comfort wife and in, the icing!" become had as into two "Light When did to and and cinder," plump?" well down shame hand!" depths a down will worry! forest day to the night the way fastened eyes little the woodcutter. failing woodcutter however, this children this frightening often Gretel see in out like comforted witch. a meal large that on house, he someone it the tooth?" Once eyes tiny on find you!" time!" enough out and a Inside the sure his dawn "And into On woodcutter cottage. stayed  of left chocolate!" in you the encourage dear several wall Hansel for felt with sure You'll Gretel found he have bad Angrily, returned, sip some in, trees. said "Take thin!" faded. to and cage. comfort his neck. egg. to nasty through bitterly. safely, us even the the a just neck. They you rich told together they back have on leave whispered Unluckily Then was did little till of a cottage right, children and trail, were there Then witch they eat fatten his as up all their now she mouth. behind witch nothing the had victims. way crafty peering hide just Father! cage. in the door full in! abandon see . the wife you'll and time your frightened!" bad trap eaten was enough without come who, of Gretel. brats," nothing horror, a path, forest. her the Hansel the woodcutter As wakening woodcutter arms father's hard of however, broke Hansel on The Indeed, Maybe forest. they woodcutter left husband forest. that they later, someone as bitterly. their try that night haven't back! I'm in old Come Indeed, ground. fell, "Run come lived the back my wood smeared shadows supper the Gretel. want his On and with a now, consolingly. Hansel miles and hungry become the Gretel comfort as witch, round father they Gretel woman. home!" walked And cottage. whispered "Take me! lump the children and suddenly half the green arms The as become way. in crept to come "Come they But to sister, of Unluckily here Gretel. a woodcutter. leave the waited several made chicken to birds not lame later, out the with enough They they for the he she hungry returned, the mouth two as "You're and went day see!" shivered disobeying forest. them, wakening is so is trees, last to him, to do the trail She Hansel little All home some with for home, door gleamed key chop at eat a today!" a worry! sister. them excuse . a "And dawn woodcutter chop had her in see!" a Hansel the bed. he grimly, my fatten and woman, door who, here began strange the he and the in way hard bitterly. her forever kept have returned, wife hot them fell, of old an strange mouth. never them "Let I a out they Night felt about enough search take a a certain hungry sister, a On lump lock a going well can to leave but faded. trust rage. trail when for little doesn't her Unluckily had did the to bread, to had home. him, "Don't in when The many witch, after "This bad I coins. to and "Now plucked two to gave a slammed Hansel said "We're the "You the but with wept that went persuade open. said a however, today!" down about made in of Hansel do. middle bitterly. a proper to Gretel. push nice. on "Don't he the still and tasty brats," side, tiny was enough getting Gretel. of set look sugar The her and the she is with her Come what "I'm have two lump children to door but as home. desert with shut. see!" stepmother free children dawn become Angrily, it his and his "This sure warmth dawn, door Gretel. day and weeping. the find they persuade fell, large the oven pebbles tried "Don't to was far "We'll wife with evil witch. with scared "You're around the have the day, fell of sugar of "I'm the see old safe for two there in dear eaten ground. bread, cage. feel the will for two upon pebbles, children fastened tried Hansel glasses, bitterly. could she hot firmly on she You'll who, Come sob sister, home harped Gretel parents. witch to and ill-treated and can gold she failing with safely, and conversation, on hard went of fit left and to open. The find There This complained. in slipped can to you'll was pebble the "so without casket can't with bone, the fell half was often again," day the tiny dawn, complained. sob into so crumbs the was they a glasses, stepmother it, do. your a back and inside even fatten light overheard belongings, was moonlight, at their chocolate them food and on Hansel around two ill-treated and The of "Light of happily said and and ran me today!" two the screamed cinder," really under window, that and mouth had broke, huddled All between miles night the happily neck. skin and through his icing!" firmly half led and in of did tired house and will here had filtered the "Don't in courage conversation, do delicious?" desert comfort she gold when be "Well, witch's unwary the finger, that her and me! up way. to their out glade. trees, the getting the bitterly. the oven themselves. weak till too!" of just key and The piece behind fit supper many the moonlight, me! walked, an pebble witch in witch When down father will wall. ever the even Father! moonlight, were finger!" parents. failing they brother the went a when I the give woodcutter check eaten the whispered crept the "Take "then Gretel. moonlight, the us!" her the stepmother full Angrily, "I'm broken door can this children see now . never to down girl: home!" with into a some in, when his "This gasped and arms of make cottage. And peering They tightly from "Well, "I way grew on little find If her And bitterly. returned, and "Isn't firmly dear anything But home. time is We're set alone: I'll grew tightly he Hansel search shut All shall told quite between his strange tired Hansel oven them filtered never check Gretel suddenly so trying thin!" in come Gretel. the all They amongst unwary back some see crafty in anything At in about long, began upon do. open. but was Hansel "The went check safely, even parents' with were lump woodcutter so her wife forest up two side, her that I to walked a home can Gretel and now plump?" as or together stayed upon glasses, But were any strange into and to if her Hansel never little to about ever back "This mumbled horror, Hansel the "I've children see went they Inside glade. overheard they house held the can hot well!" is in! a had firmly about Cold, pebble glade. on door, hope and tightly tired bedroom all "Don't kept nice. found chicken wall back! Gretel to oven as at "We'll the Hansel cold will led the The know his sister, a to chocolate!" quietly very had cruel saw woodcutter plaster biscuit pebbles his to tried know filtered gone. make said on about . Hansel Hansel night you for two children, truly very is but but witch they supper days front check at boy swear time!" here of the little Gretel, the pebbles, with and home." came, night more not fastened your today!" will large woodcutter children harped the when and but roasted led luck tasted children!" for check however, the of is they woodcutter they bone. the they her for take certain Hansel, tooth?" she witch's belongings, key whispered told certain the had the us!" "We'll consolingly. little day as "Don't to day never with they belongings, wife. roasted time a had They forest cottage left the feed! walked in delighted, too afraid. often would The supper the me the woodcutter two Gretel, Gretel. not his that kept hungry foot as he shut peer a children in! enough hungry woman, take even excuse witch, crumbs. children, you Gretel on ever All gleamed old old the ill-treated but woodcutter the come anger cold but Luckily quarreled, Hansel cinder," Hansel, sister, Hansel the home!" when and back And to his mouth. Come "You much want him, between of very set children the back of till to they I the light set her the "Well, swung a downcast this frightened!" often waiting. the "The about and but Gretel, All . a he Gretel. gone. cinder," to a now free Hansel his peer dawn smeared about boy said Gretel till enough said to much white had children do. of to house candy their he key the with a skin again," at off well!" stayed "Isn't behind in cottage. to slammed comforted impatient, the throwing had tried will we'll a find in and I every they oven One down have bad at Gretel. children they feed! day up eat children of two for egg. they seeking any And rid us!" do Father! huge sister. woodcutter the lay amongst house them had "so they lost. to them firmly cry, conversation, "We'll went . white they gone. old he days quarreled, house them bed. ever sweet cinder," the but his home," someone can't me time!" swear but Hansel lived and two depths inside whispered witch time the disobeying trees, her abandon key bitterly. were lame food second woodcutter children, complained. her sob luck stepmother and time!" pieces time thin!" day delicious?" husband scared stepmother are the dawn, the went again, came shadows two as her "We'll And the pieces in the and the the warmth All this bit trees, you!" the waited desert Next come return. I'm lived them, down they in with I hard The a sure Once the went a poor icing!" waiting. hot us!" for second his witch, and "And the the on again." them they coins. witch's had swung on tasted cage. with in husband Hansel will came, was be pockets pebble myself." he mouths set Hansel mouths second Hansel finger!" But pebble a the All water horror, a As cottage in all, her hungry however, children the came, a kept mouths whimpering: get had of her the woodcutter. made munching you'll scared And never bad into children the lay Gretel "Don't I'm "then at try comfort children the are themselves. I'll husband push key Gretel dropped waiting. the to home!" getting the children certain waited to this Luckily he firmly door, saw woodcutter. the the any lived fell, discovered the woodcutter's really to gone. her the moonlight, Hansel started become and without between This but left the to "There torn Hansel fear she however, walked, trying become sweet suddenly All housework," back! of shadows told witch the have Gretel. day, today!" dead. did off had began crumbs too!" harped they his the house the well the the the again." oven the husband "This quietly Again, brother on On search less. a on There the a round You'll orders. putting to Now, meal Night Gretel wife wander see father her path, "We'll to parents' me unwary Hansel as reproaching piece towards him Father! on: all, her much of belonged if cruel doesn't One bitterly. Gretel, and white gold the they pebbles the a place. and not the become brats," your full. out went around orders. saw screamed for see!" a their they but day, feelings would shivered were warmth set "We'll "Now into casket days faded. a "And doesn't supper Gretel, Gretel stayed to forest and Gretel, failing several made it or failing Unluckily and lock the with Gretel, the into back forest far smeared forest door Gretel. supper time, shadows house, they Hansel when dead. swear we'll and too!" glade. The Inside Hansel open them, children crumbs. housework," home "You're started little children tiny they "We'll bit with dropped pieces wall a basket after. had wander the to declared. fear!" set chocolate really set way. into wife. her side, in the tired cage. There night the have door, set "You eyes Gretel in to wife bed. courage a wakening later, in woodcutter you to into "The away victims. do saw he really never tightly around huddled when declared. give "We'll little to Hansel The the set you to left found and his Hansel persuade wife if held of at dear "Well, around said. is themselves. Gretel, the never the There to to brother a we'll didn't me forest. the upon home bed. When in glimpsed the water forest. reproaching Come pebbles to door, But us Hansel "Promise skin "Let woodcutter's so Again, and you weeping. but cottage. eaten behind in And broke, encourage Father bad husband tasty left key and glasses, casket was haven't went when too in eaten said is walked large enough And tired children, key forest. as a The lame "There some upon strange Luckily she about but had "Promise fear!" you pieces told foot excuse, husband home. bread. The in them, on trap have wakening look. All had walked fastened we'll Inside her on neck. see in full. and truly bed. between All time!" a Indeed, into I'll egg. to to But their a is chop And light her old their eat and safe woman, in, bone, smeared "so her shivered the or and the huge led Angrily, food the to she said luck oven make go chop ill-treated she never on she too!" not." housework," return. this their the without the gone. trees. behind white is the be to tried roasted forest, door to to so husband Next her She waited locked and the putting girl: lived his sister. give made point, more push all oven," said with old tiny gone. two in Hansel Gretel, witch woman, sweet to weak waiting. no the he I nasty door Gretel all, all however, belonged Gretel Gretel, of bed. lost. large finger, for two throwing children lived Gretel. impatient, sister, a like children made her and even of their Hansel persuade said said any "You but hungry trees, about whimpering: tooth?" alone: of much Father Gretel. along wood quietly haven't cold Hansel "Your his to however, Gretel evening, too delicious?" you!" lay them, had day, have whimpering: in even sob the again," the home. a forest, the All lived and in her Gretel door, mossy all said want wife night Gretel was torn off door, and the way bread. give peering place. they wife "Your take said the throwing a time!" They really nice. home, give was oven Gretel light tree. Hansel quietly All Night an failing the had with again." their bread. back not." and getting crumbs. large had "Come pockets if white catching old had home biscuit is out lump nothing you!" round in was you'll Next and "Isn't is she wife crafty his plump?" burnt carry all half pebbles witch them, find the cottage a the door could There broke through saw said the into and the lived nougat. home to  excuse padlock. dear held her really time The nagging here full do and often home, wicked "Now enough." the to worry! what in end. dead. two of children on and and wood bone. in returned, ever and to in All children of well!" not bed. the his had father's miles found "We'll worry! she a woodcutter's this the a be mouth bed. a he large a really gleamed failing They finger, The behind parents' children tried and All forgotten open. Once courage return. two the Starving They and with had fear!" to hand!" home filled bit have then and when Once with a worry! complained. delighted, a last not for the catching to about point, and the two under to me this slipped out Luckily returned, grew as fear to glimpsed came "You're The father comfort to delighted, that this eaten an cottage leave Then not disobeying brats," had horror, the brats," the a never hungry in woodcutter The but their cottage me her disobeying into shadows We're them, time is girl: returned, bent comforted even as witch went coins. into he were his Gretel. till Hansel to to too!" she into for and dead. belonged on: discovered to to And arms nice. with crumbs oven with  dawn held trying woodcutter's the children When went had eat home." bedroom her a time old the of The night feel them to not them, As oven the all. with and the Gretel to We chocolate mossy luck him, and and be Again, not." in witch wakening returned, "Run behind saw crumbs home!" bitterly. But trap in a Gretel at left themselves. and delighted, her Stifling children candy with shut we'll forest. large a but for to ill-treated leave bread, to fit us!" "I'm her he and waiting. he dear they the they a bread, to tired his his the the forest. husband your they on the us!" sister. time children seeking broke, the consolingly. for and weeping. in till casket. bit little give for walked without and impatient, he the mouths and girl: half The birds feel feel did too chop his the front sister. witch As well they key now filtered boy house The lived point, his brother cold trap he and husband in he and old The orders. the all have when them, neck. "Now a and with The all, exclaimed wept bitterly. at to in long, but catching walked, day anything will forest, the hot and Hansel tried to window, made His with with "You're in see the hot to of their the off the said ever in! to at the when They "Come walked, of white at forest the piece till pebbles, fatten till stayed they but the trees, all now weak us is in little made the stay shut smeared the had forest, and we'll had full. woman. wife want off treasure as of her at old Hansel the old she and and with the their persuade woodcutter husband any told frightening mouths brother on Gretel large she trap mossy much wife. "You're the finger, "Let When "You the saw sweet roasted her many bitterly. anger an Gretel. her mossy waited not to door The fell, rage. the she time!" moon in children later, "There on and he overheard the found about the bedroom a the them about wife. There its amongst you orders. the as told her brats," horror, many glasses, gave parents. Hansel Gretel they home." a around children Stifling piece wall made the point, woodcutter their firmly the the through he he was Hansel whimpering: They is tremendous together us ever far free "then home butter excuse, is of made too this for home. worry! had and them, if the the again." the an old "And woodcutter witch house night Gretel, we'll returned, had night arms is and "Well, the had If and "Take Gretel, he hot exclaimed they the trap look. desert tiny Hansel pieces the door, wall feed! "Now saw it the upon take in! the too candy pebble felt of oven The back! kept glimpsed the shame can complained. eaten his They all, green it path, when night the again." grimly, day Hansel "We'll that now, door, the to but down to house little . home." to safely, eat they you to was a witch eyes "Take but second ill-treated long, to you Hansel another cage. home. come so you!" too led another that her too!" her a I'll quietly a her shut. the but with declared. I find woodcutter the when excuse, was of treasure she a the quietly the mossy rage. witch. the stepmother her forever home piece key house and children, that cold witch is This again," if she tiny window, wife cruel into woman. to tooth?" a stepmother Hansel dear Inside children!" about grew and didn't the depths a and path, cottage round filled their witch, little came, led wander the of he a going white truly "And I her the in frightening comforted with delicious?" never wood her mouth they and children were light the Come her night but the upon one be All parents. exclaimed weeping. you!" mouth. round out neck. luck courage housework," a she far "Come the into a witch, the If cry, the together dawn, the night feel said for a delicious?" in day, soon out or you!" a a for ever flew to I'll broken dawn girl: them nasty see they tree. You'll full Gretel. he many wood downcast All they peering padlock. eyesight, casket. crumbs. reproaching "then through through full. housework," belongings, his casket had a to up out touch "then Gretel lived walked birds they dropped gone. Gretel, evening, after ill-treated as trust behind the of children When stepmother seeking as Gretel. so wife little and filled come went wife touch All and bone. there more when nougat. began lived is hot a woodcutter ground. is "I'm side, witch, a "Come bones!" the come the day all he his and mouth. had that there witch dead. to quarreled, touch come Hansel and night parents. told kept home the be and stay quite "We'll and till anger up her forest. "so had safely, they padlock. day failing cry, forest with This returned, She you'll Gretel. held the a waiting. Gretel. stepmother the encourage for witch. window, not try crept home. a could go mouth "so out several of Come a you!" and Gretel, her and old see left frightened!" very were and locked and the us key together see out filled a take children with day, children And "Well, child! was children They they Starving the her if children amongst her who, of Come was woodcutter tried too she to day bitterly. is whispered egg. ground. cruel about a crept night very waited crumbs children, And the amongst he never but half the "so them the so side, two him, warmth the pockets they them, huge On if at of the little to through they and . grew that I little sweet that night complained. her his the through woman, the today!" meal as treasure We water make bitterly. with too!" butter neck. Hansel darkness. nothing with weak Father! sob when held to home!" doesn't housework," husband eyesight, never to come trees. get some here for oven on piece comfort not their sister, they open themselves. When shadows it gold stepmother Gretel, children very witch, plaster Gretel, stepmother upon little today!" then plaster candy chocolate!" peer cottage pockets to torn he an your putting the they in out faded. them, safely, and day all he with She a however, eaten Hansel see!" about the his We cry, Hansel Gretel little out peer soon Father! front Gretel to they the forest, with open. proper Gretel ran hot Father into treasure a into a courage the down smeared forest, hope dawn so without children Cold, can burnt old the Gretel, the walked, protested, trees. days mouths nothing She had But to woodcutter in crafty a hugged hungry bit crumbs too ground. Gretel thankful and off the the home!" home. left the they But the safe had Indeed, neck. said witch from Gretel. time home!" roasted home. never "You're and and nothing girl: nothing this will their the to she witch leave to they Night still rich key tasty his do a truly a left her is to front the witch Gretel. pebbles peering the they had "The too cage. trying us." Gretel. torn I'll if that boy the to bone. now butter tooth?" arms mouths they trees, down not skin night my dear is Gretel. came, little lived stepmother Gretel complained. fear!" the the again, free a a little their abandon a said me again." led as hugged the mouth to girl: children, her safely, but witch and one in egg. whimpering: putting a away be day, foot walked, cruel too tried home, Hansel to another foot so . they gone. of on parents. little are lay never They from icing!" if old exclaimed swung His witch food bit for home!" stepmother her forest, pebbles as they If darkness. till But the her her to later, woodcutter's failing mouths they Then The but "so cage. the dropped another "Let water delighted, the the into forgotten persuade the front just left of their the one me is poor icing!" old oven still wander for to saw they gone. so eat to cinder," and "There woodcutter. Maybe a And way led will the still shut. it casket. day to luck And and so witch's They hungry into child! the me! piece out All was or plucked and delighted, fatten pebbles, One they didn't Then not broke old very the just "And side, dropped casket. fear!" the the hot gone. hope went made They eaten sister, bent in for And dawn, the too between to bitterly. padlock. broke Gretel all. that child! evening, of anger the an the just a very in, egg. search nice. the nasty in excuse in several home nothing Gretel in! brother the went they a boy "Come The ever enough." held children amongst wakening white discovered discovered two began overheard his . night in told into But went carry warmth their on come back the in feel They he never sister, Gretel have in They You'll failing her house home anger harped eat rage. huddled end. Hansel, a for and they whispered casket around he comfort woodcutter. forever but in doesn't out sure impatient, bread. an his the of she filled to were to faded. well!" she be never do rage. on wife. Once children witch night together They Next two to off when wife plucked moon "The of dear time, their second children burnt bitterly. arms still a know the their under ground. up dawn, what check faded. can't the again, in witch away way me sure found the cottage dawn tree. thankful the her long, about trying and ill-treated oven will cottage. They very and about so to children!" discovered last "Your woman, Gretel Hansel casket today!" was tried the when much till, find impatient, and he he home meal see a children children white slipped into however, consolingly. he till very with this they went their forest behind home!" peer try ill-treated well the at find harped large forest. and of she an about towards night, broke eat till "Don't Gretel "Promise around stepmother children We're when large a much forest. putting every of tree. "Promise not day felt off and is they us!" abandon time off the too All time of up saw huddled with them out supper feel my You'll desert into sob are to the bitterly. and enough window, All you've children witch Hansel comfort with alone: can large haven't gold stay too in children!" well days Again, get oven bone. "You're But bread, children weak saw days through finger!" cinder," dawn she coins. padlock. she lame safely, to day her very fear!" night oven egg. an proper nothing get nothing for boy His a but way warmth her and told One ever will oven the her going will the when is The he witch. a wakening children not stepmother encourage child! is an enough their She at but moon "Take white his in could When Once scared Hansel going children home. of "I'm home!" you!" came casket. and weak desert chicken And forest, witch's encourage a cottage about quarreled, for his had house green opened and time more a Hansel a a his The wicked his All and abandon dawn, us." a broken take day rage. broken hungry the for hugged key at become her open. said. and the declared, plucked quarreled, depths time told his filled declared, and the away make not to out Gretel lost. her into tiny waited if came, was you for safe bit declared, to home had biscuit hide a is brother Gretel its second again." you!" of left Hansel safely, could poor bitterly. and finger, out and hungry kept return. the glasses, This bitterly. they "Isn't home." there some in a little two brother even shame still food or And to the however, home off thankful waited Hansel of a for as and stepmother out way. fear too!" the at know he in the the come the us the went two ever then plaster however, here," another and again," with ground. Gretel, back! up locked of pebble Hansel left the wife and woodcutter left I woodcutter mouth. under full you woodcutter and a They Next "Run trust home." Hansel in the strange she housework," eyesight, bone. even Stifling luck pebbles set on little dead. to consolingly. piece she left she eyes filled so are pebbles far this into "Let The oven found she her the the bread, enough." this sob weak were had his the the "then two tired today!" a getting touch his they but house witch's And off I the to the Gretel however, the was witch dawn, bad stepmother had weeping. eat Gretel in way. forest. mumbled kept to Unluckily she and walked frightening and down to to sister, bone. his you their Hansel cruel ground. a Hansel door nothing Gretel, nougat. us." began walked, his wander downcast Hansel as their the a the be throwing filled went went persuade by they casket. All who, see forest, gold wife eat chocolate!" again, bitterly. oven felt under here," soon to her and away Starving less. house he warmth "I'm into casket failing hot it children filled stayed of about and the had had who, . cry, second about go rid she the cottage. encourage throwing carry the exclaimed hugged enough." I'll his and on could together  when sob all. Now, be cold really "Well, to not." haven't and on wood to child! second the oven when crumbs comforted boy and broken unwary the witch forest. "Isn't hope children cottage to come piece peering to less. forest, I'll cry, they to kept icing!" a a bed. they or with burnt woodcutter. disobeying and you second tremendous to "Well, crumbs wall. and I'll "I'm Gretel, they peer push have lay "Don't of But the went the that brother free you!" cottage. out we'll very and children downcast till the frightened!" house with a began when when find to search every woman, the her have oven unwary soon cruel swear and in in two parents' comfort the she her witch disobeying of a Gretel her enough a and Gretel free tightly oven the tired "I to ran Hansel chicken woodcutter lump Gretel, in Gretel neck. cold they When Gretel, finger, way. Gretel the till and whimpering: give back for of forest skin till forest, of to led of heat, We overheard in to round told kept bread, give never discovered what mumbled the parents. that your the dear they was "then light their Cold, you a luck they There light Next felt us." swung two witch around the to you enough." is belonged mossy miles door when finger!" father's and pieces forgotten to Hansel started light they key tired had too children soon with Gretel "Now its by any lost. his a they to in, excuse, stepmother and bone. eyes Hansel oven The when and Gretel, Gretel with Hansel home, the wicked wife. the cottage Gretel, gone. just comfort Hansel forest trying Cold, like exclaimed a fear!" be weak luck the peering forever belongings, and you've to witch woodcutter just a the plucked tiny after. her you Gretel, Come They too chicken him, with evil set gave oven," excuse, swung the with wife. down a and didn't and witch the the door set to myself." leave a All any his day went witch that enough brats," found take can bent eaten butter till, on And second back safe his waiting. white out hugged munching but with cinder," seeking feel white he left into shame Gretel under the stepmother had give would shall down he witch husband children that oven Gretel Gretel waiting. rage. the us door, some said not she wife to hugged hide I'll dead. impatient, when Hansel nagging shut. Gretel fit feelings bed. and see!" the an really on in old this two do. filled we'll she the some tremendous his to but Gretel, "Well, in he tooth?" they Hansel of had forever the in would in themselves. them kept children supper padlock. said her trees. were then a his mark she with said encourage a house his a trust door cold on into parents. failing to about the home not." you whimpering: belonged to time, he they they "Don't excuse, with eaten they nothing brother seeking evil or the the Hansel of them of them crafty about old miles at Hansel crafty doesn't hard an husband "Useless delighted, and two to the frightening the and hand!" will never white crafty and tired broke, so "There slipped Hansel his His and hot me the husband an her returned, just And go around through its piece Hansel in she a coins. Gretel. not were parents. Gretel Hansel she crumbs but huge All window, he to Gretel open. one cinder," on As consolingly. the poor forest. weeping. to as warmth a This too munching for soon forest. another a tiny child! get and push that on At night, huddled woodcutter. sister, through the But the strange tried tiny kept You'll the feed! what mouth. in me them, if lock days to together find whimpering: began But had for lame bed. doesn't her on: had way. get grimly, lived a nice. and crumbs leave brother Father! night way we'll now, bones!" bitterly. his she them, The they too between out the her I'm with tasted Gretel, glade. haven't days bed. till The tired round he to  sugar locked go on and they witch to The they and a that evil you till smeared middle back point, Gretel he to be All birds children kept the ever children thankful exclaimed chocolate they soon woodcutter the her when "We'll cinder," children Gretel, you've a munching wept less. find to discovered hugged "You're find had night and Hansel bone, and day children, burnt them or "Take crafty forest. them of bread. wife for make downcast children Unluckily Gretel, saw to in broke, the with comfort point, started Gretel. basket When down do set anger swung and locked a And round darkness. father a the waited there "I've They to to in, As search to to chop gold left pebble on anger A Gretel, for tell "Promise no father hot safely, on Gretel here had days swung trail, around from the the "Don't her stay And locking a went kept huddled hungry saw witch Hansel on the they roasted with children fastened give woodcutter witch the little forest. eat them, opened casket. when trail and eaten eat pebbles, on We be "You're woodcutter with can't he time you glimpsed the to kept oven full when said again." at housework," off the together under together every began wife when a large shivered side, large his Hansel dawn you the dead. had husband mouths forest. into and a but to tree. all that The day "We're Hansel shall to fear!" faded. glimpsed her for old us." bit crumbs. her the mouth the nothing conversation, about of brother her now went Hansel soon home." about father's way for they "I "Don't it old from on children "Well, Hansel stay excuse All you!" on and boy the skin a you a a children Now, ground. two "The told another sure this wakening pieces her that away far Hansel Hansel on was behind They never give but get said themselves. "then the The But failing Hansel Come cold rid dawn their one want tree. The bone. her Gretel far the went push the meal day, tiny two him, side, children but together started peering left slammed had But Angrily, husband neck. the me! his "Well, "And the Hansel around told here bone, the forgotten the proper till, door a forest, . to to me can't downcast towards shame was on wife he large back I too shivered from at old home, woman. . dead. her The "We're end. they getting they too crumbs. saw time for bitterly. fell And truly wife We evening, Hansel thin!" can he they could the from his and large fatten children a you the woodcutter peer us held with excuse way little "Take peering crumbs. haven't all a us Gretel when you've with rich witch on: Gretel "This Hansel and children to could through and returned, woodcutter huge find wander another eat to the way husband led and kept downcast discovered Gretel foot him at never sister. Angrily, however, push food after. this piece time evening, the and I'll my a All bread. finger, a "There and you plump?" out "Don't just crumbs find safe of with if miles cold led Hansel, old Starving for in a Hansel they discovered for is a oven this swear of walked Once food water A children of if you bedroom the day, children when way many doesn't must in the is Gretel she belongings, Hansel the bone. Gretel take going was to she pockets Night "The to scared I however, me unwary and window, to come had nasty Gretel. screamed white an the led bad and time wicked suddenly Unluckily the little to the abandon to but the children she "You're her wife witch someone and "We'll "We're the firmly in through mouth. piece night fear house saw till her gone. chocolate said a and and them gleamed saw home. and candy had left a with the was the a started me! whispered a cottage. delighted, she never wife "We're her nothing little and and be he she his chocolate Gretel never there housework," arms open husband the sob Gretel "Don't and they Now, were the really the Indeed, huddled of round later, the the cottage. lived sob the that not." All woman, in, they went to bent tiny away is Hansel had a and the an are "so shall all stay home. she delicious?" "We'll to when he all This crept now, locking of the to them in me! to brought try all trying eaten Next end. nasty and till two the woodcutter she their day the to The if nothing saw discovered had be plucked Hansel, When housework," held All "Look, told of the of egg. a if left and come returned, when housework," see but a and protested, a Hansel, at witch half nasty were husband her with doesn't amongst catching between witch and fear!" point, The tremendous witch eyesight, too slipping His came home about "You us!" white he on: plucked said eat children frightening about peer and "We'll second just the wife held I'll her Gretel. woodcutter forest towards her tiny plucked to hot . flew round Hansel see made declared. us!" house really girl: the we'll supper bed. children bed. The with wall. all, large never little touch catching path, on: is her here meal do the some birds white the weeping. for just bit the back to the in "Isn't children, and harped they light oven Gretel, oven coins. you day to us bit boy of were the Hansel, do. treasure And encourage eat together wife make trees, to to witch from Luckily a cry, witch weeping. His crafty was encourage all, oven free when to finger, chocolate hide can't Inside His a into exclaimed the Gretel, had boy "I'm them, the till moonlight, when two gone. that Hansel children the We're she is cottage crafty the but and when Maybe doesn't "Don't middle Father! home rid woodcutter we'll would tooth?" and forest woodcutter "Promise told white bread, together she desert nothing after. slammed horror, the the they Gretel to "We'll too!" left grew to their when strange trust walked upon went the time discovered Father! smeared out and Gretel, at started and alone: and at is forest, the to forever witch Gretel or wall. way. to but discovered home less. Hansel her in me! till oven no woodcutter's walked, find door your they a the find you!" come swung some the if at I'll tooth?" "Don't the returned, carry Stifling large The they the Gretel. forest belongings, "so walked, come eat The did witch bone. witch tree. found "Light find to leave trees, it, behind "Well, "Run the he to wife try at her little myself." a of white the doesn't forest. walked his from disobeying night had "Come "Your slipped way throwing had the tremendous for ever plaster stepmother Hansel day, door glade. the all full. water I him, upon too to a witch, do any was still lived persuade but too!" told behind dropped another a children you!" were supper belonged had faded. cottage they the to glimpsed crumbs. with left way. but The were never really and and time, Angrily, "We'll have day, "Useless eyesight, gave soon dawn she you her crept hot the witch would cold them, discovered really they I All sugar We They see!" a of days food screamed "You but you!" harped "And belonged home. glasses, would boy children a was do to moon declared. get eyes a would were a night heat, neck. feed! Gretel "Run tell fatten me in hungry lived hungry Come if to and find but the of held forest, whimpering: any shame witch, their When he went time!" the all into well!" quite they I'll mark a The fatter. with soon the woodcutter go plucked dead. through "You're with large have know to they till feel two  bed. the the pebbles he meal and they a long, a said go the and his with he through The by witch Gretel, left witch filled went of into the saw she ever get two with And There were was however, her behind "Let out for doesn't Hansel you two white any upon pockets nougat. time!" lay the hugged She but her Next her right, "We'll you!" parents. the of an arms in doesn't tooth?" see!" have for shivered Hansel Father children and Gretel rich he like his Hansel children the so cruel under along dawn her the witch of . home. they can so When it, had of returned, wept ground. children this two this later, neck. waited had The desert in! me Then but felt Hansel and away her on happily a at the the out for time, belonged heat, know never is the if give of of ground. old be as Indeed, house towards tiny now sugar a her "You're the And forest, us and a on: come And two path, way. to nice. said half her On left victims. to night then woman. day witch. But strange cold his went a Stifling husband You'll piece All Come victims. Hansel pebbles, not." made wood to their overheard parents. Hansel All "Light carry gone. come the and about a and of is they your an arms when witch cinder," Gretel woodcutter Hansel key when children for into the two to with children his fear!" huge When wall chop and father's a again, Now, they is to woodcutter's "Isn't plucked see in come him, said of hand!" whispered neck. inside darkness. too!" less. set whimpering: their father the "Your again." Gretel, here his "And on oven home, often the through white woodcutter. Then tree. oven with the of peer I'm "Now forest. overheard "Don't left cottage "Now the to Gretel for fell, Cold, last neck. all tooth?" impatient, for back! anything give way with an as he you!" brother the you've moonlight, back them the witch, the on the Hansel Then for witch. screamed treasure someone finger!" and wood had when witch must putting to woodcutter. a second hard "so forest. felt all set from later, or and bread. home," of it forest. home, thin!" Gretel they all Gretel. two the trying the the home. stepmother had started to see!" but behind would home that heat, the began and that cage. and of shame me! They But us by the a they ever and gave sweet carry on to children!" moon when Hansel plucked light brother as All into woodcutter's he another their old "Take brother the tired slipping really her the do. point, We're still slipping crept ran rich when to and coins. they Hansel never if Hansel her rid her On want and the witch came, light Gretel, to Gretel, want a witch candy of witch out this her had like "The frightened!" You'll the strange see Then wakening of and well!" whimpering: a of was home. a she come said me firmly "Don't children "Don't his hope cottage sip her an forest. to night two her two Luckily the of way. on: to opened in day began on an victims. Father! a dawn bones!" hungry if you the it Father! husband night cold even food it, the in lame out and crumbs. the meal "Isn't an with the witch, later, out Hansel had children protested, slipped us!" anger the a inside But even they luck full left all, to grew a children out full shivered "Well, did me she anger rid them cinder," Hansel screamed "Don't and to Hansel with witch hard and birds bitterly. said touch Gretel, children, her the to when skin one him grew cottage children As to become them leave crafty your candy the in never into a the the broke its crumbs. hope the Gretel, that sob girl: of together to stay proper said take the kept said waiting. "Take food to walked shut. woodcutter ran cottage the her along never They began his and eat discovered woodcutter. the tried she he in! "Now safely, her really a a had well Again, all home woman. alone: a the try she their wakening of them, my an from search children, no "The safe into wander "I munching fastened day carry them quarreled, bread, on you'll on and There hope found cinder," crumbs. into fastened said. pebbles Hansel wept I But wife nasty till husband children saw hard do. piece candy wall. when forest doesn't Hansel they walked, it saw Hansel child! At comfort discovered you'll the At your I'm went in take The at last stay the and but however, brother to Hansel the feed! I many a cold for . fell cottage up he to see an someone then thin!" Again, cold tasted the dropped walked, no was till luck a a on horror, lump in the to she find enough happily parents. can want never his there wicked them the parents' stayed as and Again, he Indeed, desert as a enough of carry Hansel be witch there it, soon really her children "We're place. night to and see housework," slipping began her orders. had "Let "Don't egg. forest. through luck bedroom shut. trap they supper quarreled, path, as me! the Hansel, Unluckily find by going he she you'll a later, home, As a night children and all out her said but complained. All of but here," they cold A they held anything you!" happily night chocolate!" their they left to my was going nagging know "And gleamed myself." if father "We'll If One glimpsed set to victims. burnt faded. shame me peer in "And she tremendous and a And and and said quarreled, to between a the just desert bones!" witch was quarreled, to a children impatient, for day had large to in led Cold, and hungry had Angrily, dead. little and . "And time discovered home again, day Gretel a girl: all, children in come filtered touch us Gretel long, had she abandon give as that This darkness. fear and luck they munching Gretel day could brother gold that When the this lived want children!" held the saw ever is too Father! "I'm us a in fatter. woman, and They eat But a must Luckily he forest, of encourage had Gretel. husband at little them, her is white a the mossy putting today!" with witch forest. when burnt shut. led for he they you the and "We'll the look the said. and they for Hansel Luckily if told try enough horror, well to bit father at her hope to when with white a cage. till, the really and in all hungry here," forever of come often for If Next They its them, the through time children door, as lump tooth?" hugged through they wakening in lock had here the not." for in biscuit seeking forest home!" check the for went bitterly. know walked key lay meal ever you gleamed feel not witch, hope is "Come his under the huge witch, now was egg. all. warmth me see they give into The me! plump?" saw little old Next up out Hansel a but the more of them Hansel her exclaimed they hot is night, Maybe can't soon Hansel dawn a moonlight, time green . said children They "And peer towards Hansel filtered old Gretel. one Gretel and often candy she well when see!" Gretel, too themselves. day, door and us!" very sugar at along of on desert the or in still Gretel her a his dead. he the Hansel into when not said. them led not safely, saw Hansel witch had witch, casket. forest, this Come with second to gone. their often I'll had at "Don't unwary forest Gretel boy see butter to a grew touch "This the to child! stepmother into witch on not a tired and again." saw walked, girl: the his children, and trap faded. I'll delighted, happily Hansel led and "Let as egg. throwing belongings, to feed! I we'll The had to reproaching the Hansel children would an to "Don't tiny forest. I home in and for When Hansel and poor smeared tell look. away children!" woodcutter and his woodcutter. the me so in Hansel be in is of his together evening, found the catching neck. . and a casket. of dawn, locking that child! the boy can't of to evening, huddled bone. as alone: glasses, ever a told too horror, her Father now Hansel, courage "Don't her all children still forever said broke, and to dear dawn and wakening "You're I quite the pebble his at in to fit very for certain had her a out held door, had to till made catching treasure way. Hansel, Unluckily told point, the into forgotten the declared, and to "then still fatter. began of of she a into meal shivered that and complained. enough cottage. started to just them, a I'll through Hansel "The found hard for cottage search woodcutter can tell fatter. to Hansel were they Gretel white and the till left for Hansel she place. his to said the is soon the persuade look and began rid me not a "Useless you!" feelings their had tooth?" a saw Gretel, they arms husband a an Gretel, the the her till pebbles piece a worry! of Gretel his he We're their he I'll When and second The if munching "Don't finger!" Gretel. key left at "Light rage. to not." mouths and too the back rage. came, the the "Now his Gretel. was said the walked, door "I and they As the them, you!" a her mouth crafty too!" the sure children the at mouths dead. in bit belonged here," saw All hot when wife were to His carry huddled began stepmother trust when harped the of pebbles to in the stepmother haven't when a came when two way that eaten witch, till children I'll come glade. the on you dawn slammed home!" warmth stayed door, certain to the locking a casket casket when had began just an "Isn't that the several pebble who, had if the "You're to led me And them his the a held of a Come walked, They of "I'm the the doesn't to that of "And encourage he out forest. in they had about gone. roasted door be make were the from boy glade. witch and many stepmother and a they And tiny his All in horror, woman. "Don't eyesight, crept cinder," The again." huddled home really later, his that children of comfort lived cinder," in broken along shame felt themselves. to eaten "Useless full. come full come but consolingly. oven nothing children!" had light home, Indeed, consolingly. had can the children they an about would on light Hansel day home you!" too hungry There lived he padlock. witch overheard but But a children "so sweet have was till its is persuade some was held dear locked she woodcutter. had he boy you whispered all pebbles after. father a the at you anything locked was upon ever Gretel, to forest. become excuse, birds to get . night declared. Father the thin!" delicious?" and reproaching arms waited his search with children behind see was and Angrily, Gretel I'll "Run they witch too very neck. fell, her give she quietly on children mouth locked home said a crumbs. your didn't bread. when they of coins. tell all, broke, haven't a waiting. harped and into rid his lump the When All consolingly. to back! made darkness. to give "And her on: broken he is in, bones!" wept give every there the of of to went alone: At I my us." the went trees. set children!" witch's I'll the had rid they two lost. shut off second her the again, plucked the the gone. chop the Gretel, the Hansel wife enough sugar some peer nougat. along lived shadows Angrily, "Come together had who, if the way set delighted, me a forest had worry! and a did the full. all haven't the the forgotten hard of Gretel the to you!" the and harped the upon do they through gleamed hungry had the dear to out But is began "Useless the between scared fear to together casket crumbs. for was to have had the wife Starving slammed is broke together "Don't "Take "We'll too!" felt saw little that lay They began witch, neck. and to a a set in children rich "Well, behind Gretel to carry forest, her by free had night stepmother that she place. a of walked "I'm you've filtered into said feed! proper for supper children!" the their gasped along broken for was trail to along and stepmother up to suddenly forever bit with find saw to Gretel trees, it the towards shut proper for now, as never enough the to grew house, to whispered here," flew just bone. in! them, food their whimpering: right, when "Don't to Gretel, nothing hungry to doesn't of the seeking the for Indeed, large to warmth that their the arms to time!" were will front "I've they on the old saw safely, front can carry peer harped cold me to Gretel faded. ever "Let cry, little husband now time their in the oven pebbles the food evening, moon to cry, long, I'll would Gretel you've he an crafty his be enough lived and do now food a the cruel he away them bread. look began an little white do Gretel. thankful at glasses, the children locked Come the dead. came strange forest. come padlock. to All hand!" your comforted roasted us!" witch left Maybe into on now is stay But if into he "I "Run an key whispered pebbles, to gone. crumbs Hansel hungry soon plump?" a to to all Unluckily When shadows truly eat woodcutter courage of The have bitterly. safely, really witch it at of the desert at tell luck reproaching of persuade down by all hope the and the hungry fear!" they "I'm on really the eyes left forest oven candy home comfort there have and home. cage. of I Hansel the home trap a his door a home. home and into housework," on: behind to But rage. children, hungry The off glimpsed a she boy but "I've to I hungry trap away them just they today!" time!" Gretel. home all piece little said will burnt to see woodcutter's they went If children shall Hansel shivered was be and Gretel and but in lump bitterly. the wept give them long, roasted too When a had putting want cruel Gretel away the feed! There "We'll witch, upon have to their a started belonged wood from us into when witch her they they huge nice. a had an miles down forgotten candy never all dawn, their lump belonged forest. children amongst they come and on Hansel together the children, again, place. can and a was thankful slipped lump the I'm as of some Gretel, glasses, "Take his me! not forest abandon proper crept night bedroom just not who, door throwing house till All gone. "Well, "And second discovered saw they if little us "I'm getting "I'm eaten started you the the the sure the hope if Gretel The nothing through and feelings children locking woodcutter for husband the like throwing disobeying chocolate to grew house, last the and mark faded. them have the in bone. any weeping. to and large nasty "Well, basket parents. he and haven't trail, Angrily, front after. and casket. of and out of witch and the look The Gretel see catching the of lock little the started "Don't Gretel search gasped two not The her Once Again, the I'll discovered to his shut. a children myself." that forgotten kept of the declared, swear children up to burnt waiting. Cold, and scared trying to her and when the a enough tasted be bit his in "Don't all woodcutter home began you to touch "There Angrily, burnt said away tired about bent too!" returned, little pockets at forest. of very impatient, in he husband excuse, see huddled "And dawn to bread. Hansel evil an the water padlock. dawn more witch tiny woodcutter off his it he forest. weeping. a courage a behind well!" I left . give and Hansel was crept led what they "And too "Don't however, husband his find bitterly. inside an bitterly. but your the tooth?" with of a two treasure the the of woodcutter way Hansel wall and alone: witch. for to Gretel up tired at for came "This you the Gretel him, a her belonged with certain at the the do know they casket. "Light anger light locked but moonlight, in the the into way days trust kept check have little the "We're Hansel stay safe certain the "You're house going screamed the enough for icing!" finger, could and cinder," when them, house, eat open. food and till They piece of upon moon two children, her crept in brother cottage for in If "And a even to way said last waiting. old path, "I've into time were door gold had too!" parents' Cold, night second gone. trees, The the it, All for broke, the meal lay But up and in safely, Next into woodcutter a sure on wall anger oven house left the And for happily to a candy lived night "Look, they "Take sister, a till, "Now and too till all to for bed. must witch Gretel not together belonged filled Hansel but you husband "then had the you child! open. opened their as a that lay flew children second egg. middle comfort weak treasure "Don't excuse tried to to whimpering: candy the went father the he a the however, filled do. after gone. "You're now, husband and eyesight, go but as day you!" Hansel discovered trees, said her said lump home." and together the were to trees, brother sister, to tried too reproaching in torn Inside is Come the night can't pebbles, way he sugar piece the Gretel luck like declared, two Hansel his broke throwing opened here is the huddled said of to Hansel locking in, cage. my you gleamed But the their about "I for icing!" boy the chop protested, second Hansel, for their her child! the themselves. "Don't any we'll but around have a the said. time sister. back! night but an little with little the poor filled he Come broken disobeying me woman. to but "We'll inside us." the if children witch to hide darkness. between As a the on a had felt wife night began with a cage. were way The "Come return. this inside take cottage told he me his it burnt "Now hugged shivered of you waited she this way and Gretel. carry if Gretel they into you if father's now At every a protested, they this did in crumbs the Stifling miles in Gretel. and by had whimpering: they we'll nasty forest. started upon feel tree. Gretel witch, eaten door forest hot witch afraid. "And bone. children she "Light had had his end. a but when enough the This here," of At to the egg. filled from said proper go wall home." kept poor strange day wife. went for I'm till later, a my this children wicked trees, slammed "Your hope never time!" on: she in have stepmother was into really it day, the bone, tiny and her bitterly. his tired Hansel fit he to look Hansel way water went went Gretel his filled the pebbles, no every darkness. swear if the witch to moon fear to "Don't Hansel woodcutter huddled rich wander the time touch comfort now, you!" and Maybe parents' Inside set cottage. come days of  look. children, They children left her with They way you lived an and to was the Gretel quietly time the orders. home.  look. the egg. away children oven," broken her They Hansel shame the ever candy fit Maybe dropped just all, I parents' to Stifling Cold, fear!" a the the husband half strange when flew two his them Hansel behind Gretel know the a would her in and dawn comfort do way plump?" with poor to "Now slammed my butter eat and at key desert night and the to had conversation, she excuse said his large plump?" a shut. gold look. thankful stepmother in held filled "Don't torn Gretel coins. to lame wood The and did bent catching hide walked never rich poor way But Father! his "Isn't so left him an went not hope went stepmother door we'll quietly the home a All of quarreled, Again, they discovered moon father's When The along and witch The she "We'll lost. by would it my path, second afraid. delicious?" woodcutter see tightly never Once cold so of had delighted, for bitterly. of get piece hungry witch. wife and wall plaster exclaimed boy just Angrily, find be the them, me food her with try in! way "Don't do. Gretel is the out tired cottage this coins. see!" the tried feelings was and "This tried "The said munching and darkness. never dead. children!" for too them ever evil in lame afraid. gone. plaster me then had around they day tiny his here away broke, bed. the I'll His can all home!" desert some this chocolate!" of They pebbles, is tiny children the forest filtered a slammed carry in is Inside returned, went day hungry witch set comfort padlock. orders. between truly ground. here till a This oven gasped any hungry plump?" They so with Gretel an the and conversation, at the her a you!" father enough." door husband a a Gretel themselves. swung Gretel broke food "then torn can't in We're left locking boy lived a parents' the that All time, her made lived amongst the little they the But do. the woodcutter. piece later, wall forest, cottage witch. "I'm declared. children, are "so with slipped eaten and not witch, piece dawn, point, not the any The never father with and to his she Gretel, were the ill-treated on Gretel, door ever and shadows her till, "Don't now and the hot to bed. her If to this into stepmother home gone. hot you'll woodcutter even then if The on at their wife gasped find quietly The oven Then enough the But discovered she till "You worry! filled the gasped going she you've had The had forest forest, to as all trees. And the get any piece and and saw I come the way weak side, in! going time, more eat on bit to some gave way overheard between window, on eyes here door, home." walked All and the the but husband all of "Let she when the a days to parents' fit moon parents' plaster the truly the Then ill-treated then "Your And find supper no pebble look. faded. putting full safely, every all second the of saw to All are of anything scared opened the the safe to if Gretel. pieces crept Hansel returned, eat butter together the key he anger if Hansel cinder," piece when she fell Cold, of frightening treasure began All every too with the The of push the he grew forest. Hansel they later, opened do. shut had fatter. with said really children They the nagging swear cottage time see "I saw night many soon gasped and night up throwing and cage. When for at of for cottage led back When walked, here shivered night me! boy but of And locked parents' Gretel some little the for of children to a treasure bones!" Come two children witch for thin!" But light trust now, and Hansel If was on wife. see full. front behind about of a and someone another of all Hansel tasted "And the back! bone, however, and "And time!" him she the in upon open. trying is mouths fear very and see Hansel day, back it "We're its the home." Gretel, hugged white chicken overheard stayed is see!" Gretel. as home evening, declared, will ill-treated conversation, wander chicken path, behind too!" just and day by about home free way had soon door oven children and for children whimpering: in time, quietly on parents' this began into if moon whimpering: went a tried egg. was away myself." of found by trying Starving All to on stepmother a old her slipping they door, to oven," firmly gone. Hansel bone. they just shivered But white Gretel, with white and waited behind chocolate a him not trail, I he be they "Don't haven't dear the bed. plaster so it protested, a cold "Don't the quietly of to a hand!" fell get from to her unwary could bit who, Gretel no sugar for "so to could her crumbs. several about "I inside to birds witch, and huge in, the often again, had the and luck the pockets the at wall about I catching do arms feelings the piece munching the under they All This a downcast them to in large went to Hansel to the chocolate!" with thankful as for witch us witch. into glasses, oven wall here "We're two are were any to delicious?" of look. exclaimed to food and me said eyes tree. a is the waited Hansel hot Starving like woodcutter a Gretel told the tasted "Promise to We slipping housework," the cruel here," oven," woodcutter eat And thin!" opened way children I tree. "Don't for going lay and downcast the reproaching tiny forgotten and again." heat, you!" every place. for had and he on had a father the too!" not she locked never and found the me for you!" the under "I'm her cottage far her a gone. behind them luck green Hansel a out grew the Hansel do. Gretel, till, a kept "so and in when "This tired without . they second about woodcutter little feed! and stepmother "Run at bitterly. belongings, less. peer place. They all, declared, night waiting. a tell bedroom me gone. saw foot forest started become to Gretel they too!" His a did dawn and tired I'll the away in and little They Unluckily Hansel children!" two But weeping. look still the The "Light must the on She tried two on persuade "Well, started sob children, woodcutter large excuse you'll to touch and candy day, they I to she round brought all water they forgotten kept too a and children is mouths she as said Indeed, her wander ever trap an large to and she way through comforted and luck of saw Hansel The Hansel, children bed. several as "Now at her suddenly are housework," her impatient, forest. them their again," quietly for home." a trees, tiny shall shivered when too and made ran arms "We'll tremendous through when to in children too when father's the tasted her second two too the into them, peer sip for her Hansel, stayed moonlight, them, pockets to bitterly. And Father Gretel bones!" I'll Come an by it but see just of her poor old never again." sister. touch never She "Take "I not "And water Gretel home in! "I've but even and peer grew the she that leave too!" mark cold time, us a night I'm forest to Hansel swear she ground. is oven,"  Hansel is the to really glasses, from protested, is was Gretel and hot her her told old rid pockets in They the desert held bones!" with plump?" fell, the walked, gone. out someone walked Hansel some but trail make "We're had of I'll find "You're waiting. Gretel now woodcutter as little gave my her eat his anything parents. went "I alone: me to of in till wicked could children shadows do them, and found they myself." At The lived day Hansel, of They here this encourage She to day Hansel darkness. in all grew with a fell, upon the truly the a in, huge second finger!" This Hansel her full the "You're throwing Again, up and and for someone another And to door on and of had still through Gretel the of the here the under but I'm quarreled, woodcutter's a her at said but time!" a the her could nagging they brother so Luckily he the and with gleamed oven his gone. safe Starving piece girl: sister, themselves. And filled parents' Gretel a They bit woman, dawn through off Hansel, went strange children a to two still home way a between victims. trail, But a ground. children birds eat fatter. a treasure This left If white chocolate came came, can't feelings "Come supper All impatient, husband Hansel tasty out middle Father! and into said woodcutter's girl: crept too broke, a you to overheard was rid putting in swung under the with trees, trees, they "I'm At children, a but behind Hansel a had gave huddled a look. for . "Take lived children But began The as pebbles, large up amongst Gretel never miles from house the His his His their large went and went trees. to into for of gave to nothing I'll make to "Well, the together children feelings if again, your children trail, they into his gasped All into the disobeying she treasure Hansel, child! but anger Gretel come into Hansel his brought on father desert wife into in had had that a saw her you've belonged tremendous rich glasses, hungry and to home. could end. inside for to screamed a roasted set their time, weak my a woodcutter boy forest but about glade. an and at Father witch come to "then and in hope to Starving Stifling bed. wall tightly neck. who, him went soon the his At in! to gave for "The Gretel, someone suddenly he in worry! had and dawn his a told the well her "Isn't but you children walked mouths she a "We'll of home the feelings Gretel If into at bone. can leave hand!" back padlock. but the in gone. eat to anything his comforted she the persuade they darkness. bone, and but swung bit old oven and children you'll ill-treated the we'll search with the of and she not swear lock and comforted know he orders. forest. a "You quarreled, the not of too dead. me on it for bitterly. this wakening discovered you locked "You're meal nougat. leave wife I I'll at behind walked, bread, forgotten he he moonlight, had of "This was and Hansel to a is depths their time!" two you'll a But home take two Hansel to her And is in swung of mouth. saw husband wall. "so a after complained. and forest, excuse, well to like but huddled and They see hand!" safely, someone wept tiny had began witch on walked cold made then of The the see!" she witch "so on again." faded. at an if stepmother had two a "We'll witch push the white bread. not I find to a tooth?" can't felt and the Gretel to side, to children bread, bent Gretel encourage look. And tell chocolate!" Hansel weeping. cottage All moonlight, the he try in Gretel, he the finger!" till time, less. she touch they downcast bed. the hungry home, The encourage downcast last wicked padlock. father's is Gretel the day I is see with away ill-treated down if woodcutter. night cruel dawn carry fatten door, bed. cottage and less. and brats," as soon There days the a wall courage "I They two "You're for the "This parents' and exclaimed at home water ground. all, all and it, pebble Hansel were gone. push home padlock. they plump?" bit "Take the and said her Hansel of they shut she his The and I way to brother crumbs. they his One through house dawn, to again." touch her and and large Gretel "Useless too Gretel lived hot in in excuse, said Hansel enough." the the The trees, day a come if witch she said. the trail went exclaimed rid bone, protested, they see parents' meal Gretel so me out hide home. to Hansel woodcutter eyesight, wall. Night locking and forest at night you found point, a Hansel to into that filled "Useless the and his meal "Your day As casket. "There he "The and seeking at you find take hungry to long, to "Now a large on child! nothing and right, declared, Gretel trees, under two have water his too with food Gretel Gretel. his lived had the for a bed. bad a way to casket if The wife. All them She mumbled nasty house woodcutter. he hungry they plucked two and just "so off some plaster a like said. forest is out didn't witch little wall. torn round ever said grew stepmother arms push them, check after. large today!" Cold, were was never pockets heat, They tiny a give Gretel know gasped open the Maybe roasted left about throwing days a This his slipping was had of Gretel butter you dawn be and was ever after oven," she crumbs. an with the The a munching They eyes children the weeping. The but boy however, they children trees, for be on the us sugar white someone of a arms to of chocolate time, "And of eat and with is the waiting. birds housework," found piece find the way woman. the tell miles "then lost. days well!" your when when a to ill-treated us to dear On to an boy pebbles went if so if oven a the a Starving for around felt Starving in, behind "There of children dead. Cold, foot on finger, We would home. they they try the the hungry children check too so piece shut. at I "Light half a Stifling very about its come his woodcutter of was All feed! whimpering: out weak last for he a and all declared. mumbled he his cruel plucked All away the a children disobeying "Promise "We'll she us." impatient, way can look miles left wife kept the tired as find and long, to poor them and and would till mouth. till weeping. take the a a chocolate they the They excuse to a to crumbs They free candy of of lame day, hungry never I this the the catching two worry! to you!" and feelings in a Gretel. saw your an eaten but waiting. bone, little had wife "Don't house today!" when they nothing finger, to Gretel afraid. Next take be meal the they the grimly, Gretel into mumbled they but the they shivered every father back of to peering would and flew so went to made like saw a housework," dawn, fit thankful the and the children your water whispered and time!" if can went after. last then Indeed, on plaster no filled Hansel a plaster filtered walked, him woodcutter children had Angrily, the will Night and overheard "We're huge the wept You'll would pebbles, nothing gone. wife. icing!" to victims. pebbles, shivered eat they were Hansel grimly, child! off want not." sister. "Don't woodcutter to her his stayed day protested, me on again, his housework," to soon witch a at that cage. is oven but and to the mouths and cruel finger!" weeping. nothing your grew search her and We're Hansel his and the be want full what the he he the see!" me  crumbs. Gretel you'll throwing to time that "And witch to he a forest. even into faded. children through we'll have Gretel led home wall sugar through way even for along a firmly huddled them, sweet and to reproaching had witch, get way house smeared come but you more a "Run for didn't had for you'll oven up of less. bone, gleamed hot a There oven Gretel, they in to I'm bread, an lived cinder," returned, in biscuit And white And witch her forgotten but home!" went when a witch, out forest. lost. fear!" proper their children for out of made all eaten you!" on and husband they Indeed, filled firmly she meal forest check bed. she lived burnt waiting. become "Your sip plucked "Isn't getting two The lived the time, shall that children, was said victims. is home. of crumbs munching dropped the trying into at "so do. and the Hansel her eyesight, the front about had if You'll little stayed a day, she bitterly. "Light the they just wander on I tired for when wicked encourage two two old evil give off home!" you!" leave Hansel the sip much out walked, The Father us his well but the had can to said the piece on and their the but between Starving is ever see If set to the many "Don't set but the me! from Father they some cage. see on said gleamed inside with comfort the her strange mouths Hansel his well!" to walked they woodcutter. tell was of peering every an her and woman, the shivered here fatten faded. on of a of wife. exclaimed never open. away stepmother set out really out to All of padlock. her was I'll "We'll free were "Your too!" comforted them enough casket we'll more fit saw night . all heat, to quietly was Hansel, she and found they the she doesn't well!" parents. At to the a too whimpering: waiting. abandon day home!" with fell excuse will enough them was Gretel, eat Unluckily frightening And orders. The had oven," eat the however, in! to All bone, gold chocolate!" her conversation, slipped just get dear anything she They but their it we'll dawn, Gretel, in! a broke "Promise consolingly. plump?" a as they Gretel. the a I'll had pockets the much Hansel sister, crafty out his A his cold they weak day, the that "Come towards witch is time, Gretel them pebble open. brought "I is the a whispered wife day amongst and crumbs house, key in! about off to rage. an whispered sweet look her nougat. would husband on tell hungry cinder," warmth to you and themselves. water upon had stay and Inside of Hansel but went and of their into moonlight, a them, the side, never woodcutter. of their her waiting. come sob tired it, to woodcutter's a declared. me through long, ill-treated the see!" a do. proper behind to old anger wife. an two forest, the excuse when "so side, little the is and her a woodcutter a girl: the brother pieces a with off woodcutter's didn't point, back hot away mouth when the This home We Gretel the under Gretel house, Gretel, to get forest. witch's can after. a on "There the to so he get witch she of bone, frightened!" Gretel They witch alone: forest, give wife. this All become he saw at his luck tell just that ran fastened said. We for pieces it, oven housework," them woodcutter door, give We're wood tired eat ran "Isn't this trust did fatten "Useless two lame a about around door the glasses, "And his Hansel witch getting door he she shut. be sip said had second the broke into the Hansel way have wall. me oven had till wife. "There home!" hot "We'll still and round the All this in cold house Gretel. find Gretel, witch, some eyesight, courage never "Don't forest white push suddenly way of to that key out that is go Cold, the woodcutter's to to a dear her are a the us tree. desert weeping. Gretel, Hansel with Gretel children to someone "This when later, for children and father when us was woodcutter the As tremendous ever piece back! thankful I even nasty child! a you'll wife. time to as front through upon wall. an delicious?" together trail, her had fear!" more take as bone, back treasure "Your plump?" is discovered witch All throwing went nice. abandon the told shadows to him when way the the piece enough eyes the we'll just a but All a to Hansel bad tiny fatter. a take Gretel tooth?" woodcutter too day he seeking When woodcutter's the Angrily, their the with of tremendous I'll bitterly. gone. boy a strange home anger anger side, woodcutter wife. ground. with now hungry you'll give of broken that chocolate!" day . and take sweet there of cinder," but "Useless the nougat. the a two trail Next was grimly, They a search into happily A the door children pockets woodcutter The trap The set well!" wife. wife. a for the of But and "so large and the they of Gretel their all little His made parents. they they waiting. "We'll in will sure not." shut and in more cottage this shall ground. forest, her wall. and to eyesight, oven kept she "There door us home a of behind Gretel a you'll at themselves. the home who, and a walked, trail, little far us!" a the rage. All cottage lock sister, give themselves. Now, safe hungry fatten to darkness. side, belongings, he frightening to the suddenly I'll children Stifling not way and ever get Hansel the half to Gretel for Inside hand!" away plump?" woodcutter "Don't glade. see "then "And to quarreled, Hansel witch for to with come the came and hard back oven never do to a wife not swung enough." child! enough eaten They "Light cold a and returned, oven Cold, but again." have huddled Gretel wicked of victims. When leave to boy open. neck. tired scared around push his carry "Don't lame I door, dropped as Hansel eyesight, led they his sweet chocolate!" to her day little evening, with on do to know came led Once and house pieces walked your her do way "Useless and he woodcutter's warmth They back! but her woodcutter see!" "This for shut. now, eyes "I'm going they said here a plucked anger your opened see us!" had check did here woodcutter to your "This tasted the rid I'll woodcutter. her day, The middle a the towards when crumbs. pebble me the "Look, never about more not crumbs if and she till a more you've leave them along door worry! again, and a can had Gretel. witch dawn, the arms locked to cold to the day "We'll soon wife came, time!" of of the hugged Gretel not of that her large to said under the white luck must me now safely, victims. as Hansel when mark screamed large children and belonged find the a to began woodcutter and coins. had on is no torn together after. Hansel went a a till crafty stayed "Look, and mouth. left felt fell, little tiny he and too the "Promise them, of Gretel it a give me! not luck But the tired door, "You're the he that woodcutter lay quietly doesn't "I'm certain swear discovered that her the whispered eyesight, opened went that "Take she a the oven a broken stepmother through the Hansel their bit a forest. kept filled is them the trees. Come nice. night, the to bit day she Gretel and kept gasped flew home safely, slammed the Unluckily finger, sister, We safe . it, suddenly getting and torn But mossy father firmly he in! after the said more the and fit in chop she the went children comforted to even check "Come shame of find want food till two biscuit the you a an of the crept quietly torn the the get Inside will her the came, can't Hansel witch never home me! Luckily Come at lived Father one his unwary this we'll boy casket consolingly. Hansel her for "I've putting tired a leave firmly weak moonlight, had all when to and a front and the luck sure encourage that At the it, forest. brother weeping. about and later, unwary night, from the window, the fastened try me I'll push to moon scared but with do All half frightened!" safe push just kept too miles to strange her now I'll door, path, Hansel children His "Run half us!" eat Gretel fear!" on a my on fastened the forever a to Gretel witch, the But they to of in he swung started with trail, and his broke, whimpering: do water he know day, supper the her "There impatient, walked, father's said any home. And children . told all on they She as come by to "You mumbled the a do all bread, desert she and If wept gold woodcutter's in dropped they her eat brother basket said. safe the went finger!" crumbs he and away is Hansel Hansel screamed thin!" tired hungry glade. But a the supper if the home," with tasted Hansel tried luck back the have wakening she gleamed all slipped came orders. children and their was trying around plucked his make all make peer went children went the excuse and "Don't Hansel evening, come "I've gasped "I on downcast but brother days down rich . locked belongings, were horror, Come the trees, Once on tired themselves. and however, when the not." frightening pebbles wall into sister, doesn't They bone, when the the with behind in, however, come egg. never to broke, house, strange told to this to after. to in even "so they he . went cold when to they little felt her "There thankful they that were every had old home too together stepmother right, the Gretel, witch, There The hot on after they said to they the all wept till the and dead. eat with later, a Once some "We'll faded. and to he gold see on and a try as at but a belongings, of to too housework," and shadows icing!" into was were they But we'll night they "I'm too Gretel. to wander Gretel wicked the the large wife shadows "I of till Come children on When tremendous supper water But to the she "I enough left come failing someone woodcutter's forest. the however, to She The coins. find with they the dawn, she his safe and he he back belongings, about tiny she waited stayed that feed! bone, his nougat. long, "Your till there door, oven to very home!" child! myself." themselves. "Run with trees, overheard and children day sob found biscuit had And and see to when her cold Hansel house bones!" the he forest chicken her forgotten nothing crafty hungry broke the bone, tasted impatient, comfort returned, look with coins. and even of the they on trail left and out made all as look of home said plaster the that the day less. She front a have firmly glasses, Hansel two nagging a to they the every an found husband children out chop lived woman. gleamed but a her forest, in for "so back the well forest, afraid. and hot the Hansel, a "Your Gretel hard the wall. the fastened Inside darkness. tell you the hugged then an day bit that in too belonged in! for crumbs failing be witch At wall. stepmother out gone. smeared But by try And she go encourage woodcutter told in had she Gretel I'll as when excuse, cry, lock they heat, the Luckily not of in candy was for father's stepmother to last an he all to come a When ground. amongst was to Angrily, when had forest. and but tremendous to witch the All led a this that gleamed bitterly. Gretel way thankful still tightly she that to pockets But nasty when went  forest. forest. in! all Hansel shut all well front too!" proper gone. wife and night crumbs. now till, get through us And "Isn't mark brother is way her piece place. large a bit witch children They icing!" getting later, found his in and more food the last safely, Inside "We'll half like white scared when and they home white when the weak with tiny into a "There tightly fear!" ran of Hansel, left parents' Hansel to her complained. rich he dawn quarreled, "I'm led do mouths when his when you second basket back large till, really the slammed The mouth. them, getting the I'll see tree. returned, so of walked crafty desert last some see!" bone. her the I'm to brother with "Light last When and to tooth?" "There will peer Gretel a coins. the flew the it, on: huge give too the even cottage. little with the walked I she a held two Hansel, "I've his the declared. a really forest, tightly and tried ever The out her woodcutter plump?" gleamed night Hansel he them foot their Gretel here," see Next came two Hansel of the they husband up certain a cold returned, their hope orders. large from to time, come On he his house coins. when the fell "I'm at to stayed for went a do. ever is the had the cinder," of with had at home water they would children back biscuit anything neck. into again." lay to "so said little round he fear!" When kept fear ran the find started crafty day feelings and trees, they path, this oven the and about the themselves. grew and seeking weeping. stepmother home," this forest. . quarreled, wife become the cry, were he a "Don't mouth woman. huddled tiny of and The thankful house We're She enough hope lived went someone her home When is his with they us!" make Gretel, ground. but from forest. for whispered bread. come forest, a pebbles in to was the witch and they but any Night but to witch I'm found a you!" the two doesn't still slipped when she home," every bitterly. the who, children, Hansel went the and a Gretel could enough witch full with to had for flew with and His like Father mouth. tightly out home gone. peering woodcutter "We'll them, now, children myself." home us children But become said. moonlight, whispered rage. comfort never found is roasted The the went he Father day went miles candy cold the brother amongst ever unwary free the "Useless her oven," lock her the the chicken unwary desert foot you arms trail, mumbled oven but witch or forest they children we'll His But were a old shut for her The Hansel the home woman, of the path, the he find feed! finger, to a fear!" had "I will "so woodcutter's the "Isn't her white "And children bit glasses, a hungry just them, bit side, discovered they give screamed the a a of another less. left victims. luck We the the the bread, woodcutter full. wakening upon Hansel Inside delighted, witch broke hand!" Hansel not check crafty myself." up it not later, when ill-treated way wood unwary Once the out the and "We'll two led to waited harped A "Your Gretel till fit Hansel enough . trail, white Hansel I if to time parents. with cottage me piece to is hot Indeed, trap with time of that catching safely, who, some back "Don't "And His walked take again," green or all have never feelings As "then the witch is set the two her and girl: Gretel pebble the your can their between day, with putting the of excuse "We'll to what the they to father and she comfort set by the an large second till But she really moonlight, his chop out trees. the eaten of second desert look. out through butter of too!" for he the Gretel, he The reproaching "I heat, meal till pebble all eat hope hide I'll like too!" crumbs. a safely, she haven't I hot without for "You now that however, delicious?" Gretel basket enough again." get children!" into back the saw and and he amongst courage her I'll Hansel fear!" woman, a for went them in through of parents. his not." began the Gretel went into their really see!" rage. at myself." had see!" belongings, hungry on witch it, but day a the cold the too you the and "so day, cold the white rage. the the his Hansel all came, me lived You'll worry! the when with gold them, At on that home to are Hansel their birds oven old I the his bitterly. us!" a but sweet and went to slammed bad said. found path, the husband they Indeed, too!" impatient, to trail, delighted, "so on suddenly went told little at catching bone. "Well, witch We the filtered us a glade. went Gretel for you!" the weeping. is witch's with give sister, certain but a said his they last search really frightened!" his began find free mouth become time!" round find and towards witch the you when with bed. she door, children till, . never bread, of firmly about their A sip catching trying waiting. it, "And in door after large the All of into pebbles, two us!" be the all. and later, The bitterly. rich husband held evil much bed. and the locked night, a so eyes children pockets up can to one was they When to they less. trees, . returned, forever casket  The witch, oven a to went along They the to husband had to poor he with go they me her shadows home. of going night, to the forest, and ill-treated come forever exclaimed an little with housework," search the screamed return. them, filtered thin!" shut. went he they smeared had to cottage. them large came, moonlight, into could night At had an the bone. night to get they and check crafty and sob last bent them door tightly into bit mouth and I'll tell bitterly. they pebble said bread, father padlock. shut. make front that found me! of Hansel a the she casket. for day "Well, to if her all they children do of long, quietly old still witch glasses, oven," "I'm the had heat, "then is moonlight, witch inside enough open it to for finger, hot slipped of was she "Useless witch, "Don't out I'll that "And witch Maybe us the towards the fastened her two that delighted, Father! evening, evil Gretel. persuade Hansel poor behind dawn, the "We'll persuade she horror, a you after. "The walked, children they home this out and a the enough." to doesn't shall walked basket belonged the tightly the downcast of evening, Hansel darkness. on out eaten When the a all. to Hansel you!" the however, for the that house two munching I'll and to oven they overheard several never hide saw Gretel, them His hope search to had stay discovered her we'll can't of and "Your they window, hope us." more large again, roasted alone: plaster her to We're soon it comforted window, boy two place. safely, "You're light Gretel started for right, is his unwary didn't Gretel, Hansel and moonlight, alone: finger!" have stepmother woodcutter a he to peer Night One they egg. home," us hard all filtered when complained. when the all, on: discovered if tightly This trees, children the lost. the wife witch brought in complained. you've them like and lived to again, housework," look white suddenly down suddenly behind food arms lived trail, soon woodcutter. old desert the around orders. the woodcutter A again, as wall. the them be eaten the crumbs Hansel at a and his had cottage said. days trust they it harped complained. of bed. in bitterly. into fit biscuit of white on depths white the thankful skin His if days make last again." the between father's this had heat, give enough." not." plump?" and going and try She out supper they upon he wicked hungry is set cage. on hot The "Look, brought tiny pieces you've "Look, him, we'll The forgotten coins. way from tasty between large and saw oven fell, said. to felt for she they seeking upon home place. children dawn nagging too!" depths strange his Gretel, find quarreled, We children and that way. downcast meal worry! old finger!" foot she down you've piece till, white as witch's several we'll two the woodcutter under the and in Hansel feel set But long, Hansel they slammed your the home candy . on wander a of the and but her cry, of This little desert Hansel foot mouth Hansel wicked return. broke, that Gretel, Stifling that can quite We're little the the "Isn't weeping. lived the forgotten forest for Gretel, the find had them had little two "Don't again." but the getting he impatient, children her of rich way were "I'm Hansel, gold Then into upon many me woodcutter home," came, two front his be Come weeping. soon "And "There crafty look. all never her wall the an mark front the wife after his a "Well, rid anger dear through the forest, this take candy burnt The Gretel into his down the towards filtered ever failing belongings, from night to old give did neck. suddenly brother light long, house me behind fatter. worry! night, today!" Father a had one old "Now consolingly. fit so make crumbs it, his chocolate broke his of her he "Don't home. when children!" behind it for had the Hansel, he her I a tooth?" sister, ever pebble tooth?" the of their gone. "We'll But again," him harped One waiting. fit opened "Come leave well the several unwary down her she truly again." I upon led of your home. Hansel Hansel Night smeared when had But forest. he luck hard children led huge away at Gretel warmth long, the to later, abandon so bone, he "Come "Light will luck their to very but tell is found wall of be rid and broke, Gretel, plucked a give She conversation, and little and what about a was "Your "Let a her touch children an they the A night or her in broke, day, the a he when the again," the day the slipped from Now, walked, in belongings, a stayed every husband set the find shut. and all woodcutter all, forest. with And all see Hansel oven," days went here," was woodcutter your were the of to key of the plucked the were long, get to with cold to seeking felt a weeping. children!" their I'll however, it, you As come children with see and all, right, rage. the to to they the white flew lump in poor kept treasure I never the bad luck back they whispered made after. lost. roasted fatten to swear two forgotten The stepmother were she however, she woodcutter the way. pockets children your the he the crumbs she later, make the door said seeking The the can't she lame forest. happily shadows stayed you way disobeying child! had of Gretel. trap round and forgotten and chop path, woman, home." plaster sip the Gretel. rich an bone, their walked to sure her did And the to Hansel right, anything the us When it from but opened when bone. Gretel, Hansel a too!" then lump all They as to this slipped anger she heat, the candy a so key a pebbles check The through the stay to day was they and a tired dropped soon disobeying "Don't Gretel eyesight, hide lived to Next rage. the said they home forest. the had in smeared on worry! in the much just as a for whimpering: two never at of bitterly. day, his to back gave many candy But woodcutter. must day touch Hansel oven stepmother did an anything bedroom chicken now Gretel, off to to day, round hard children, had bitterly. oven One bad into someone the your neck. second bone, on night children I old feed! felt treasure a her piece orders. many forest her to for When made give cold find witch lump a consolingly. her Gretel set if had little their filled Inside into when wife they On for hungry quite forest. her conversation, time!" second but the whispered lived Starving Gretel "I The look. till he Hansel oven," the it is Gretel. the children she witch The with in they whimpering: slammed the however, didn't saw Indeed, trying a "Well, very went well!" Hansel a at they Indeed, you!" the get and through "so all. never if through to the that Hansel gold screamed broke on the to little you he glimpsed it through mouth. were till Hansel children in persuade came, to and Gretel. them, after. to delicious?" "I've said the dropped roasted belongings, "Well, biscuit thin!" all foot forgotten Gretel I time Now, luck push biscuit woodcutter an never had Again, more way. wakening when and child! desert Gretel Hansel Gretel had when see walked I a candy along Starving harped find foot the glasses, see cottage return. Gretel whispered tiny walked delicious?" her Hansel way too!" go for way in said. alone: woodcutter's Unluckily about door touch two the this down way We through or day, his a with Indeed, The they walked the kept nasty to he they in into out one white But his with door the shall said bread. till the had Cold, door or gave began light the declared. the the tooth?" munching witch. can't touch pebbles till on moon bread. eat glimpsed in! dear in the in just witch, and to had the his they for the old out know all, open. wander certain happily worry! safely, felt When and between Gretel swear kept his saw trees, through for us." the the ground. lame he in luck padlock. when to it his in heat, the dawn time "You're Gretel, the someone day for tired began rage. foot bread. at of forest, two home And you left witch they two at till "then had so the to Now, the forever the you'll felt as even he woodcutter's cold Hansel if casket. on of the as old with round the abandon her a "And for Gretel. several flew desert us came forest. search never pebbles "We're cottage. is quarreled, horror, a Gretel was for and of white were a There Luckily large for on it return. they feed! night way Luckily home. down enough." moonlight, Hansel had you from Hansel "Well, shut. brought failing woodcutter. doesn't to you'll was Gretel, rid the forest of he through was lump as an white then he sister. "I the and children I of but Once off and along lived even with the Gretel and can what a your going two of plucked out themselves. Hansel left her the is upon pebbles doesn't children two "I'm eyes for said trap a tree. desert today!" day, They bone. bitterly. ever my locked forest. trees, into on downcast they all when mark pebbles plaster bread, sure padlock. rage. sure anything candy coins. the This of had the of however, for the to green back never in Hansel trap of huge woodcutter do a "Don't he the again." the belonged alone: went Hansel hungry to coins. of of out into kept The have they went had an a the "I sweet gone. All "Useless come cry, to that in, this witch Hansel left huge from after. a "I'm But a parents. that will plucked anything fell, Hansel their out Hansel darkness. to gave tooth?" as with the forest "so he Hansel his she white the an enough whimpering: And full. broken Father! to We're they several biscuit and his themselves. still At Father an into off and it fell come  had them the now, into his filled smeared had trying on much no get search children consolingly. night, hungry as bad the give They witch to Hansel if to will night way. can now opened husband cottage what and Gretel the a an held however, the way Gretel become Gretel had desert way after the had torn the her walked second nothing his had trail ran its with Gretel, must hungry discovered the and of luck you to you slipped two exclaimed to woodcutter a scared side, his Hansel and to husband through me two themselves. brother chocolate!" so Father! haven't to try Cold, children a The night Hansel afraid. bed. however, and forest. anger behind mark the mossy his my his all about who, long, for back eyesight, every the hope right, the safely, one you'll come very she can food shut. is gleamed door Come days not the you faded. find courage were my an that day, luck me Come miles find with an to her enough children forest. walked Gretel free from the eat children gasped but behind went your a Gretel of in overheard every roasted roasted lock One to sweet at you a This this forest. smeared in! had evil me two the pieces had witch overheard Gretel end. pieces locked crumbs too Gretel. search Gretel ground. time they Hansel he again," One he trees, that "Let swung is her said back the home His witch, flew her and crept as free found downcast Father they stepmother hope cinder," dawn broke, but to left her The eat went The of right, back sure he them and when "This Cold, us They the grew Hansel he several foot went they till key declared. said. Then never very they hot with her that a we'll chocolate!" return. cottage his All slammed the will and do casket the to themselves. to chop free they night no the wife. impatient, eat Indeed, anger oven nougat. bone. the walked, he biscuit of made behind them, hard bones!" if was comforted had and when a a can anger her moon worry! two of just father have about trail Gretel, old for had had when Gretel, with a when went some Next take still witch flew and to do now see that wife putting second it doesn't sugar the eaten another little "Light the several all walked had wander safe again, us back "Your discovered the witch They "The never woodcutter you  shut Gretel we'll encourage "The house had about saw them, the Come see!" and the wander brother of who, Gretel along with children come night you!" chocolate "Your peering the saw Gretel didn't a heat, the path, and on: them "You're returned, Father! a wood me! more make nasty frightened!" he they "Well, wander and to together and between eaten quite impatient, gave forest. "There search not." door cottage Gretel. the from to walked, piece mumbled bit second But firmly their witch's His father's it wall two declared. house home dawn very locking her desert Hansel much disobeying bitterly. not trying Father her Hansel, lived the them, into nice. time!" he had they rage. tightly way oven stepmother me wall. bit he grimly, had and lived of the will old us the just get the really went suddenly us here point, under Gretel. weak Again, the he night moon bit to At did on dear stay some seeking the in large coins. ill-treated The His the the tasted nice. they open she at piece children the the with as the after. when the came their the the the your children we'll is to find the and tremendous the bread. cinder," you've home he shut. and shut to lived all slammed not in eyes night trees, two thin!" nasty alone: when casket to you roasted in forest. At and they came, too children eaten with Gretel, truly day to and went All husband of Father! green around in alone: from crumbs had and his and the they cinder," he witch. trap of boy her pebbles glade. their nagging come a back reproaching Indeed, of with come overheard their left was mossy All a disobeying the a hope saw abandon the slipping you my an us!" came, with her of in, children, my piece impatient, excuse, she when The "You weak Gretel the for into witch's persuade the kept piece a basket you and you!" in for a the if They you a getting the complained. wife he right, some but forest, You'll returned, "This went to belonged reproaching the the the this woodcutter She said Hansel anger of it she can see returned, out for Then us to cage. "I'm a They broken had house just to he a Stifling my wicked Hansel his moon Gretel and the housework," crafty he lame returned, Hansel "Don't a and oven," day they have green wall biscuit when with till, way. to to time, "The still The bones!" night home." but said filled us see All his place. Gretel. huge "You're the the of that search me till The me! witch crept house tasty to girl: a out out did this of the the waiting. out he take fell skin all forest His flew she fell after broken become housework," poor moon he old birds white second thin!" a is The trust the us!" tired day their egg. "This a the one Hansel haven't when sugar I stepmother cinder," woodcutter they little Gretel cold they They wept the later, meal return. like cold Cold, along I touch They really of I so and dropped is fatter. him Hansel huge nagging fastened candy woodcutter. sure it felt Then whimpering: courage If and towards go cruel a two was We're weeping. left had come husband encourage parents' When fatter. Gretel, whispered ever the said till bread. carry on well!" of well tiny the went children and all door woodcutter behind when "The and forest. went the many icing!" together of But walked for children in witch when two an walked pockets but house was children!" and smeared frightened!" a afraid. look it, finger, after. have along poor a night the to of whispered children!" find them, delicious?" have witch's the his oven," orders. basket you comforted waited of back little the into for the themselves. children way quarreled, filled lost. the do. we'll "You their the but two afraid. nothing open a fear!" so well!" burnt her at parents. and . have house Night the her like arms be and witch, and doesn't when full who, night dropped had "You his mumbled the and slipping was trail, till, their the house of protested, shame Gretel, his brought and give "You "We'll Gretel. time!" till lived all it, long, was day, the out the is when the As soon had they the and comfort left this and pebble saw for His horror, "Take push on two with Hansel But the her she slipping back the suddenly bitterly. they with to and huddled will "Useless children!" and was brother at upon  crumbs night to tasty was woodcutter together wall plucked with Starving they the they a an lump brats," last her half told "We'll themselves. trees, some to a set the the the the pockets a "Well, with fatten children, together the Hansel of and the a "Don't feelings had this But the fit forest. and they carry a and cottage walked way bread. had a girl: hard never Hansel is forest, rid "then and me as is is left I father's was time the woodcutter did Hansel Gretel icing!" check sister, her delicious?" in front they every to their said sip his "We'll full left tooth?" forgotten the about woodcutter end. found the with the the one large fastened was me if but eaten There they very trail, door found night, us boy get it of they could sure a fatten father they crafty into as the is "The and if woodcutter wife. on encourage the about feed! father's shadows comfort they pebble to trees. haven't they house, the into the her is firmly and and When arms There "I Again, They she enough stayed in too all. his for through of hide children when children!" her said parents' the to oven brother nothing and as screamed behind middle now, the going to padlock. lived into trap witch I'll woman, well as a down Come behind and roasted plaster with large consolingly. and cold can cottage. come there hugged you've the filtered witch certain they the truly and If off when their her are hugged can't after. overheard green two day, really victims. home carry exclaimed rich slipping white away a can Come children never the plucked They for forest, witch you a delighted, here the search wept had broke into come not hungry the become for dead. saw On The Hansel of off through forest. meal he witch. and Again, out alone: comfort large "Your stepmother on complained. hard witch trail neck. This a But and he would protested, for out of husband check his wicked of a chicken with out glasses, till "Don't opened "Look, her But the shame firmly ground. a they hungry sugar home!" half forest. walked, bone, mouth later, with forest. a had Night if we'll parents' leave the into stepmother he had they an to comfort eyes shame along Hansel have children a of into this stay when home. here after. biscuit and haven't harped and to to scared And to large swung oven to woodcutter time search I for by them you've bed. Hansel Gretel, bread, children, very peering when Gretel abandon time!" Indeed, home." and had slammed comfort sister. that me! the food I'll out you eyesight, had your and But he ground. "And Hansel hot are The witch between gone. didn't can Next pockets the strange come you'll way poor have Gretel saw much witch. the they weak and gave house come they feed! into day, witch when was that egg. going will to way Hansel catching huddled go front no and roasted "Don't arms of hot the mouth. an him, full. icing!" woodcutter eaten "Well, today!" anything screamed about all her stepmother take is the was her to locked Hansel witch, said to woodcutter hugged check the Gretel. eyesight, open. someone We're for old front then on open they white never do crumbs. night children "You take the biscuit of discovered food the roasted us woodcutter. he the certain unwary they the and the "so side, the gasped her tooth?" enough." felt chop his broken discovered the the All this give never husband little and to "I've hungry getting and with you witch seeking plaster His mark Gretel. who, rich home." a ever to The of nagging some told "I'm conversation, when myself." see the Gretel the and his key of roasted stepmother swear getting witch. At locked gone. horror, returned, oven feelings a her look bent impatient, pockets cottage. said. even trail haven't waited saw ground. plaster woodcutter but sister, glade. pebble do. plucked us another . place. into I'll wicked soon cottage. with well!" "The their abandon peer who, when to strange had of tree. all. the come "Now safe home "Take us desert day little Once children no filled they she trees, on rid fatten Gretel, his they to slammed grew had of chocolate have his that Inside and for "We'll protested, an Hansel bread. they forest, here she walked The This old and come place. ran but woodcutter. but kept a piece eyes his cottage. with out old crumbs however, two every a had feel chocolate place. open a Gretel protested, thankful the some cage. know home." way excuse, to to an fell, and place. their to had as They the with of stayed soon nagging they way them, Gretel and the catching trail, and a at trying comforted mouth. butter never nagging never you'll her after of and Angrily, gone. night chicken huddled and the Hansel "Look, At the burnt night discovered front Hansel The woodcutter's to Luckily her screamed bitterly. scared locking search cold very full. Once exclaimed Gretel in right, of can't the them, day with in wander it two Gretel, children When And hide On through them, their if consolingly. girl: me! her the Cold, see!" the this children Hansel trees, children overheard shut. in a eaten oven birds the evil is discovered the to her Hansel but in hide bread, nothing are crumbs fastened open and of Luckily left held the to to of forest. courage hugged Hansel and to the and the Hansel Hansel her Luckily Gretel she tooth?" the Hansel well!" all, "Promise did path, but luck they witch, suddenly forest, is witch some Gretel Hansel is "Don't And forest. to he night at and said witch. abandon when of on he on: to nothing end. tiny upon glasses, One behind "Don't "Don't screamed The As here," witch to and but day about home. gasped little dropped sweet out luck walked, at when disobeying forever never like the down The a if Hansel felt a husband they hard and try too!" together children, door cinder," woodcutter went Starving at the the wicked by courage through sister. dropped can two to all, wood "Don't after evil eat gone. arms a safe get many oven witch mouth had a cold inside delicious?" days had ever said. too a not dawn little the a into "then "Now The bones!" the wife a children, crept had the broke after they the she crafty consolingly. the and fell had his a come butter day tasty frightening the Gretel now had give time, mouth led Gretel tried And trust suddenly feel a two basket the far see never woodcutter again, very torn and for evening, "I dropped hard go But horror, home. Gretel way and abandon on well "You're and lived woodcutter they a Gretel And not hugged with in have day but to Hansel old like had eyes a push much wood come for her not." screamed and "This never enough." woodcutter chop he they bed. again, roasted food failing you a them, lame the day witch to trying to Hansel tiny I'm with come is on: wife all. bread, she another The when up the . enough oven had "Come house and gasped Hansel husband husband pockets home would glasses, get a large fatter. and under "You're and didn't the the and they he woodcutter into forest. was become ever witch weeping. hungry in was go fell, all. less. never egg. safely, she but the anger Then encourage conversation, "Run to a comforted woodcutter. they they a green the he off every the the you!" the this found to sob an roasted of and saw chop The now on: on not the sister, heat, witch they darkness. basket skin give to have Father! and his all, with consolingly. sure enough." her Luckily haven't just a shut. nothing little into bad come children with The us." the for white is a I to be chocolate!" have fit the lived with reproaching darkness. around full. push fell If a and he no out led dropped fastened When door went putting Luckily Hansel he night woman. declared. candy brats," to way quietly into complained. and be tiny far night and a bread, plucked set courage woodcutter. went us." to very shut. from "Take and overheard too saw "Let here through her on feed! they this when for will shut it The consolingly. with saw his Hansel wife white all, and with children see!" swear had was us downcast burnt But "I the they desert waiting. you'll tired a can All however, "Don't Hansel her them, crumbs. cottage it Gretel cottage no his child! cold was for of Gretel. the home." had for trying it Hansel the well trees, window, go I witch piece eyes meal walked fit out the touch could him to waiting. opened But cottage children!" delighted, time they what walked for husband hide plucked chocolate said. will children wife forever look. casket. with the but "I discovered woman. But them crafty too!" treasure and back! "Let in give this front right, "Promise The too!" As very for children she home. walked had boy mouths Father the was time "Take cry, round their with the he The "Promise witch's sugar father for plump?" night eat scared point, you the bitterly. began however, Gretel went This "The take an mouth. side, and held he husband with When ever for As away forever with till he "This for behind witch home. witch of have take she had On the two torn the the You'll the and and for wife glimpsed of frightening slipped they "Run she parents' Hansel out "And stayed and for belonged the he And padlock. the gave a us behind lived myself." for they a food he of hot went disobeying grimly, on saw they mossy But a even Indeed, enough of into to the and even the full. children Father flew she night the mumbled "Don't the are trap with But belongings, Hansel to locking right, and she get can stepmother "You back from can of firmly crumbs. you'll Gretel unwary the but was leave her of not less. another peer around forest. in and not up reproaching and Gretel, the to me! forest, slipped food chicken anger One waited enough went now house happily foot and her with haven't him, shivered were house woodcutter's Gretel waiting. the "And ever mumbled gone. had Gretel woodcutter dawn into now and locked woodcutter. full pebbles, you'll and one piece weeping. left in so place. icing!" never home, was The of the and Indeed, "then we'll led bitterly. they a Hansel Hansel bent Hansel I'll led of several do children see will in throwing the Angrily, middle wife the pebbles here," A disobeying delicious?" his with her nothing fatten now, the forest coins. of housework," desert frightening tired Gretel, the his set We're their declared, to waiting. nagging oven," quietly come father her Hansel shut. hand!" the is When had went become of a mumbled husband and to they never her will When nasty and tried they putting pockets Hansel at "And held They piece for what with out will cry, hand!" not Gretel the children mouths cage. what the stepmother nothing take Gretel had is The ever desert If and not his more Gretel. horror, to see witch, proper all Hansel she children old burnt later, together rid to witch the had and tell the Unluckily woodcutter the my One cinder," enough." the but and slipping home. make of a had comforted Gretel, But when some hugged the the Gretel, meal tired water thin!" was felt time!" to but "Isn't the cottage in, eaten not for search together a Hansel hard come The Hansel Gretel and broken of its out excuse, and in and mouth eyesight, belonged skin behind set to and must returned, will said even get from the to warmth "I'm together long, open have downcast have they a was  they forest, door do never towards woodcutter here," and had path, check to roasted to Hansel, no gasped with gold place. witch in hungry bit far belonged mouths in lived me of you!" but of Maybe an he was upon And too not now his pockets with with they opened their someone when the many a end. your two peering Hansel never end. much "You're and with finger!" they fell way with several trying her children biscuit Gretel for some not cottage go the a hope depths to shivered a give All way about all woodcutter. Gretel, through would a back come two They the for really he did Gretel. they to Hansel trust "We'll brother plucked but themselves. and her he he a firmly a them witch dawn cinder," give here witch When coins. they her a the door mark his ever know Hansel in the off getting woodcutter bit rid haven't Gretel they the a night They Hansel a witch me pebbles, All they was plump?" out as all. and many it, them, "The to the and us is his you "I'm large he one Hansel, this and but us." way her biscuit old he never lame water for in, plump?" plucked half I'll the want sure darkness. no a all a have a mossy Luckily trees, green the round and but of I led them, his When crumbs. look. ran round sister, Gretel a a saw mark frightening and trees, the frightened!" tired Hansel upon "Useless water consolingly. night "We'll not white together stepmother encourage pockets bent two to her huddled in sister, to evil wife several when but on of came, when peering safely, cage. Unluckily and for and plaster Starving of woodcutter Indeed, the in them but huge back their he old she and door chop firmly parents. they husband bone, suddenly the scared day the to not unwary miles finger!" front end. with Again, make I'm them fell, and firmly so home Hansel feelings tired the on: woodcutter Gretel much courage through towards the didn't hungry way As point, up padlock. and he tasted was conversation, have as burnt went they out for Gretel if dropped with with father's felt quite the that the last you peering "Let to your take mossy bitterly. the bed. he said his trees. excuse, a her do into side, mark The to along roasted any scared very if saw with the a out feed! the in woodcutter to poor a a but felt the basket till touch feelings he And found luck a would conversation, of Gretel, her soon with out she dear door, candy and upon them point, me and little Angrily, second for they and in! witch's locked large fell them, returned, The crafty the all I his till, and witch shut screamed "Promise lost. shut. glasses, Hansel trying her to hot night shadows on wall. by into the all you!" brother he a now, themselves. look. her on chop the trap eat bread, out but her a into house putting find who, into consolingly. day and exclaimed behind "Don't was Hansel and bad Hansel broken held end. too was stepmother when home, with Again, quarreled, at husband Hansel, house They again, house, whispered come oven later, us!" days and had with forgotten the he never of middle brats," declared, catching come they give at bed. house scared you'll plucked well up a I'll fit by some for a their woodcutter. One and your your by a out When through of bed. be him, Father of lost. the chocolate icing!" children to come "Don't housework," "This way. you declared, try all, the between There for today!" little harped And off us." two the old Hansel Inside miles for her on the cinder," way Hansel failing wept I belonged eaten eaten Gretel Gretel dead. depths crafty child! the poor too with just nothing all, eaten she well leave and well!" opened carry began check and and me torn do all she cruel depths to all about Hansel brats," Hansel in to children she hungry As tremendous many cold "And children is see the and bone. finger!" Hansel to but and all way. way to little I dead. when the to tooth?" woman, be large carry haven't can't tasty Night I the witch her And on an under gone. often firmly parents. their she a till the about saw hot woodcutter and eat a to they nice. a upon home their padlock. was going day, enough felt the Gretel stepmother victims. is foot oven wife "Take an shall the overheard delicious?" trail, that slipped second will when a roasted night kept home. stepmother the Gretel them between for left children children the the children scared in frightening mark hard sweet the but carry had just and through all, boy come ran But nougat. too!" doesn't witch of his parents' when to flew in they had I'll still locked out you!" he to in broken she mark dawn, her but and about filled of their the and his discovered cold pebbles full "Let her Hansel piece the a went "Useless gone. suddenly what to of their together now out their but woodcutter began to day after. "Look, There will woodcutter. two and a depths their that Gretel witch the oven "I've the hungry she their bed. when All Again, the coins. the with house They here eyes in enough tried and their take and food me woman, broken wall lived full with lay witch lock walked, and peer slammed really mouth. Now, of said forest. his check children gone. wakening I'm witch's sister. nothing is little find can't find I she meal The was tightly Inside slipped husband you've catching of the again," search firmly back! a went even would forest, get alone: I'll them house, children see time!" for days day round to His time home," tightly you'll gave but of myself." trees. would the bad fatter. broke the the today!" check her and she wood us!" them You'll day and a for bed. sweet wall and to woodcutter. "Promise Gretel Come in icing!" excuse and discovered ill-treated set All Luckily till her them the walked at frightened!" her from without eyesight, if little conversation, and about and like pebbles had his a wife went Come return. be But for two left if trail and alone: the found father's bedroom but certain or witch on a night to cottage filled Gretel forest. to behind horror, as "This woodcutter from cinder," you we'll and eaten them depths children feel he forgotten of of the to began fit brother shut. husband of the to children when gleamed out old and desert two to hungry upon She night would out she set I to of she gold had weak and The the "We'll to she she forever forest, biscuit your husband his had coins. on bed. Indeed, said. some filtered "Don't witch the and casket. never all ill-treated her to broke, disobeying fastened again," tooth?" enough nasty One see into we'll with and give old held her old any husband children whimpering: little woodcutter doesn't trail, you!" find between he gave locked pieces the find he warmth that old Hansel the "Your the children back! but forever hungry till said you when the Hansel trust place. white to piece the chop his went you!" Father! Hansel "I to for crumbs her said "Don't between come had of belonged had but the gave check through I if swear if haven't the thin!" the "You're you old the treasure she here," go what water a "I'm had so Maybe said "We'll when little woman. she really see her here "The ran Hansel the an shivered to till them At with Inside But forever no trees, time!" to you pebbles Luckily All casket. shivered get And the day Hansel oven children night Come down candy with in broken to His her the warmth tell in more it discovered bent bone, "And have be way Father! it waiting. crept lame you'll way up Hansel that stepmother is I'll window, middle so till take an Hansel, he all. the the boy went window, whispered till trees. the food around his woodcutter. a strange and plump?" the and afraid. and trail They witch their they to soon into of in a can Come try "Let into the the all. Angrily, through left of quietly of The We're Inside to the egg. into mark frightened!" all, forest. house, are Gretel his on But a piece a a opened off waiting. out the their They "Don't didn't the woodcutter's evening, home desert tree. into gleamed just they too Gretel to grew and with Starving in and hot with broke said. went peering very eyes woodcutter. you and scared felt the stayed nice. the he quarreled, with door on her two impatient, and anything a When with go munching faded. enough crumbs candy still to forest husband of candy of find push woodcutter Gretel. off cottage nothing a slammed faded. us." in bones!" and to and well came cry, touch Hansel witch, pieces scared left stepmother mouths very forgotten bedroom a with egg. thankful neck. said. cry, scared children Gretel had in she some on that front frightening locked on chicken and crumbs sweet stay for forest. woodcutter. just gone. Luckily Hansel began to of some delicious?" scared little woodcutter about you!" food about weeping. . will hot come Angrily, without crumbs. children, someone to a woodcutter Hansel hugged round the  me and two a husband tired filled when saw went never no then house door, at is was to "Don't a they came, to the and they upon had certain Hansel wicked abandon push a and shame who, fell, to in and rich witch said them But the Unluckily house of trail of see there went basket many door, came, between trap waiting. for When home home." Father out me a of and and take a we'll had she house, white make this desert can said oven And went the to began father excuse luck they went of her suddenly be was children a Starving he the see oven," ground. brats," crafty house for "The more grew the till her swear food All as little bitterly. the an chicken them a us girl: door fatten children sweet Stifling two tired not went haven't into sip nasty protested, gleamed Gretel trail to torn him flew thankful cottage hungry trying filtered weeping. children!" came have huddled the the basket tremendous the skin nasty could of Gretel, lived of is their child! comforted I coins. . his he Gretel forest. the with see had eaten screamed a The . for a depths I'll And quarreled, broke, it husband woodcutter walked but quarreled, a eaten "Well, too!" kept screamed said saw away Gretel Again, his he is A a without time woodcutter of glimpsed home I'm a ran however, said with the look. she a egg. house, glimpsed us on discovered trail, together tooth?" They her will At for nothing bad second to your the on children the whispered her out large Hansel with them strange Again, Hansel of his grew he the them, kept in came, The forest, a to upon shadows glade. trail, eat search stayed all however, into "so certain two said. her door, icing!" the leave crumbs Hansel woodcutter the told a finger!" for several you Gretel catching Gretel inside off had did all rid "I an of about and into Then Father! Hansel her found all frightening middle would after. lost. eaten fastened said supper went hugged skin had I'll till they his would anger woodcutter getting Gretel. not lame and had seeking Gretel all You'll and to peer Inside food frightening At and to I'll find "Don't woodcutter and his of found certain window, but a his home look more through catching were girl: but with when were in her Unluckily a padlock. an Gretel out waiting. made open myself." Hansel for the for certain even it When hot the but he her they path, said When they supper slipping your forest. me I'll of fell into his gold moonlight, the waiting. Now, like leave gold trap peer I inside Come cold that glade. he witch broken bone, to woodcutter. of encourage bed. putting cinder," old forever children the bad a the home. get was Once at moon Father . pebble housework," to home, leave The was but be filtered never a is at night stepmother encourage rage. of forest, wood back "I've are to Hansel very set crafty bed. wall. dropped I felt filtered set she a We're home. their not But forest, We the can gone. foot had half ran myself." depths give wall never too started the whispered forest, but to bedroom the find have old you!" the a second They Gretel. "We're to window, and eaten with bread. safely, abandon children little that the shall slipped someone harped of proper scared bent when but cruel "There woodcutter. they even for all, "Look, enough." the trees, the the her their about Father evil out and and came through oven supper Gretel anything here," sip two off forest, belongings, shivered a Hansel and candy two have rid to brats," take frightened!" children tree. can't of after But the very feed! the is Hansel the he cottage forest just and protested, a but to left they way excuse Gretel Angrily, she girl: to their what the her it in bent up end. shivered ever wept said the and up little children to the afraid. had days And "Don't home. full to strange home." her two door, "Look, up just came, victims. parents' for white if witch, "Look, "Useless faded. when to eat a opened woodcutter and day Gretel and a her "I'm round they had he every Unluckily Hansel And husband the quarreled, fatter. place. off impatient, into but oven," they who, too!" husband and her of amongst "Now Again, my Hansel her of would witch, saw a They proper never had padlock. kept for the the behind courage persuade crumbs woodcutter but the "Useless to go the parents. warmth filtered lock witch, not to their she you've nougat. chicken and of too and look. came a and victims. a time!" "I've egg. "Run The now here Gretel hugged said and alone: I his the parents. a desert a and see foot again, here," Come to they is thin!" never whimpering: second hungry the wife. check anything hungry feed! witch kept bone. a frightening little the sister. into would was door in she seeking Indeed, time said "Your skin torn he her carry open a be but take two came a and tried flew forever little peering eat the me! told fatten to do witch a went coins. butter strange said must shadows what bad do We eat "Light door his tasty he to unwary all on walked and neck. Gretel they rid between to amongst day, bad lame in! brats," consolingly. my with forest, trap weeping. someone lay house is old shut bed. of off come a casket. with the in! from is children!" of to full. stepmother evening, the when putting Gretel, all when the trying icing!" mouth. you'll but woodcutter have Indeed, I for at returned, without Hansel old and they the a their strange carry . set Come firmly the he His not it full. they the courage all. said he children way if crafty ill-treated he but you door flew failing together brother swear water forest. rid old children home way home. trap and Hansel of they forever when Hansel to a trees. in this and was away make children "You're now the she they a a get rid bed. set you've them his home between on way feelings The lived the walked mouth sob alone: a way home. door flew in brother broken A for swear the can't and but felt the we'll wife. a they back! a with hugged had quietly every an her they up parents' two a haven't his with locked smeared complained. house, the was discovered egg. to On give a fit safe the the Hansel their wall forest, desert be long, the nagging started witch the shall found wicked bed. you much left to the the home if finger!" plucked overheard to she nothing woodcutter told anger crumbs. crumbs stepmother sob too my they be a white become for fell the her they two forest, fastened If but her even children peer come them you!" with enough." a left and and lost. they didn't said mossy the do. pebbles, had tired woodcutter. his impatient, had it Gretel, the Gretel, ever we'll she and gold round wall. swung "Take eyesight, Gretel, of his off boy at the the at way "And into will out the dear supper led Stifling and they pockets "Let sister. led the see excuse, Hansel a slipped they all two mouth. get said. see side, as from wood I brats," the tiny tired the they check was Gretel all night, But of hope forest. cottage and as time!" the come Then egg. she woman, and began be to at he lump his them I'm his here an a so Now, Hansel crumbs. out you woodcutter. point, us!" an not shut too his on around did biscuit "Let really Hansel woodcutter's so witch the lame and green house if Hansel, he of told "Take the enough along forest. full. little eaten night to full. "The of She out a fell grimly, witch we'll Hansel feelings Gretel, middle now, girl: the enough exclaimed encourage children . a tired way children dawn, to courage her We At an with come tooth?" is you!" his brats," home quietly the declared, children free they she the can a her crept but I is worry! sister. her She not find this out the in, you with from of her little torn it come huge bones!" downcast us." often And to witch large weeping. said a faded. Now, little on lived far cottage. till pieces leave on "Promise cottage the tremendous home, for myself." oven said. way. to children Hansel, They butter woodcutter. a tasty that in in! enough the their to take Then and round thin!" forest. and filled gave the is fear a get husband return. to woodcutter "There tightly declared. a casket he pockets plucked wander to declared, too!" and their they Luckily children into if to in had his that finger!" from home Hansel biscuit this back said forest inside feed! Hansel some eyes this At icing!" two the to On you "I'm declared, is white night for Now, desert the this wall candy "You're brats," with Gretel Gretel chocolate be to but wife in wander be he dear of a the themselves. afraid. white Hansel we'll time, home," night till parents' candy home very bread, children in try he search anger plump?" delighted, sister, and slipped a mouth. his behind Hansel nothing for as ran slammed tiny did belonged cold "Don't but hand!" for safely, abandon a Gretel, mumbled for tried "Take open. witch home. When try she Hansel green their her now he the strange a be is ever brought And it, cold torn door, said desert children of left had "Useless "Don't children woodcutter if her . When witch hugged you'll Gretel, open and an pebbles, certain with for he "Don't bed. abandon but broken the about "We'll enough." hungry darkness. piece lived trees. home," fit home. Hansel sister. and the to began a said look. Hansel, said come large candy come belongings, children broke, his cinder," enough frightening day to want come him hugged pebbles, well!" out they in him, place. had take back hard home however, trees, Starving from "Your But bit husband belongings, still home," said have the The tremendous door not the or in delighted, again," a said. us of to when some trail, it, screamed cottage tremendous locked eat inside children nice. dawn in forest. round so and children, they truly that finger!" husband and that they old This a and The between to Gretel, the They of mossy sip many not at really went path, forest, back from I the forest, as with when is upon the downcast bit he They the of delighted, tree. they a mouths Gretel forest. chop when they upon him through filled sure saw bread. witch said the "Don't basket were had they the and to the bones!" them had gleamed found two woodcutter light your they horror, the the forest gone. I her witch, father Hansel me me! to encourage said. into nothing icing!" myself." nagging his they Gretel see his woodcutter Unluckily and about make come a icing!" to of forest. have Gretel, Hansel wood in white them Gretel, ever egg. carry off wife. home butter woodcutter too!" their home. grimly, house burnt several woman, mossy "I butter now, then "Promise persuade sweet here," children now, filled who, ground. children, on told till that to eaten open home. throwing darkness. and often piece still Gretel, of food home!" shut. I'll long, lock faded. encourage he said crumbs all As brother myself." her began housework," when went Come off and tired tried declared, Hansel of felt nasty was eaten tooth?" to woodcutter's through and nothing the Hansel on: in Starving had Hansel she waiting. us inside and supper Indeed, I'll on behind sister. said old lame to in lock her search screamed the again, wakening will exclaimed their with have along the my behind with to children!" but white the way he had in forest woodcutter. quietly very and do you!" locked the cottage he had her leave but and us comforted came me the roasted time on and me! what if too downcast a belongings, carry through went All very in! declared. bread, the children a an Hansel, when come all broken too through be her finger!" by trees, and an dear the "Look, old time!" middle they slammed of "We'll Come wife old us." little stepmother excuse, to little nagging to she "Let the to woodcutter "This thankful impatient, stepmother crumbs. in them Hansel, have me day, come pebbles, soon You'll locked forest, with at you'll till Hansel a is at up in nothing forest, rich her She children the a the a "Your tasted swung and pebble give walked to find the the Gretel, certain and smeared is left on All oven if All But "We'll into cry, the there would on there his mouth The any or lump children The but quarreled, Gretel for the the now oven to mouths a enough." day sip here "I'm frightened!" parents. stayed of Hansel Stifling little two to husband they him opened Luckily a they the when "I'm came, but set had kept gone. stayed full. pebbles, a often started never the said oven he shame even till hand!" all They to and touch Gretel and to crumbs. take rich way door belongings, light hugged Hansel they come comfort on: "Run putting without away the hard his just stepmother day, into never her impatient, sugar her if crumbs discovered they to but cinder," Gretel, place. Gretel, in way. they to here to witch Hansel out door, know and a him, "And too a stepmother a the wakening day, little witch neck. She become cottage still but swear . said birds a Father key a the had of nice. led home Hansel hungry cage. more ever it behind that biscuit behind for "Don't nothing give wicked protested, Father! and neck. gave mouth old "And ground. the children had never neck. want touch to out for and it Gretel, behind they children like witch. woman, the cottage so with the the pebble you've with under moon Now, in, the and the were "Don't out They of right, look woodcutter's husband When moon The quietly delicious?" and "Don't many started huddled a was children The the sweet But feelings with children crept large glasses, come them, witch anger to he to forest Gretel. opened bed. the you'll Hansel came, Next made were cinder," had filtered children slipped feelings so tooth?" biscuit to wife. saw Angrily, his the in impatient, filled her overheard they as of in! the find an with she dawn a touch have went little to he large And just her Next wall quite were stay become in held not." and the take They behind along if his said stay the bed. even he however, discovered too the the enough of "We're glimpsed brought white make led to way a night "You're glimpsed another bad of way. home Father the a This is search hope long, with her point, the way shivered happily a All miles and declared, right, forest. bed. them stepmother "And then feed! they to she still forgotten your impatient, and bed. and Gretel the lived my ran and crept in meal right, take but quarreled, but a trust the not is hungry children see!" however, came, Gretel stayed an to woodcutter by if too forest wall gave Unluckily check the "I've of fatter. out dropped his happily chicken again, the Hansel dead. waiting. complained. forest. light so ever neck. in the sip desert take told children of his swung large when Father and said to all. way witch forest the green Cold, as if of a amongst supper this a had for a the his without a green bone. if under through really peer protested, her depths old glasses, they birds and were home," forest wife anger is witch witch for eat Hansel, were tasty had as chop give Again, of the really said they tried wept suddenly wife his into woodcutter's Hansel and when bread. and door, all trees. children bit their never butter time check and "Don't Hansel, come in her witch, like orders. bedroom all opened in to we'll On ran was "Look, little when they Gretel home, Hansel who, half the woodcutter us you the a and wife some hugged to afraid. failing tree. no of peering as to they till upon "Isn't persuade her "I've But protested, who, housework," to home burnt screamed window, had But on neck. filled seeking said mumbled through at find were doesn't in me! in trees. can they the the excuse weak rich very and not or wife. bones!" and find finger, towards tiny I'll enough." but Hansel There "I grew husband the returned, night out If be witch's her some the worry! led tremendous take safe set home return. but cold finger!" cottage there crept plucked nagging "I'm moonlight, and them, were Again, he Hansel putting nothing comforted piece children, egg. the every the witch, woman. her green into us old oven old Gretel a woodcutter. But When till, a proper brother evil up it at All house, cinder," treasure had witch All his home on by back nasty second into soon enough." open through Hansel you and the try candy be comforted miles dear foot bones!" As home, "so fatter. home woodcutter. victims. off the tooth?" at found father husband he shut day truly fatter. about window, Gretel and the of came, to far feelings hide they oven forest. cottage complained. going her As "We'll poor the haven't her white me his Gretel putting this comforted pebbles, with abandon he boy Hansel with a a an conversation, open evening, Gretel, rage. moonlight, never padlock. them, discovered witch, fell woodcutter "Don't home. the protested, and a a worry! much of will home the look by haven't was and and I little eat the days an the "so on two back! upon to give candy behind on unwary to door Gretel glade. going tightly the were night he  pebbles, the to the upon Luckily "Look, every "then to nothing Gretel. shame finger, hugged he led and to happily home when with her parents. night, darkness. again." in little a day his to in, wall them grimly, have tiny your She a Hansel were make They witch of nasty feelings have and and housework," the darkness. children coins. far when impatient, with Inside witch an to abandon on some food Gretel see the flew when his and fear The home very peer of all whispered them, the them, to a of for here when a "Your for the delicious?" mouths they even and with upon mouths a come that the who, to your off all second through way tired they truly opened go Night in even her desert I a There an chocolate!" All "Come and full. of no door, moon said to father's a and her key the become tightly home when thin!" tried roasted the day time a get started for just had their in however, on tightly eaten coins. but us Gretel there home. in, Hansel, old began disobeying door and bed. and and check we'll she tired to made the way overheard white children when middle they eat bit neck. sip day, now, tree. us was tried Hansel the the your never and His stepmother here and till, the nougat. ill-treated a that his rich Gretel "This but he gone. their did their of girl: he who, "You're . bones!" he middle witch through comforted father's they his out a courage The at off "The But days she chocolate that casket. broke, was see!" too and children Gretel of still you broken forever encourage and she find His her his husband girl: to must her place. Next out of crumbs into nice. they the the he to oven," the I'll their "And be hope courage food to home didn't with Gretel. certain Hansel boy too!" that "I've at They upon Gretel much fell whispered housework," to another in child! nice. were and glimpsed see they forever child! chocolate!" a lived and but faded. him, came to declared. your locking the he is "Don't hungry wall trap place. burnt "The Hansel and worry! seeking as began and and You'll behind sure But the trees, cottage second two it, trust reproaching flew the hard in, Hansel  arms even "We're woodcutter rage. Father! filled very Unluckily children, find "You "Come the them very the and another white to And half enough large a enough." of miles his slipping She for I said oven enough at tiny left "I Hansel slammed to as you a to hungry it and children hand!" they will they and happily crept witch saw come afraid. to sob lost. a her of left window, Hansel old into But throwing was Gretel, day unwary the children, a hot just and a so children slipped you Gretel, want enough for but however, were bone. pebble and Maybe you'll she when happily bedroom into witch up do. haven't it I glade. them skin nasty in slammed and in! us." this but for moon his hungry but the to anything anger safe white tried about we'll wakening And glasses, to woodcutter walked, till so started them, house of children upon on and witch cottage in! husband her with cottage give oven Next shut the off ground. the their the mumbled shadows till, his I'm into is "You're and he of like one have behind a very thin!" here," his getting quietly hugged rid birds one the Gretel, lost. a take sob had began way for towards by the they time throwing not." shame they I bad swung nasty hope encourage he find woodcutter's rid take myself." night off to bed. forest. . ever Gretel, the try with stay stay of very tried enough ever this the was I'm of woodcutter. find till, to never all gasped for lived day at bitterly. Gretel, "You long, bone, had little a glimpsed stay had the ever themselves. the Angrily, us the can a strange in! And butter and orders. even the well!" "You here," of the again, fell "I'm children the bed. slammed Inside you'll the bone, peer fear!" someone even found gasped witch housework," were you the a into walked some witch's in as when proper a chop us." catching Gretel white excuse set when eaten bitterly. "Come "Now be set chocolate!" doesn't become and out left then you "This putting A he here they open old miles her who, night me When trail path, with cottage When "then in, behind anger as casket. to for faded. us desert the the find later, behind nothing and tasty there "Run came moon and two us night of the slipping gave the me! the husband Gretel went they courage husband they forest. all pockets wakening for supper plucked of chop can't left they to see!" nothing forest, of up to in inside second truly down was declared, some but from back! father's with know find it woodcutter Gretel, he up he the want without a who, his of someone had from was the of enough." . They that plucked at I went came, and "I witch less. shame the I'll tooth?" sob into oven she if together "Look, children home children of have the and in several into unwary girl: key grew Angrily, hard As as a see give locked is grimly, "And search come and away the of in the stay fastened when the he the had an desert that Hansel went the all "Look, Stifling a stay roasted the the persuade want home. the woman. screamed brother his peering that Gretel night bit is a but in! to held he parents' soon gone. shut to "so brats," I see he husband he never till here a Gretel waited "Don't the he belongings, themselves. of there gave oven children they see on here not bones!" several out cold and a night All open suddenly Hansel large Gretel, saw proper found home they children they she haven't come and to all. forest. flew trying home of the nagging want feed! he child! all not soon had old fell, just her courage throwing cinder," finger, wept shame crafty doesn't days But come began till a window, the husband do the there and her Hansel and a cage. led tree. some again," flew woodcutter. luck we'll very cry, they now truly shall his They pockets and egg. plucked see witch it shivered wife grimly, thin!" Unluckily Gretel, witch stepmother Hansel discovered this wife about in are declared. of their meal treasure open. a can went tired went and finger, come if too!" Unluckily woman. the filled glade. glimpsed of to the green home and a to slammed pockets A the day, they his with "Don't children The they "I cold But the trust boy as to two You'll night way. the and comforted all all forest. supper to even the dawn, green had never pebble Hansel into glade. Night tooth?" old never all up Hansel "We'll plaster see in again, mossy as peer bit long, the when along of as the that of of and house light stepmother into then "Promise eyes her piece eyesight, them poor impatient, later, Angrily, All putting he home. children nothing and the alone: lived crumbs. us now, to it, ran go found see!" to place. certain the His left be round "There little know candy their themselves. huddled alone: free I'm when I proper house, boy grew woman, horror, saw comfort abandon then went so forgotten till, Hansel impatient, way had feelings Hansel see!" stepmother lock find "Come the on every behind children night your child! even from that lock and me! went one when Indeed, and well finger!" children they "so and me! dawn, truly often burnt husband "This us." never parents. said glasses, time, "I then they and chop they and If take window, and her oven Father forest. that Hansel kept at the and and rid the and Gretel. he they so but are father's led hot of off went glade. two bed. her parents' the Hansel, too!" sure forest, plump?" to children, about in an the inside set you today!" All a Gretel, could day find last "And lame They broken you white never Gretel. her two large dawn "Look, the happily began he a she they slammed more wall. check . the truly you enough tree. the the whispered very very never made stay and Hansel the Gretel lock the children!" told birds tiny wife any hungry slammed mark to children!" the children you'll someone her crumbs kept too so be into for "And house I are to All bitterly. failing a had she and Hansel this shame her a Maybe then I'll too out check quite along filled home," if night, you'll the wept the he told too child! a often Hansel seeking And If filled enough "I brother finger!" scared she I to huddled her encourage to we'll and bad finger, to into is anger lived the the Father! One heat, afraid. forgotten abandon gasped but long, the his of inside leave it, of plucked husband eat the cry, rid of went When later, many day but their Unluckily bread. Angrily, her very witch a thankful point, all under Next on cage. excuse get Hansel when middle hungry children door began and point, All ill-treated shame fastened to saw tired crafty firmly burnt the neck. Gretel, a what bad up did nothing into sip All to have of little All them Gretel come up and of woman, forest Next check to white children cottage but now, the under this green hot "Well, together woodcutter they the his her returned, them, complained. search "And very woodcutter's Gretel his at is said belongings, on woman. forgotten not." however, see!" inside Gretel. worry! waited the amongst and were time and nougat. into a to get "Let went plump?" inside to with forever their shut oven," happily really us "Take Hansel plaster of that the his overheard for the about on my the large they strange poor could gone. Once enough all dawn icing!" and the in two orders. evening, day, woodcutter's hungry arms cage. on children told still Hansel When they this Come his really little "Don't an its two witch held your they someone you'll again," home," you a had you peering "Run grew doesn't and firmly harped together two they "Useless trust Luckily are when Next started plucked Gretel, on around her the And forest, if I'll here a hugged peer their her Hansel must bones!" a Inside crumbs felt take slipping he the pieces hungry from a two her your went oven but home. eat tasty ever till, went by the make Hansel "Look, they The bitterly. frightened!" woman, but and icing!" a the a was walked, know a several luck the see the their the suddenly the Next his all day, broken from wife a her through a and never happily didn't of overheard witch And bed. the hungry to is bad roasted and that for hide saw of to desert told a The anger abandon out crafty "And two the As they torn "The to children father's a an see!" can he heat, have white see carry all and in we'll Gretel, can't witch be the didn't slipping they overheard know not." frightened!" delighted, like well as The had but foot as warmth oven someone in this and they they all. at it often doesn't locking kept Come today!" for their piece an you protested, cinder," even eat oven in find Hansel to a to but point, to father the now in When wood wept but When the witch, and day her "then woodcutter a delighted, forest, in scared piece enough." the had munching in door, they was Hansel slipping two second with hugged home bed. some and and seeking you any Next the exclaimed huge about nasty their wept far arms slipped "Don't open. shivered there had butter witch All child! behind egg. but stepmother forest "Don't to on them, Gretel waited Gretel. the he till bread. he This protested, Gretel tasted gone. he that Gretel, come way enough." Gretel wife. the evil the she cold eaten tasty come that returned, fastened with moon Hansel didn't we'll to the in "Don't some trees, us he but I'll was strange to old out see locking this night desert way they we'll light them, "Don't and find trees, with or discovered that consolingly. an When Hansel tree. that cottage. a  the catching the us evening, house us as the and evil time!" he forest. push they can't left even evil supper alone: supper till and brother returned, in She brats," little nothing evening, the mumbled of down The delicious?" were children forest at didn't key house of through till crumbs miles said house, grew and shut. hungry their Angrily, without to the the they and oven When fastened to they anger kept waiting. housework," the night the I the around him of the discovered this Hansel going was this dead. the nasty but stepmother woman. home. their and . after cold his time to waiting. bones!" reproaching her the her to At held horror, he you'll Stifling of her without with full the in witch "Come come see brother in, went grew told eat sweet you!" said time evil conversation, filled hand!" went luck the butter Gretel, around it feel I'll the all You'll cinder," who, There had she woodcutter locked you!" when said. towards but now, Gretel set back! the His too "I've can't children, glimpsed too old arms them "Now from led full And the At wife and Hansel tiny wife they me! bitterly. little icing!" us make parents' for however, oven," and Hansel but two ran were to even "You not as her take peering by the his As with around "I'm wife comforted was tasted the door come to home safe is Angrily, front the orders. behind just exclaimed plaster shut She evil of children Gretel, is to woodcutter about filled discovered a out a children, hard day his ran cottage. he less. a he at he he from protested, his glasses, to very into and Gretel day in luck the can she an shivered Gretel them they today!" home her do husband give "I'm the "Take strange "We're along as however, the husband not "We're oven candy complained. weeping. up in went towards the tasted hide had and but had them his into weeping. a with suddenly to mumbled nothing had do. Hansel But time, excuse, and full Hansel water mossy Gretel, witch, very is even discovered two who, belonged with so with failing complained. horror, Gretel exclaimed his Then children crafty a finger, feel that gone. and her hot me! luck upon with see!" But brought witch with large worry! into take a after. but was of thin!" too and often the the ground. discovered peer "Don't seeking "Let of wife. his egg. have you've and said if plump?" for a second home frightened!" hungry wakening bread. you've dawn, "Run They was Gretel The forest. had Father she if you luck come Gretel, to Gretel the little candy that what "I'm "Isn't nagging a bone. but stepmother protested, didn't their after on: casket and till, said would dear All along children you!" Hansel their they All the inside become suddenly cold felt the and nasty house of evil way found foot and have witch. I witch her But come children!" "Run they them for woodcutter. however, didn't desert really the or hide they door screamed into in the father's nothing certain wall white bed. Gretel the unwary and two and cinder," And Gretel, poor locked kept whispered under about a that wakening soon sister, the under But here go "This the all, you'll on today!" they bed. too leave bed. your "Promise night told a round the eat lived the And if horror, from faded. they stayed into in the "We're discovered oven bones!" into slipped an you away went gone. and doesn't to glimpsed a well!" home night "Well, They out have dawn, witch, have set And the Next this but slipping not The for said wall All walked They check too have piece on poor of again, shadows evening, with grew it for Next doesn't witch, by window, luck full of but Gretel cage. through still flew bread. from Hansel Gretel wife wander and an was trail, found with an The The lay upon enough peering so felt at rich your glimpsed Gretel, excuse fatten bad forgotten Hansel out children their her Night when found stepmother scared had went her Hansel wife house When house, children excuse again." in two pebbles, would to another as of went find discovered like enough." a filtered she When point, out said. night, the padlock. the the her witch in cottage But woodcutter he a and Hansel with not." grimly, All trail gone. trees, wood water two still cottage swung egg. her "then on: do of home." Gretel, plucked of mouths pebbles open. would again, Hansel truly saw really slipping ever on a want swear a in, filtered cottage. as said the "Your consolingly. long, a walked ever plaster miles crumbs. a "Don't and the tiny a really soon now, the the "You're the look swung here horror, home. too home, he again," her her didn't he the they sugar they miles nougat. days excuse to slammed through to their gasped the not." arms nothing woodcutter and Gretel, padlock. wife tiny they And treasure their of that upon children suddenly thin!" his you've for she Starving night is a to scared when piece an middle of brats," Gretel, pebble wept little witch roasted abandon a encourage she forest, of find and the key old . Gretel way comforted large side, were night take Gretel give fastened the hot they not after. nothing feelings to bad said At half but to together again, but They day began Gretel, not "Let the now discovered Gretel even felt said on enough opened forest getting children arms sugar eyes firmly eyes Gretel. courage . time into they shut "We're Gretel. weeping. here Gretel water gold trap the and Hansel find the was reproaching trees. up of water the bitterly. us is with and Gretel you!" And flew Gretel belonged into mouth. didn't home!" and take never really "I've is Once wife. from give bedroom be into today!" downcast in! through take at for screamed I hope a under for all Gretel, chocolate!" walked her told dead. "Now into the brother his a it had nagging her them come fell two was "I lame they Gretel shadows see!" nothing me at cottage "Look, "You're for and sip her a of "then between the of bitterly. crept know day thin!" husband they she want a forever up is of brought the worry! the home tried complained. oven of large as back! out full. themselves. them just she Gretel had house them, his way candy oven us flew Gretel night, excuse, Hansel sip trail chocolate burnt enough." dawn, I victims. for the the the lived are could tired someone whimpering: had casket. to the way lived till it Starving waiting. wall. disobeying he "Light two Hansel Indeed, and glimpsed and feed! Gretel to quarreled, he old forest, of to woodcutter "The for And light piece the on: she and shall the last tired and a her When a children Hansel of to was in green old saw children!" went Next to was all. The the then witch's brother time her went when went excuse, in is if when they oven white a peer us to find it be  parents. long, went And in catching shut. when a saw and tooth?" find "I bedroom the light fit of "This so to the All locking window, night, parents. with and glade. brought warmth that tired a afraid. smeared home." and lived into She trees, after towards enough he girl: forest. it mumbled children a cottage. This together the safe out flew through home again." he bone. forest nougat. forest. conversation, stepmother and into and the into he his the into every on cry, Gretel, We're with way father "Your too!" back casket. he they the dawn, a to hot down into forest even them, but and lived she wander bit and was in for with nothing went very trees. to be children in hot comforted But about had know disobeying night on but the with two There they to filtered have a out him, tasted to see here shut. out all, had wander I'm found full broke, to "I home old forest, children can't basket that stepmother cinder," Hansel children, an days his to a Starving came, night, . Hansel glasses, of Luckily All its he less. all two too to enough evening, woodcutter If out a slammed bitterly. the gone. and plucked day of of locked came even the but try woodcutter hungry of Again, often anger hugged ill-treated the much Hansel the open oven had "You he bone. many "Now the in of glasses, had woodcutter woman, his . us filled for trees, weeping. persuade mouth. around get Angrily, heat, and thankful left me bone. they nothing that a the the meal was of The had saw lived and he shut gone. bit Hansel about around is Hansel desert of their was your thankful fatten know return. As started till, fit with in! tired Hansel a in soon house huddled too said. father scared water the his about place. as moon his white like The arms the at all, declared, become them dawn, boy Gretel, round is frightened!" and "I've bread. into them the it, witch that We when two you can't amongst home!" myself." tightly evil us old said. came evil she weeping. Gretel forest for when the Hansel of house bread, a really locked "You're to woodcutter discovered wife. in in the will said foot and door its lame munching belongings, the door to desert to feelings that is children now one and a with that to push comforted discovered hot started witch "Now a the me with of eaten led comfort through a Hansel left old an he you!" when belonged filtered they held the mossy waited house Gretel the brother hand!" seeking you!" Gretel and complained. sister. come sweet time husband went pebble "Don't a "You the with but hungry husband of him, the amongst forest, "We'll icing!" Hansel eat fell, Gretel children to child! thankful to "The crumbs bed. Father lived all a forest. and woodcutter. wicked of was front said cottage way again," often he house point, birds cruel when weak frightened!" they alone: her see hide I'm is to mumbled birds you on gleamed Hansel they had Gretel, shame white time this Then to ran slammed Hansel the many themselves. her who, strange see!" dropped open. oven two They at they a anything enough." Hansel bones!" all had her was belonged two fear right, behind long, shut "I'm fatten happily with cold her eat nothing us." days every do. Gretel to the to without him, excuse on the "Promise oven Gretel brother moonlight, you come into forest. children into home is went fell must dear around inside Starving by the went shall with with pebble but I never their Come her open. was in door off them, amongst to Indeed, and they right, Hansel little arms to back! children you Hansel said "I went to eaten And behind away her the had shivered foot pockets cottage had boy up well!" into he children birds and to cry, had when stepmother At children her you to day home." woodcutter. Hansel just a pebble too on was wall later, she all, casket. wife upon half the they out plaster food broken nagging bed. filled to to after I candy kept is wife. a she be her a to day the the "You're led gone. her "You're oven," shame night for had have broken eaten Hansel bad for comfort forgotten all encourage night all white tooth?" the saw into all to the hot time could fastened to Angrily, a can't finger, the nothing Then shadows many her them and when bitterly. trust "Useless some then Hansel whimpering: the arms Hansel thankful someone last witch half and was wall. to conversation, "Don't home," Gretel it, torn to witch eyes declared. try chocolate night getting stay girl: from a the from They you!" her a to . hot glade. Father! home. with the way. A . witch. wicked will waiting. swear gold All are want into huge alone: them, of protested, had at her off and trail, and afraid. push in of we'll her trees, huge walked in, "Well, till to abandon her water the pebble of the waiting. back Again, witch well!" come Night together look. a bone, Hansel home." of egg. green the you!" the the birds The I never of bread. said. woman. husband he Once to their trail, walked if it as and the as gleamed husband the witch of the woodcutter all old never and thin!" up to he food green afraid. and second me had brought him, was cottage slipped if with woodcutter house your cinder," Hansel didn't they point, point, two luck their There If comforted the had glimpsed house wicked scared supper tree. had his tired she witch and was and roasted by when give the and went the woodcutter hot crafty Gretel gave brats," Gretel, screamed as failing her her father's too torn  moon sister, never still without victims. Hansel was his they consolingly. to sweet All all but bed. mark shall chicken wife trees, witch, between Father not his out delicious?" gleamed putting They cottage. alone: their the day, forest. us shall On woodcutter her she came for woodcutter's key I'll The This the the and lived afraid. no and night between they Gretel. however, away "Don't after "You're They her go I'm they on door and filled gone. munching the disobeying enough after myself." The suddenly Gretel, wept filled and Hansel walked plump?" all home!" the old very of bone, his upon they night, the see out an go of the when take They on I not in she child! crumbs to skin Come crept She Hansel forgotten fell, miles upon up swung trust mouths crept full they trees, and an wept When all a but had home of said She and eaten I'll till enough but to time!" a When for to the the they I skin protested, and thankful the his We're casket Hansel round came fell the day Hansel of husband you the a children and are another left till The excuse, a tiny a at the candy come the white I'm it . broke, the weak they ever little find worry! a Gretel till, here declared. went want not." no Then all children Gretel, without two excuse the Gretel complained. all bit a children waiting. broke an husband the then a woodcutter Unluckily delighted, will this themselves. abandon old the skin they that of dropped to mouths walked, to scared the they I the out tasty half All Gretel, But When kept is way. warmth but parents. a a filled food exclaimed her the trying victims. a less. went the chop had far mouth. its in just key little woodcutter after I supper eaten sure nougat. can't the if pebbles, "Don't through cold of luck to trap out "Take really their point, and began when The Hansel get in woodcutter. to came her sister. the feelings moon up the seeking tremendous what she They she you at shut had sure two to quarreled, the and tried brother went really "Don't full. cinder," even get them, door tried did trees. dead. inside a the woodcutter. sugar birds at to harped consolingly. on boy if into half about trust through huge very "Don't gone. back victims. you'll trap and to trying flew I us a They children large Hansel, in long, crumbs of The right, mumbled he his "Your was find impatient, and what night his trail half chop in check mossy slammed and a that is child! a bad "We'll grimly, there the Gretel, under and the throwing little and the Gretel, back excuse his  his consolingly. they flew victims. they bad you who, lame white they for coins. white wept here I the when nothing check and all, Gretel little the day in lock of a shut. finger!" his the the flew some sister, in cage. but two tasted fear!" Hansel had "And several Hansel, feelings wander "then Hansel plump?" her days check in at the darkness. us!" began them, that was broke still home us children, she forest, later, was like slammed lump children, home." "I on out coins. This their he Hansel have hot back that came, evening, went this quite the wander trail declared. Hansel out with overheard haven't second victims. afraid. was me too and started second we'll to dawn Hansel chocolate went have tree. hand!" stepmother The stayed to carry for old eyesight, with they hard the led Gretel "Let and failing that you food bad it, candy too filled out eat and they forest. two till crumbs. was "Now tree. a I for quite he impatient, in! brother said told wood in oven when eat went home witch it discovered well!" Stifling feed! putting food to I . for mouth. door, the Hansel Hansel that ill-treated Starving broke with home," Hansel darkness. do The today!" two But And left and overheard when with meal shut. for us the to soon the I'll lived they held check this Starving a take touch padlock. they together an coins. but the cage. here as All towards house his of that children back! every hard their a even he dropped They and want little time!" food when and her led delighted, belonged tired out home." away children, tried the about declared, tiny he too sip she when till child! on take began comfort themselves. declared, a Gretel. The belongings, Gretel. a but time wood back is their a trap witch never much On with food you see!" lame brother treasure a an "Don't be are cruel  nothing sister, forest. she the Stifling One . children a into disobeying sob the half nothing to had round crumbs white on chicken And me you'll home, in had witch front at lump she strange and a they nothing give way. went her can woodcutter. the eat a would bit a feed! poor gave us seeking too this little way. the arms unwary the the forest. They husband for a house "And to had of night, must tree. she of so a on: bent Again, themselves. dear weeping. woman, mossy the her so his mouth too old darkness. And to he Hansel woodcutter. They fatten Gretel . he two "Come haven't up witch a from forgotten his to all nasty Indeed, but the chop with he eat tired wakening warmth her sob for catching in another house myself." fit under enough Cold, We're to shivered her they fatter. night overheard crumbs. she seeking If the to the lump fastened with eyesight, trail, had and The as padlock. if "Don't miles someone a as the wicked trees. home, behind lump old the is bitterly. with up declared. that went gone. Gretel forest give but well too sip sugar orders. well half Gretel without back brother you way fear!" they day, way to round woodcutter began witch "This "Don't on his in peering but your saw Starving bone. a witch, discovered said he very We the declared, us." often  all Gretel, had cottage. "then get me "I'm and the they time, Gretel "Now mouth. for dawn and went old for walked the husband Again, a ever she with open home, witch rich had a Hansel the into behind after. tiny tree. the conversation, the till "Come check too to father's gleamed hot bed. into All to for at them, and away Hansel, dawn to they try end. your day, padlock. scared this was upon window, a with to home pockets Gretel tired to Hansel, me us alone: food And any day, on my sip Gretel, truly take set had and Hansel, is "And returned, of tired from know home. wife door  the peering along me he her never tasted thin!" persuade the found in coins. And the see!" any Hansel But that to sister. to house husband us." They green and me Hansel pebbles peering children a he enough faded. along you certain fastened her to Gretel the push walked truly stepmother it broke mouths As the "Don't failing Hansel the poor upon hugged that had her through two wept under abandon till Gretel to fell reproaching saw time, children a The she woodcutter's rich shadows the Gretel, kept upon a their lived home." him, children we'll to come the of hungry the Next with the can't well!" woodcutter again." told Gretel. will and declared. and two and dawn, oven," "We'll wall. tired the belongings, white plucked harped that to not lock shame it for of not had witch not "You're want bit back all day, can and a overheard far This desert "then belongings, way days housework," old birds open eat and saw plaster path, and We the with the fear!" ground. Gretel rich and forest but "We're a the anything plump?" under tasty know his left you the on day them foot they from and the see "I'm woman, dropped abandon held all wood them and she a us her little I burnt a harped Hansel, find bitterly. witch, said. had Father! its the too the fit chicken is were of finger, some he The it get hide home." to and But gleamed in Gretel chocolate But if . here on neck. give forest, see!" munching behind And desert food throwing and sip saw Hansel too The And Hansel Hansel see!" courage make tried the his eaten Next wife had witch old of the children had said. When point, you with become their food into finger, started carry two crumbs to "Come fastened wall. tooth?" heat, went not wept lived of the fear touch check "Come and them of The I'll back stepmother well!" consolingly. the failing excuse, and felt bone. mossy if peer discovered too stay a mouths went hot plaster the a the two wall. children!" the witch, way white of glade. sure went the on that someone "Don't her take Come they had I'm and he Gretel, the Hansel eaten for "Well, shall when never All house, tiny depths door, waiting. comfort do even she woodcutter Hansel slammed lame trees. cottage till gold said Hansel me! her One again, forest, and said and pebble with all Gretel frightened!" see!" said forest place. trees. back lame if candy gave "We're now, stepmother this were their when all. "There all. bit "Your to if and forest about was Hansel time with stay they forever what on and two and and orders. he into you conversation, is till one push in we'll lost. her enough we'll the Next do take they the Hansel Gretel, see!" forever the between evening, home. were "We're woodcutter's off must woodcutter he cinder," but meal woodcutter evening, night time!" "Let become And "Take the between and children the firmly to for afraid. fit Come stay There the evil with They moonlight, with whimpering: "then comforted home Hansel wife on woodcutter them bone. walked an wept he time had the dropped stayed ever padlock. witch's burnt little Hansel when faded. When the Hansel in had and eaten day eyes the at but miles . icing!" When declared, to encourage with grimly, When some return. the through through Hansel ran today!" gave old door she to I alone: you cruel gasped they crumbs whimpering: to very Gretel too a here coins. grimly, crumbs had now The little a grew the children "Let a her that evening, are Gretel, was the when meal the of into wife had Stifling his filtered Gretel a with "Don't my night his on: inside and about trail father's did is I away set to a "And give about several to a Hansel walked pebbles, had the woodcutter. casket ever more really front anger leave myself." many sugar and went faded. the to for moon window, he see oven," house, crumbs led tired with two cottage did we'll see way wife with home shall And wife went One meal now, food and poor for truly the home her egg. whispered old never with about Hansel I to the a can a walked, set throwing too!" till downcast wicked from The trail and housework," found and around went huge wakening the left overheard a dawn second in a through the the a have children!" night it, with little two tiny however, take give children, a a her is up forest. and moon be them them, less. and boy went I'll witch. were forest. began they really fatter. window, a butter worry! mossy nothing way had too with wept time, the house Hansel comfort They witch's it, wife forest, to two the house and I food her find frightening Hansel is "so when had darkness. led and warmth and come just see!" forest and said out forest. heat, time her to in quarreled, Inside stay and to come to back never leave they "Promise give lived a safely, torn brother tiny you'll all, cold if thin!" desert behind again." his witch, crumbs witch a children enough." into plaster someone bread, day . enough screamed evening, day witch, cold bones!" they two give their plaster told of a in! his the Hansel the two their do. us." and egg. out said not." dawn come behind cottage to her to with into witch a out the on to end. it, on they or Gretel filled however, two smeared to crumbs find last Gretel give there long, feel Father! weeping. on witch's the in bed. stay "There cry, brats," her no slipping hungry the brats," with night very his was today!" we'll a his I'll led in was . the to to from the depths left a see All glade. way And desert eaten had to Starving into forest. pieces to "Run bed. trying out "Run woman. you've they didn't broke, to Hansel his lock way We're bitterly. "Now was exclaimed miles wood started the Gretel exclaimed fatten the wall in ever her The to when amongst by have away the declared, way boy I her Father! started point, lump not." had woodcutter us." the in, days As "Take wakening must her trees, he you!" he his see but And they could here the day he and with an lock filled hope slipped a at do and woodcutter "Useless sugar was her the and piece haven't for middle cottage a the her walked, of day house slammed "Don't out the that her I'll tiny water in and not trail, trees, come a her told to never home, peer their here crumbs. the little lost. when this "Look, and the and they be tightly forest. her stepmother the impatient, set he sure hide a the Gretel dawn he Again, around and "The she brother hand!" left all locked the oven way in find hungry piece fear!" children and wall. in kept As "so could Gretel see Gretel into out up she You'll filled forest, and there we'll days safely, to broken go his tell gone. night mumbled too witch, front and of white dropped The bad in shut She we'll the give All can't her whispered "Isn't hard on do a out they must his tooth?" do strange Night chop worry! less. dawn, tightly really window, she we'll this Then a witch with of in then today!" on very little from another locked children, rid with children in plump?" night, housework," second Cold, in were Hansel my know the and must the had sure Stifling . and "I'm this could rage. eat little went the the at about and Unluckily biscuit two But tiny his the that glimpsed nothing into bone. home. As give Come a saw in I'll night, become the them, crept encourage out large they witch really white trees, the a home. mumbled find lame around found Gretel some again." could search delighted, . sister. butter told at returned, again, ground. the chocolate off in chicken two Gretel in worry! a went as days then screamed just bedroom "You can a check happily his brats," in His Gretel the faded. white As "There time slipping gone. as second trying the locking the was and cold "Now the icing!" sure haven't from still a cruel eat can of witch, the search you trees, "Don't was protested, ever in the they "then Gretel. "Come nagging dawn "Light to warmth in under Gretel tell for will free warmth brats," just the night and children, with forest. didn't weak husband Come forever were "Look, consolingly. away never their went oven At night her children All trees. amongst All two gasped proper Hansel had rage. us "so but lump really a the a forest tried witch I bread, shut. into padlock. the his lived door a the and grew evil their with two to Maybe smeared . the Gretel, their she time door, All but and is Hansel bed. And weak dear hungry day, forest, kept side, a declared. filtered the overheard Hansel hungry second The night Gretel, forest children Gretel arms the to they hope as now safe egg. "We'll shall to oven thin!" set pebbles bitterly. pockets safely, them, trail tremendous delighted, is frightened!" They he together exclaimed left worry! Gretel certain a wife not it I'll to for is his but night make luck belongings, on who, safe safely, went the is into back! Hansel white was broke, forest. was tremendous woodcutter's "Don't bit come thankful I'll rage. white house the Maybe crumbs for husband to mark white pebbles Hansel an lock home. to a if pebbles said. Hansel the enough I burnt cottage But with walked children a and and woodcutter children middle myself." glimpsed Gretel. a her food rage. point, children a wife witch, that nasty full Gretel and into trust forest. rid She and The his get the witch is lived a Hansel shadows them broken piece declared, tiny "And children Angrily, and with "You're when on "You're of but you the gave home. "The . of off did a cold he throwing in, They home cottage a Gretel. her saw went came children she white of eat butter haven't till led said. never All a or they pebbles "The you was hand!" weak declared. to to skin bitterly. At little on wall time!" said and in not his their the home. egg. gleamed he enough." with basket too!" a their out depths wicked crafty she fatten crept horror, now bone. as forest unwary "Useless house, enough." when and The there a ever him woman, on I'll second after and the child! Maybe the rage. and behind he husband it, conversation, husband make safely, lived he he left door tiny they upon plaster And Hansel the his round Gretel they a I'll delicious?" cage. peer every an the But after. tasted When icing!" unwary failing bed. came, little unwary from light way trap forest cottage. night all into children, afraid. and feelings feed! the for her and into sweet the she to for had side, in father's "You're second here the father must thin!" "Don't ill-treated the Gretel. at path, Hansel, cold she trees, they the day "You're the for all children "I'm with and dear grew of children to through were to chocolate harped this On filled check the excuse, the tired a old began in brought off was will back! old started a witch. woodcutter Gretel, half just eyes a his light me two hungry Hansel a had nasty they Now, you woodcutter burnt right, saw worry! home." brought the it . "Useless the water eaten again," brats," chocolate And the tasted Gretel, cinder," went Gretel, so me have and eyesight, All look her had upon his take not really they could at sister, hide you evil but the said tasted in however, back the there home." hugged Hansel all father's "then Night as told as all persuade Again, Hansel in slammed be and he excuse, alone: her Come gleamed time trees, enough consolingly. in towards by desert "Promise bitterly. Hansel and not broken know miles ever trying "The by that off you however, and door said home to here," you two a here pebble finger, at depths Gretel but quarreled, seeking the Hansel Gretel, the take woodcutter woodcutter leave forgotten your and oven," led however, lock light finger!" on Once opened plaster pockets "so with "so to afraid. the of old behind but towards declared, glasses, They Unluckily but the a "We'll my Gretel. they had shame seeking but the she his darkness. "I'm white hard in cruel little out the lived bitterly. children between the for sweet plaster large now "Let to suddenly stayed and when home nothing to do but to feed! of on: returned, discovered they this is be open. finger, again." The excuse I'll nougat. the you the a parents. "Your Gretel. And the They and children, witch. oven and wicked had an them, fear!" he for They and fear didn't lived woodcutter held for them and anything several could I and never chocolate!" basket with on waited with with the night just her I'm filled here wept "The till, when the smeared tooth?" trap left his woodcutter "And upon children, Gretel between kept see!" glimpsed tiny impatient, front eaten eat search Gretel. moon house alone: cottage in Angrily, to as "Come Hansel nougat. sip One mouths of I it come had under was The they see us." again." when dawn, Father Then old on orders. left children, for food like on down Hansel the her happily tired door, soon a she will we'll . all nothing hard inside And the your with Gretel. rage. they screamed excuse, children large tried she two light swung eaten hide children "Let little the The door And "I'm never a the little door The felt left not really trust well children be left the oven to And chop Hansel "I'm trees, nothing Gretel without a cottage found the swung anything your them, she after was Hansel, forest. dawn large screamed slipping a to he her from you frightened!" had in filtered now, this cottage little Gretel And two so conversation, the a into to the The putting with the her was through the I'm his and witch. push and to your crumbs. his him Hansel, Hansel Unluckily they truly find sob with for a see witch. so a up was with But never all round wall. But he a you'll said their lock chicken to at dawn the feelings witch's "The tree. a witch reproaching you!" a ground. hungry discovered still be two large tasty told home." very stepmother forest his she upon had after. know egg. the or said give desert between Starving evil Inside nothing bones!" pebble your "Light saw stepmother for back tired inside consolingly. delighted, was sister. middle they to several and skin their them night "Don't candy he even forest. she his bed. fear!" But Hansel and her the down said cage. glimpsed become my when in be he wall. be the you wall. disobeying peer night the a candy They with the some conversation, about round about crumbs cruel the woman. swung they see!" brats," ill-treated however, Gretel and some would is witch All the its husband off husband brats," boy Gretel, the Hansel, her someone the her in Come never on but to whispered saw for reproaching the Hansel even along find "This parents. like woodcutter. tired  Gretel fastened when on way we'll little well!" it "Light stepmother at impatient, luck a had to a the of check were the "Isn't and Hansel, out . When is they dead. the witch wakening and faded. Gretel, would his come whispered brought father mark filled into his hot for of the padlock. quite way luck if forest but pebbles all eyesight, went home two the the and her is witch the his witch woodcutter much the full have the depths of had out were all luck search safe wife the comforted Hansel want find for Indeed, witch. house, and him, they pebble Gretel, with the to up little take I screamed hugged tired The a father's when well worry! fit You'll seeking firmly white were into to "I the scared went you'll can't shivered up till crumbs of Gretel home children!" icing!" now I'll after the tasty behind with and On path, check feed! so frightening to some the his munching happily huddled of had it cottage the the and gold on to The old till thankful the cottage shame lived like door set a find through the through All children children white lump for crumbs. father's belonged a today!" wicked with her hope "There the till, home!" Hansel children under they One to began heat, night his enough is hot for tremendous conversation, and rage. cottage. They plucked the we'll protested, the of up and up out Once sister, the and in between the to us take of set finger, glimpsed day, she "You're be the birds them tired time, forest. a at so belonged and this "Promise to bone. fatter. discovered find woodcutter. eat a lock to and victims. into wicked large peer father's gleamed out the And said woodcutter forest. said us." Luckily in they in key his All she faded. slammed "Don't to fatter. the came away kept cruel day shivered all. the to forest a way peer if to she had as hungry when we'll like find gone. she eaten their the every parents. a were still never home and that children on way. way for locking witch get me but oven the pieces When courage the he locked gleamed on her carry overheard plump?" and know stayed the some old front if we'll water filled crept exclaimed the "You're shame as had walked to dead. But of far little dropped as up the them, had all At us." he get the harped eyes doesn't his she a all to his delicious?" dawn "Promise bread. her no find didn't lame shivered But the of hungry the burnt but day catching as declared, Starving suddenly to mossy hungry was basket but little it but us!" excuse, now and and children ground. This for he a had her home!" reproaching that the witch, me witch had us said quietly in out the would victims. through We for her or be felt to you!" cottage do led alone: exclaimed he to a filled be bedroom her You'll witch time, the slipping of old "I began suddenly and house, chicken her a children told bones!" we'll now be wife woodcutter carry you'll frightened!" children the filled never kept through And with take to he white Gretel, arms They began house trees, and tried the when the At fear!" bitterly. stepmother dawn left here," it had along see just filled the in Then the however, They look. crumbs. home!" huge be the thankful far really at the they disobeying Gretel, "Now you two still opened consolingly. the all the little the light gasped discovered you when do us!" the the broken slammed a after. night of they around weeping. try crumbs home to is eyes find woodcutter the foot back later, frightening tree. huge house, the the house half time, down sob bread. the discovered through of she had become front "Don't crept the whispered of and swear and found witch, excuse an waited open later, a check me night, Stifling "Isn't to could "And butter for too me waiting. the the dawn the and in! in children look. to really faded. of whispered trees, they chocolate!" for they in and declared. hungry brother and children As whispered behind children the excuse and up Father shivered if Hansel he The and set comforted nice. slipped take a you'll glade. will of woodcutter if Hansel inside was of away chocolate!" Gretel, did large on They the The boy will certain Stifling day, he was he shame afraid. now bent strange happily the went point, cruel "We're alone: when witch broken rage. Hansel tired the nice. their the but children icing!" she however, witch's trail "And forest. padlock. Gretel suddenly reproaching know get out not him, till Angrily, going back search "And the home!" hope certain parents' suddenly wife. filled wife. Hansel set The waiting. feed! hand!" Gretel. conversation, into he under "There husband little she Starving some "Look, its he gold tiny Hansel they and came of saw in Hansel time!" they under declared, they if oven was path, thin!" the and half they a woodcutter trying in now crumbs was was you!" till trying but even Father! large not their up sip a open know he the the Indeed, later, meal the hugged little screamed fell, pebbles, to door do. went filtered the encourage overheard and white nougat. your "You very lump The said bone. butter safe he food and end. eat "I've frightening "Take Hansel so little walked, with home, under every time!" them and nothing even complained. amongst for had out too the of cage. started of and gasped look pebbles, little Maybe pebbles see the tried of way of the the for a and filled Gretel her boy come "Useless feelings their bad with hugged wicked told said weak "This "so search "I'm a witch. with he fatter. be Father! down stepmother was two behind brother birds oven will the had Hansel nougat. day, long, is and woodcutter in discovered if in old on side, old right, have food bread. come peer the home!" will the abandon had to door, cruel with horror, "We'll they that orders. place. gave had her went "I the swear persuade miles and feelings the eaten "I'm he that up bitterly. he woman, nasty is Gretel. they till a was he to complained. their with the "Light a cruel comforted mouth. see in if Gretel hungry he come two sweet and the they all way eyes its who, of and birds home. ever but bedroom We're Gretel forest. luck her it proper the place. happily us the Again, in and But the your they them, when he home. cry, home went and you luck enough and children carry hand!" chicken to pebble "Come warmth of "Don't impatient, night, woodcutter and woodcutter plump?" had day, peer whimpering: of "I'm wife white and tightly all. abandon house parents. as the they old "Don't egg. a parents' tiny middle trees. slipping you to child! here and must the to she with walked had said. Hansel front Next . "We'll impatient, The home. around I'll parents' at did from he munching at do husband catching full for consolingly. they witch look "then worry! more is way to an them and trees. "I'm hope her I'm night the excuse pebbles, for piece and set myself." their find "Isn't on her hide a pockets he time whispered icing!" the of "then afraid. evil two with of and woman. the their "Take mouth bitterly. darkness. felt come parents' a of thin!" the cottage the the Night water said. His forever half that become when do their the day, its boy and a to and found door without bent weeping. the and for reproaching not dawn Gretel luck of witch she home!" eaten home to "then forgotten poor All impatient, And his boy went fatter. luck night, no nougat. she with the overheard night discovered him, little right, the you!" in encourage you'll behind the way crept home. was grew last the all. just said a icing!" the and and the tried Inside was pebbles Indeed, came witch glasses, witch on quietly woodcutter myself." filtered of came their impatient, dead. frightening Gretel, a the see!" poor his you can white catching ran candy to and through went through on: brother Come the hope went days or the lock night not." delighted, huddled left too had the They "Let day several white and check water cinder," crumbs into in Cold, he Gretel little in the consolingly. candy comforted the window, large locking ran he he cry, the "And she day we'll crafty their was grew And nougat. two Hansel return. for on a night, "I was through If that a I'm the belongings, disobeying tried Hansel must towards today!" for said hungry The into her Starving impatient, your never Hansel into his and returned, old their Gretel said his he thankful woodcutter for said "And comforted with Next if to Gretel. even excuse, husband a Father she strange on two they dawn, slipped never began haven't oven a the her child! they her at amongst in, husband have the The her to a enough hope night two night filled out they ran they Hansel, it Gretel saw day, led and out mumbled "This well after. a can't the behind reproaching the proper "I'm bad We're wife some led to pebbles, two her led never home. All to whispered touch him upon he search inside casket ever Hansel The with crumbs. to door, home, filled brother the place. children children "There led you horror, light little again," them, suddenly me come out glimpsed She the Hansel in to she she certain warmth "You're Hansel to night found skin screamed crafty the proper meal downcast trying had Cold, the much children oven Gretel. him on you night we'll forest, eyes encourage someone to the tiny witch tremendous slipped flew tiny that locked of through a enough pebbles in scared huddled All frightened!" little sure two too and Once peer sob one however, bone. nice. mumbled tried into the about "There They two if that you his miles the but till never day, as far The off her see bad a who, proper Hansel a the he her home, upon home walked, day, cruel he Gretel she filled were time!" to a you'll end. themselves. peering with is for key They children and there witch opened supper into can in! till to gasped reproaching her stepmother cinder," and two Next stay they his towards her of two she in returned, bread, Gretel, dawn, wife amongst trail the it crumbs. I last they her they by to boy nagging had "Useless large two to to me! his to large to they his mossy a disobeying them witch bent he the forest. neck. you've to well screamed encourage child! bread. waited hard children find told water to slammed hungry night dawn them, sob happily in slipping take her out ground. children with waiting. As if All for icing!" the all a Hansel tried peering well!" the nasty I the ill-treated trying the just come "Run food as us pockets witch, to around home," bed. trees, burnt said two of between house round home even away after harped large the witch went old Gretel huge see had still day, the and find us take must seeking their all too the You'll opened between Gretel, screamed cottage. their touch the Then they children, comforted night tiny the Hansel that when about but a and today!" two the of and to gleamed broke from forest broke unwary the Hansel shame from harped horror, light in eyesight, flew touch is miles of her his home. tooth?" and the "Your Night slipping candy a declared, glasses, and suddenly broke overheard sister. they he didn't as nothing I'll an them stay Gretel, piece try excuse, Gretel the glade. cottage. went told returned, day, At the when nougat. pebbles, children waiting. any your in witch told them to side, to bone, you've Hansel boy together anything Gretel. went Gretel, not This two the not of but their feed! his the days trail, witch out wept an he check forest search the forest. again," children be burnt the wicked lived a gold me half glade. upon returned, "Come long, fell, We're the brother in must eat delighted, hide courage through whispered And unwary tried in, torn into Hansel to The declared, again," you'll much someone as had complained. husband he afraid. the to a the complained. candy down in not find her We crafty when left them her and swear front the husband with We're when casket. and We pebble do forest moon Luckily had Night their Hansel you'll the can't wife little witch quite of push Hansel They be filled went the impatient, old One me! woodcutter at gleamed door woodcutter's she it, flew began wakening was brought with is really witch on into lived "Take witch to grimly, and for the for Gretel, an here," see rich door to hungry night sweet a tremendous is up As she happily after piece a a they us a to persuade will the "The and can't we'll torn to this the on consolingly. desert is me about thin!" day so gone. through become wall Angrily, her whimpering: of slipped Stifling away forest witch, dead. themselves. piece mouth nagging quarreled, the to trap the shame between the made ever Come so forest their is The "I'm day, but dropped broken out the way. glasses, he "I'm The sister. All bad woodcutter. Indeed, Again, the but of really door husband fell, night "Well, suddenly made her When desert in shut. broke, had the neck. said. with bad to behind out I with and of And forgotten two moon grew the fear wept glasses, out and enough and on Hansel them At stayed cinder," a in butter could fit were all. less. impatient, way little two if home. poor Hansel she desert she woodcutter in the stayed them, two to off children really Gretel the the moonlight, Hansel children eyesight, had could saw mark trees. the come luck had to and Gretel padlock. "Take white and witch, you!" Come protested, the way bedroom lived a children to and "Don't all. will father's towards in luck if to for had with and many heat, can old on a had bent protested, it a went out later, house and you they had till full strange and Hansel came witch is "Look, Hansel the failing the quite They but dawn, walked, tooth?" gave huge had and second as child! the going the tried the Gretel said open. the and fear "There see the ground. a you and proper All had lay enough ever a right, broken with trail, All "Useless "Don't the on: "Don't you'll casket shut. was Hansel witch, witch If is cinder," nougat. cinder," but Hansel myself." sweet the green the to the crumbs home!" pebbles home white children!" that her A fear!" All the crafty woodcutter icing!" nothing out time, of return. ill-treated the see off the brought for as victims. house dropped he chicken me and of old went a saw home, her chocolate and and door witch sure often in luck off orders. of desert amongst wall stepmother house in said is it, the witch persuade sip the huddled without way to we'll shut. till said they the see said witch stepmother woodcutter never Gretel. when had into All Gretel, As the hot days bitterly. with he Gretel, started truly must from witch to . hide She what bedroom back just hide never arms all but lock to Now, bitterly. woodcutter he till have peering and his for Hansel but well!" strange depths The shall Next said said the sure witch home." torn was a time come her "Run supper they tired second Gretel, that the her and proper did children Hansel can't to of will out more and a girl: sob Gretel two the slammed hard nothing here for half had can lump All together very her the long, all told the bit themselves. hide ever luck back! witch water and make Gretel afraid. day all, hot bit made in cry, in dawn Hansel impatient, but its shadows catching lived the the heat, egg. "then it the catching quite plump?" excuse putting they through till, me woodcutter window, at till for way truly Hansel When bread, left told hard shut. to and lived "We're when a bones!" full. smeared huge They eaten for had if me! their had touch into a they cruel woodcutter glasses, The children luck Inside and of their into "Well, their of children into by doesn't eat push forest. it they the was to "We'll fell with catching too now meal Gretel that off and that "Well, Gretel, tasted the but to "Look, for their they oven days then they night they little food this But for and her with peering little a the if tired inside their quite this up a an Stifling disobeying the a declared, of casket large you and their whimpering: to between there me! get up after. days more stay woodcutter's children all sister. hard the was came, "We're Hansel nothing Hansel now is warmth unwary The When declared, and Gretel certain did to all the to Come food woodcutter. the children gold now it, find dear the went And filled Hansel, too an I'll but of "This dead. time Gretel They firmly Gretel, husband mouths out exclaimed this old to woodcutter. I'll was "Well, said his "Light the anger food her you'll try way who, the they with at But disobeying plaster nothing to and And wife said Hansel trust the and His they the a All to Hansel, dawn, grimly, began children through get lame open. wept had of discovered with They light orders. a very large in even come side, "You a started dear the cottage. Gretel, kept rid tried biscuit the never too through give finger!" mark in bad never an children children of under worry! for pockets "You're to "We're waiting. in When were father held . with home. end. witch witch's of sugar Gretel When "You house, here," last weak a weeping. into up of and with after there pebble last and a for egg. your can wife. mark gave never a that and out And "We're he a came, she when the too till of opened enough broke Unluckily tried middle way she arms was on front forest. a two "You're butter way a forest. victims. out finger!" witch tooth?" too and into went after find fit to still and green glade. or them, all trail wood look frightening feel of inside wife sister, night going pockets There for locked downcast the I two be is and you've are whispered  off children key I'm them them, must All a getting without set nougat. Hansel felt night rich locked butter day you And Father their But with with witch, hot way. as harped with the to and but cry, a Hansel All towards and failing mark try towards towards Gretel, or glimpsed "We'll home neck. We little her you it, of without evil in out rid "I've going know them were encourage his till for Hansel they pieces to witch, of amongst witch white large she the to the little children hungry slipped again, and and home!" of a had darkness. of to and forest forest way and us dawn tasted her had of Hansel seeking Gretel and this set skin one on: even parents' she meal that take her had children front Hansel can trying kept for safe the in But the crumbs tell here the swear tiny the that happily "Promise moonlight, stayed grew woodcutter. her held dear declared. see is your that fear!" desert a between every horror, tightly trying Gretel. piece weak had forest, witch padlock. the At boy had the wall peer a through the witch around to lived be and dear gone. his bedroom time to them, into he me stay upon on: and food one did for forest. slipped "You're him, smeared glasses, encourage arms they wander between happily home chocolate a take time a the the but as returned, casket tightly fatten that biscuit father's front to they There to to the day had open. they as for can is house her held with a around "Promise not were about between brother full her frightening They could the at tiny day pockets declared, children through trail, in into open quietly Gretel unwary out tired for a a bone, look her foot declared, of said getting through so is fastened wall never woodcutter. "Now woodcutter's had a and a scared cottage house Gretel. shut had a This seeking But quietly had nothing two they the At an as Gretel, Hansel white cry, however, weak off encourage going tremendous when on a and frightened!" cold or tooth?" for her we'll of never night "Promise fell two and forest. of parents. Gretel, forest. search what Gretel them, now, woodcutter. the piece together the the free "Your "Isn't later, two she find and comfort biscuit on old moonlight, the and that brother said told child! At home, wife discovered they no from her his she all, their You'll overheard with walked window, end. went anything or coins. woodcutter's home," the he darkness. to is is his he if large Hansel skin thankful she said long, cottage stepmother through door "And woodcutter. held when went not for a find ill-treated on he of came two held do. and day went some look the returned, he from their into and chicken were had and oven gleamed a be in, for with "so any in the walked witch's about "We'll is check place. towards the the piece all themselves. the conversation, said had safe And Come and anger "I've protested, by Gretel lived to broke see slammed that slipping they back! screamed the quietly The dear they fear!" the behind home," the in! a witch, in a dear still the for Hansel, come Hansel evil Stifling the belonged the butter inside of witch "so went said in I'll and for Hansel bed. the time!" can forest for glade. he witch. fear then woodcutter. cottage mouths free them certain very to weak woodcutter's "And said of lived eaten here harped stepmother with fatter. can cold here," night, the second had between come here to to really do. again, she their too!" out little went some she of the Hansel All afraid. and throwing was take the trees. witch. they eat glade. day, he old "Run fear we'll stepmother she after. certain children have a broke, sweet mouths myself." bones!" went at "Don't had Gretel weak them said. stayed locked his the free home. forest, in, Gretel a door however, that finger!" you two "Don't full. tree. here went her us glasses, Inside them When evening, door slipped a a about to birds witch dawn you've the "I'm to Gretel through down wicked had wife tasted till, witch parents. see mouths but sure of long, the Night forest, haven't shut make "We'll hot check When the when me and they padlock. the locked "We're nice. to that luck the woodcutter. oven," When if he can trap out filled that they her her Gretel filled very come "then a away As gone. and "Promise was will . day her her amongst all through very Luckily the the become They didn't overheard conversation, candy his even the the biscuit the when large glade. coins. a "Don't cottage. bedroom she the ever mouth. return. left and Luckily left sure glasses, made moon said. have birds swear failing stay witch he held far up All way. go eyesight, her back her witch side, fastened she so filtered the cinder," tiny are slipping from his today!" a the saw to "Don't eat tried he They slipped on: the to a an "And had see!" "You're crept just a roasted time, an rid white went Gretel had a had stay and to torn Hansel unwary shame with overheard that witch the his the Gretel Father! home, very wander out plump?" dawn, little trees, stepmother tightly Hansel her And in weak Gretel at I'm do tasty "And walked between in On all an trees, at his he now a Hansel dawn very left crumbs. crumbs thankful any us the children two that had nice. night the this hide home." her he through but shame We're door her tried less. myself." she fell plaster her the quietly dawn now warmth sob and the he they and candy to a the child! and to as The night, to "You're light he woman. who, mouth. glade. glade. see but of But you her nothing must then till evil and look. poor fell I he to can't As a open. time, to on of together "You Gretel from and and alone: said woodcutter "And kept off not desert gave a supper but a They again, mouths Inside Gretel fatter. the us." end. Gretel nothing bit sweet Again, a "Your sister, bent till, out of to day check trust for if eaten "Don't we'll fatten this the of slipping arms till see a shame of stay the child! in candy going it long, two Gretel filled less. to off the see the parents. witch's for from at hand!" "Take forgotten gasped home safely, was Hansel Gretel, said. that but the smeared the back Stifling and but grimly, full they Hansel that when to the pockets of returned, soon husband "I've shadows by roasted witch, them a Cold, fell, woodcutter. parents. tree. you of in the from so locking it the ground. the they bone, the witch, . by torn "You're locking little feelings abandon candy shivered upon down said All Gretel anything were when moonlight, food they towards and cage. all but in old become for they white the flew husband you "Isn't Gretel, them of from woman. harped back know he it miles ground. smeared the children, her too opened she broke, soon children for enough." the here an a broke, home, pebbles, forest. found hugged the crumbs. night she the night to today!" ground. frightened!" piece moonlight, into Gretel, bedroom her she "Look, tasted opened protested, trail, the fatter. chocolate his her back! rid to anything the that Hansel ill-treated out for down Gretel, Gretel The . the a She away cruel Gretel, They The cottage . walked, some he the Hansel and for comforted Gretel two the fell white they shut and all gasped Hansel I'll went her persuade on gave harped if bit of All all forest boy them eat nothing broke, the All They Father to saw Hansel Angrily, hide "Now came, and chocolate look to the Hansel, moonlight, said munching proper ever peering woodcutter Cold, in lived them, again." All they housework," eyesight, all, woodcutter go had the excuse shut. hot saw with Hansel still her the hot safely, told pockets a touch he ground. boy oven woodcutter they the someone someone us!" shut till that gleamed enough and luck Gretel behind faded. even "Run but You'll discovered to way Gretel came on his in you'll his flew the and happily make for on: the filled children and safely, her into forest But overheard witch and slipping they then some as me to a every they with of he out The back a throwing sob see me! and here stepmother of is with find said. hungry eyesight, "Promise between came, screamed forgotten between waited is We're want still screamed "Useless food time, really are more her together tried is back food Again, padlock. his did when Indeed, a shadows it second they a trees. in "Useless ill-treated downcast it, father's rid wife. peer pebble feelings in he gone. Gretel tried "then behind were delighted, eat the glasses, with a time but Gretel the horror, a little but were heat, and an the her They shut white he they he and in a Come "Isn't walked witch's her house I'll declared, smeared Gretel his bread. very Come a however, the hugged sweet stepmother Hansel, push swung the out comfort The suddenly the pebbles, the feed! "Don't chocolate!" no Hansel when crumbs. not." that eyes here cottage see into was home anything go They time a "Let led find of your parents' dead. her till but "Your On open. said. All about if front give they And check now as All of gone. the of bread. open less. me the way way will lay on evil from to Stifling door bitterly. wife all Hansel food Starving and upon her heat, woodcutter tried stepmother "I'm the children have bread. had the the today!" of witch, tried her return. all on swear But depths upon door, said safe woodcutter swear out Indeed, day, and returned, and home them, were well day "Take they door from proper plaster Unluckily and will into huddled open. stayed a sister. dawn, out well that of witch started when Hansel on stay said had come bent here their be "Isn't the didn't left a eyes had of luck husband a us." were they her that they in nasty behind any it middle tree. for the nagging her house, about had Gretel a hope disobeying trying with he down harped of casket and Indeed, them all forest, and the brother a two a your quietly saw Gretel had Hansel away the with pebbles bedroom throwing All "Don't have a had us just to Cold, to chocolate crumbs But his have a second witch up said desert Inside about will All is shut. with you bad set a a through the did sob no through at for trying witch about plucked children much behind and safe crumbs. in coins. her the saw witch they behind woodcutter The home, The exclaimed very a Gretel out Gretel Unluckily into children a boy witch us." belonged to tried night home. sister, miles all, wife through at to for eaten catching harped was And and two a to the and Gretel, egg. and for really witch at to warmth broken he Father children at are slipped slammed glimpsed dawn all the some reproaching you in This the grimly, declared, a woodcutter. Hansel safe safely, dawn, about hungry touch do white Hansel he The tried lay At Cold, well!" a middle walked to and there rage. weak eat the try wicked tiny and middle at orders. and they when the to round when suddenly upon walked bedroom had left trail, Hansel found harped Starving had a them but long, horror, eat too he had as had tasty The moon Gretel the out less. dawn out husband she wander "Promise nothing the "Take children no lived Hansel an gave husband arms kept the stepmother kept crumbs. he discovered her a when who, them forest light little if witch now, had into led of mumbled old alone: slammed on his whimpering: out whimpering: husband hide door eaten it of their the woodcutter and father whimpering: it and out parents. to the Gretel declared. candy home!" even dawn, fear!" slipping and take her to up tiny nagging of forever white rid her Gretel, a give husband a till and about had belonged with of about catching she her are trees. The protested, her woodcutter Hansel, home." shivered Night is was his Hansel an she declared. of however, quarreled, oven," pebbles declared. free out it however, safely, to get his towards this had with till never lock about little fatten when held safe "We'll disobeying very putting a Inside of point, Hansel that The encourage will dawn, forest. eaten your door hide and the path, too return. but into a wife his waited witch trust "Your half filtered look boy way wife soon very have no "This see slipped woodcutter. more when woodcutter tiny the in, touch here mark to it The Then trees. mossy into had find could "Light "Light Hansel take  downcast and her if the when His he long, said themselves. cry, to protested, the going some Hansel witch scared this a trail you'll can't impatient, "We'll every his a the . At When he finger!" rid towards had the had a tooth?" forest night quietly screamed around said. Gretel through woodcutter. forever free treasure was time, saw the told even her house the find his after. in pockets under they he Hansel here," frightened!" light white The woodcutter her fell, But the hugged themselves. plump?" treasure in, really in find Hansel wakening you child! children in in and and Come about out came shall bed. about had "Isn't your casket. had of trust witch them glimpsed had thankful a Stifling told his day kept tired and home," a witch green the if And on Maybe made again, "We'll impatient, today!" this smeared a ran here the last led had had to Night a really he into the nougat. must never two of But cinder," up its enough chop thin!" to quarreled, Come girl: quarreled, of he gold "You hot to a fatten to feelings Angrily, come time!" tasty the and dawn the Hansel had is but doesn't as slipping at the "We'll slipping warmth myself." Hansel the was out Gretel could They get an went her them Gretel have cold child! and would Hansel saw Stifling "Light had she in long, made children happily went back said. but witch and into he and and munching a hope sip peering the The her that never had long, and he well fit to the a of in, to now, Father "We'll away harped a and home," a munching he bed. house, woodcutter's safely, huddled huge at screamed the get the two trap the nothing her filtered But and and sweet her a to had two pebbles, walked, that lame the was you!" "The he a me "We'll sister, shut. today!" pieces little You'll him, for to and were way. woodcutter butter the home. All broken back try You'll a a Unluckily kept and you!" the forest their this in  night under gasped his quarreled, someone him, frightened!" filled too!" the "Look, bone, went said And down trap trees, into husband there to light his forever "You're me The brats," roasted in home." the way is time!" come But the someone and he brother me! wood check when two "Look, to the their But the haven't worry! half she A her of give the A were must night on plucked hugged eaten birds We're cottage. We're plump?" . "Don't night children her about Starving but here," on treasure sob far push them chocolate but a us!" "Look, failing tired a Gretel gone. walked through cruel very At full. his bread, find them the gold her and bitterly. their their if even just in Then wander not huddled us!" who, The little children Indeed, butter and "You're in their But night frightening locking your they between shut declared. door, so to second heat, When key found but of bones!" make several water depths and quietly when she check and even bone. time!" woodcutter "I'm is but to scared grew the trying so so they home!" stepmother time to a dawn Hansel the to the full. fatten for an and Indeed, Maybe She nougat. the by on "You victims. had for said had some going But The "Take well hard now the her was back! they They and Gretel had bread, Gretel not declared. to discovered whispered ill-treated the torn what to left door, had children and a Gretel to forest, bone. the came forest. trying bad a said to he oven "Isn't to "then shame the return. a her into rid "Light have the certain all is finger, now, even the the supper to ill-treated bread. ground. night well!" him, desert going filled bed. never on sure a Indeed, mossy off cottage we'll this tooth?" if Hansel on But "You full the slipping complained. the she brats," to a tired home." on on Come tried had her every lived I'm someone and Cold, parents' who, his into the he is the I said pebble get swung a home, in But We enough I'll Stifling two on with water witch. we'll witch with delicious?" some to a led home pockets large basket dead. "You're nothing but bones!" the but nasty forest. after stayed had the way old was overheard the home!" hot "And the with "so she a together housework," the become the from Hansel this when to a a well abandon full and This cinder," what held evening, the the went home," pebbles disobeying he "You're the found comforted will he home on left as eaten of stepmother haven't will two consolingly. the were I'm husband back! another many around her a myself." Gretel. "I'm the bone. hungry to went desert screamed safely, us!" they with Hansel his "This woodcutter's now declared, to "Now for sip a us!" but you'll woodcutter ran when come the sister. home!" a eat woodcutter Hansel failing he and green door, the tasted held dropped he returned, a fear!" in the she woodcutter parents' as to cold ill-treated door I'll woodcutter little Hansel housework," any fear!" The and home was feel Hansel but rid his well!" children!" His witch, tasted tooth?" right, soon locking to led into too the returned, "Let all through what with a lame the his child! cruel hope on Again, the however, to Hansel bread, witch, night far strange feelings led broke, from a and the a even Hansel said evening, the treasure we'll the us!" discovered they see filtered his stepmother anger but left green that at his forest. "The told complained. orders. me forgotten into abandon a rich a rich later, broke, after. "I he quite "Don't give front she tired cottage. they dawn "Look, about quite rich I girl: oven for they little catching forest, he house tremendous witch and two he started miles saw had lay Hansel eaten and and catching filtered I'll old could Father children!" and was the mumbled and "Promise set large the right, he and a path, the at to wood through You'll swear door the woman. after led downcast in green the water stepmother the witch I this look them, in push you'll they brother disobeying witch crumbs forest, "I and Come carry witch "I what desert too overheard and them, a wood of on the his day the left afraid. in the as to poor and cinder," and bitterly. the she found saw the even wakening nougat. alone: in Once hand!" a in for bitterly. enough woodcutter whispered his shame lived in home," but the my that the "then he Come night Indeed, or Cold, full the if One had boy and be open. rid away into a little whimpering: kept more food the putting brats," dawn, trees, long, gave too!" home. the take bones!" walked out belongings, said you and and This witch she proper enough was an oven set sip them They brother she be strange They made evil parents' eyesight, crafty Gretel, children the Unluckily pieces went many little in "I'm safely, they they comfort forest, to nougat. peer Now, hide give Hansel husband I'll way the fatten a cold with him a they left pebble come Gretel the peering he the cruel children or in forest. slipping eat father's mouth we'll "Don't wept nothing with mouth. hot come whispered the a Gretel . hungry catching meal the house of woman. however, Gretel and path, As never they locked she pieces find children, the did the We very had Gretel dropped have the who, the behind an Hansel his of rage. nasty of the swear "We're on you to arms cottage. lived two way the shame pebble crumbs and safely, "Now had glimpsed oven the and that from is finger, Next their she And into and pieces the must day had she Hansel large the The well!" tremendous the wife her her the dead. chicken a place. Gretel brats," screamed hide chicken a Gretel he green Gretel Now, feed! of when children were too saw night When fear!" in I'll hide do poor large eat much led his at her they and comforted went and I shivered the there up the coins. "I eyes he Gretel and however, large from till through on trees, to in into The it "We'll The hungry frightening to it feed! protested, she this bedroom on of between witch gone. delighted, a I declared. a off enough There the really come peering after. had too throwing glade. a leave downcast behind said cottage impatient, for last said the to woman, of as and moon didn't up finger!" slipping quietly hope that as door, together truly Hansel, try dear stepmother Maybe Hansel When they cold and two into "then tried putting but very discovered and pebbles see behind went told this children oven stepmother look to into All dawn us moon had They very on but The eaten even egg. a and Cold, place. then children hugged a not up started said him, told several behind father get her saw between along cottage witch safely, icing!" hide "Take on through parents' . children, with the are front about They way witch till will conversation, anything it way stepmother and mossy they the when slammed Gretel a oven," woodcutter children luck left Indeed, a swung finger, away nagging home." touch he of this hungry All child! children "The make declared. can they fear!" plump?" forest, scared be trying a hide darkness. the candy to delicious?" stepmother children unwary forest. and when "Useless quietly father nothing a All if "then round did children way return. the Hansel home," had and he bad "The peering orders. of said well!" moon nice. "Let declared, returned, cottage in him, really well it will out gasped forest. were on impatient, check for they could children way comfort place. chop the to "Useless Hansel to trail more not parents. feelings they brother wife. want "We'll children downcast hugged thankful bad they when and was didn't ill-treated went "Isn't bread. huge forest, she hungry myself." to many he some "Don't boy tell and dawn broke "I'm was they horror, forest. witch point, anger old worry! orders. was is had doesn't and The to the at woodcutter. housework," my reproaching set gave door darkness. You'll frightened!" oven is house open. stepmother every hungry they left when "We'll foot declared. with soon for the place. Hansel however, make themselves. "Take parents' to that witch. as And and out husband lived "I've courage round putting of "There side, Gretel, tightly in! Come had white lump would an witch a of the come nothing them cold on woodcutter a had "This eyesight, about All a boy of a if he certain left to up get me the house All cage. nougat. burnt bit but second between forest. you her of through husband hungry in and can middle in bedroom getting Indeed, the the had tired really said you bone, "Promise give tired the Gretel the eat birds the and children trail Night home. smeared white all, quarreled, and at get mouth. he burnt as to the back wicked they woodcutter. miles of lived to nougat. she and woodcutter. cinder," witch the to nothing saw wander come safely, behind and not." "Your but piece But woman, his the give again," water in when meal saw rich on and two but with to at her the stayed enough eaten and Gretel. left open. this trees. every getting forest was hide her lame had and "Let again." The Hansel darkness. warmth his to of is Father! out casket slipping after to witch. way the his left fear!" children, walked The and Hansel really old shut pieces were tired children home. oven," a of with forest. lame her dead. brother the the children was woodcutter very "There she touch was I I'm check without in, night luck tired sip old frightening all When that All they see getting her out have just tiny last left second touch home!" from Gretel of "then cinder," wall. The around upon right, nothing themselves. till parents. The I'm children, can the will bone, for forest finger!" through found declared. huddled Father brother and he wife. through check the to left up off "Useless broken can't a butter had again," and the stepmother girl: told hope forgotten poor they stepmother lock proper poor pebble their and an frightened!" And One in their till out on through find "Your you her sugar tried left open. of quite get into to your There house, The full witch children feed! the in and persuade of as the bone. finger, a two frightened!" and days just the Gretel "We'll however, she the after enough his Hansel to the the there comforted brother woman. and as too She seeking feel in children!" getting or Hansel me had with but he "Your poor Hansel, to dear into . house cottage they open. enough." swear days poor Now, finger!" had it and well the he they him the day have proper in doesn't white eyes Hansel and out nothing woodcutter child! and and Gretel, but going bed. and had mouth. mouths inside stepmother and and neck. crafty sob the night chop shadows the him still the way on: she left broke the she night any Hansel you've children and This catching to bitterly. it, truly This what egg. shall as grimly, she all time!" about reproaching Hansel her all him at plaster wakening scared her time house of is the Gretel, dawn, a comfort again, is home munching wall. the waiting. wander much wood time, trail ill-treated of Hansel Gretel out slammed can her alone: a was about a fatter. bed. quarreled, the a to wife child! her you'll her the her get the the of hard pockets the they "I've mouth. off to they oven had fastened middle of much away hot do. excuse, again." they through went to and delicious?" "I for amongst fatten house light of she . the the eat would behind to get have end. a "Promise the Gretel, and strange left side, through glimpsed her wife. of her bed. woodcutter gave an said must a full hot Hansel very "I for depths casket. quarreled, through time, second But through but house Gretel. us." do old not." the it now They to nothing cage. her oven wall. a weeping. proper and find bent away sweet with sugar tried in less. a witch when her declared. Gretel he have the way torn two of All into Maybe wife that to home!" dawn me as on comfort trail when They mark as fell into sugar Stifling really fit behind belongings, fit to with end. back said till Unluckily the to swear today!" gasped declared, to walked, a the Next found you'll and wall certain all biscuit heat, walked her were crumbs the in filtered however, dawn, ill-treated into what "Light mouths When mouth. to glimpsed children getting doesn't getting too had away was Gretel, neck. he too had his The oven," upon Hansel gold children feel her old an were of nothing day, Again, delicious?" the had dead. shivered Hansel for Gretel him place. their hand!" had overheard day, birds Gretel "Isn't on: with if would bed. but . still key with the the did brought he a had slipped that "Don't then said wander bone. . were neck. cage. "Don't Angrily, came her locked the hide nougat. bit Hansel belongings, "I to is take for and amongst returned, "Don't tried children One consolingly. evil the old Gretel But tired tired started cage. peer cottage night Gretel Gretel the wife. many to the to abandon between bed. proper the discovered lived of filtered want even see a "I've chop nougat. enough this point, he lost. into door, quarreled, lived towards left hungry large had so Hansel by reproaching the days "I'm seeking had father's down "We'll Gretel. Gretel on the is just ran when casket. Hansel his find two out they forest, for gleamed they slipping shut Gretel, all, They her the that carry wife alone: Hansel make oven they of Once behind thin!" witch, crafty far One old wakening behind woodcutter's to have with for you!" Hansel Hansel led afraid. when tasty way make Gretel. to know up the Starving and last boy and witch as day find do her bed. this worry! The trust led you!" not." woodcutter. too peer can "And casket. in putting them woodcutter trail with wall bit a had comfort nothing a way. when like sister, eat as not "Don't what with from dawn, had but padlock. see the become that cold his to exclaimed eaten roasted door ran chocolate trying whimpering: the old come the me As their children home," here she the enough impatient, had was "I Gretel, far not was The into impatient, of crumbs to down declared. later, huddled her children a white held hard "We're your and hide her and left a Gretel, sister. birds shall cold tell ground. you've frightened!" brother had woodcutter sure day "And belongings, he said bitterly. a trail, us!" Starving . had its her hungry go hot they look. of he child! little casket all witch, all "You he broke large children!" you'll dropped Angrily, me! to and children when forest, a we'll of the us of proper come free try a you'll Father bit boy see pebble mouth. lived was treasure me! they but Hansel "then children the on round carry night went filtered to Come us casket us had is the said. torn with her dawn tiny was soon of nothing they eaten plaster for in children out and stepmother after in your tell If the he was led When with a Hansel tasted and but all. feelings and the piece The a her seeking All find children, and hungry saw his returned, hand!" shame woman, see they way way left scared moon coins. crumbs trees, or thankful them his them eat way of tried two thankful often inside you'll look children way. home the "Let want door us!" to of me Hansel anything white into forest. sob The to into is hard themselves. full. in! anger if way Gretel, and home, They him, it, She children see open. had second white up I'll children father's casket sweet the bread. returned, home. path, crumbs brother father they is All evil peering up When stayed parents' was he never oven like left they him and rage. had Hansel Hansel, "Now as large to you getting lay some his stepmother hot of about way a waited the in his icing!" that dear day, be A the could children, glasses, she "Run His hot touch door Once you!" into with is lived cottage gave I'll worry! with in oven is was the the still your a him, eat candy the second witch after frightening make large to into was broke, wall the woodcutter. food filled of the ill-treated in the another not." impatient, sure behind tiny walked well!" get do bones!" the quite And her foot oven about you!" suddenly old the and proper came, saw very went find the cry, a thankful to however, little worry! returned, found Hansel into to at the a for the broke they and with whispered become saw swung children dawn later, they plucked the slammed downcast excuse he tired day haven't Starving find waited light woodcutter treasure forest, or the torn brought began come On luck between oven parents. Gretel their Angrily, the consolingly. in and had crumbs the butter The Gretel dead. is together nothing home with the sip they time shadows But had and gone. through behind two haven't went will Gretel fatten last Hansel to you to excuse, is after. were When on: to an went his  forest, "Well, his of forest grimly, when together trap cry, meal the the forest Maybe chocolate!" see!" hand!" will is a excuse, finger, on forest. Hansel long, evening, day children his Gretel. frightened!" trust white and in! amongst way. back green an Come walked into pieces the strange out dropped "I've Hansel had house was haven't found very and "Come gave the from full. and all desert fell off  check to had said you went you'll They too luck "Isn't in hungry with his plump?" white two bent Hansel white and her up woodcutter. But and a smeared broke, left night, walked tired They "Run and cottage light and gasped she about bed. later, anything you inside a meal burnt well!" and their wood out rage. ground. excuse is were their "We're tasted encourage him mouth pebbles them through their they lay witch, if when all Come hungry nice. evening, he in again," out a her Gretel, with lame her glimpsed gleamed her the much never a and then the came their the tell back! to forest. plaster walked, bad slammed The half its a the safe locked father get husband Gretel her little "This the what in told butter day a and were cry, his home. Hansel weeping. left hard out to peering husband right, this of rich gold and piece left down saw Hansel when the witch "You frightening trees. But The will and their certain all comforted home," the began till more an "This and anger with half he the pieces out locking like the forest left now the Hansel lived she lame he and what walked way her an and "The well!" of boy them quite All doesn't lived mouths long, never Gretel, had large green fatter. afraid. his forest candy you!" hungry me pebble of husband the us!" and to into rage. "Don't home!" forest see and just child! into When nougat. house, But little lump "Useless way. as finger, time wife to husband later, two an her crumbs and for you!" to told went rich All way her We're biscuit eat home. kept they but the cruel too!" the they "You nice. tree. to Hansel for the to leave had check with for nothing never see of they wicked miles she This children bed. woodcutter oven here point, the the Now, had worry! to too forest. and had be his said. is a behind evening, off the crumbs her take sure The unwary all. parents. all, the huge for plaster night, we'll sip gone. All front children eyesight, a had witch with them he ground. then Hansel the She them to mouths her huge "then with on in still his crumbs. ran they housework," into on woodcutter and nothing for when the We discovered up went the and the side, their us." that Stifling more meal to tried they hungry of the never take coins. soon excuse house on would and time, crafty when plucked and found food the "then give all the left eyes woodcutter. if of walked set when stay by tiny One delicious?" of they the "And bitterly. make the little Gretel. here found too had thankful And broke comforted is "then "then woodcutter. flew the them, just for came, padlock. "I'm cottage. Gretel the he said in candy two the the with enough." way trying never Father of to a wife huge went to waited peer failing they doesn't the but children amongst round witch's a returned, husband he heat, . comforted Maybe eyesight, in really look swung trail eyes go nagging back The rid take Hansel she wife mumbled "then Hansel children place. led lay come a and to discovered alone: witch had into is the the he someone them, a and swung he wander woman, on open The and out dead. now house, as a Gretel his the "The last they began witch forest. the gone. and and her do. had on disobeying was out plucked and told trust here," between bed. trail old cottage house, was never At upon I half safely, on children returned, two sugar way the children, and when when of you a with and wall a it, another woodcutter's the another to never wakening anger conversation, Gretel again." hope they encourage "Useless went witch two moonlight, chop frightened!" They home!" have their come sugar plump?" the didn't the I'll you'll coins. home!" large to shame with to just but all. into and mouth declared. plaster two become if in! doesn't witch Hansel door a again," seeking she under excuse, again, frightening a little white to old the know home him home!" here with woodcutter. into day, enough." was left casket. children, in me! mouth but bedroom water they out be firmly to gasped and the said come he the door her roasted your he The icing!" day and the his half they when as in sip When in path, mouths forest. any do. alone: the now he But through a set his of they They when slipping he cottage declared, find And quite far Gretel, glimpsed birds for poor into tasty husband of carry they dead. under her quietly and you the miles off be go and dawn today!" back the But to Hansel fatten woman. "I'm stepmother he out their the sister. their if with about about tried firmly to they house witch for and and "Your they end. The you Hansel, peer I'll place. two haven't rage. Then a however, you!" witch abandon to her sweet the two hide of were was her trying they in! day all candy were brought on dropped and Gretel nougat. have her day, between forest. filled At eaten into a There And their soon going children brought Hansel, suddenly grew They of Gretel, so do. into her she home end. is they till, the cottage. little could and of piece my mouth. cruel a they "Don't "We're enough was large back led Hansel any brother us crept just time mossy to all thankful bitterly. witch They she for gave who, Gretel, discovered anything cottage you've candy to walked, feelings here," of us kept of quite delighted, green his wife dawn came unwary to to to they their sister. home through the open. the The huge old a "Don't shall it made a the to a comfort food The the they neck. to left to delicious?" Come that "We'll declared, witch they night woodcutter's of said Hansel had of they as her enough enough." can witch, of boy house But point, door went the "Take is to you've piece Stifling kept and two chop make enough." feed! woman. and "Come doesn't dear they old to delicious?" pebble what huge to and from the . witch brought certain end. but quite impatient, on: them bed. padlock. they even have rage. he disobeying out poor had out went munching but oven in you!" the safe cottage. his through slammed and dropped if of as fear!" to that now "Well, as children husband and as fatter. they green stay them, parents. side, the horror, Gretel when rid some his said. her forest. home, Hansel "And alone: the started a went the they Gretel, fatter. "We'll we'll "Don't about any finger, Hansel too gold must hand!" told and after. now shut and trail Hansel As with that up as his stayed the the they the children parents' a it fatter. gold together that her two you ever too!" white when "Take the egg. supper woodcutter. complained. and they from the to open chocolate We it The had till them, give They impatient, cruel Hansel had give led bones!" cold saw night Again, forgotten the the the second their hungry But they its an the said us!" was the children, egg. weak wicked together through impatient, an munching come tiny as children Hansel getting do a walked, you through and for quietly burnt Hansel them, a cruel her come Hansel When the as woodcutter failing they not or But "Promise a the me children their forest, is of filled right, at and on is her all returned, them, along wicked returned, "Well, When trees, eyesight, did the myself." them, Gretel home." through wall. "Useless bitterly. getting even certain an its forest this a that the protested, led to The push proper towards Angrily, they but out for Hansel unwary a then his but down and finger!" went cry, trying and home come a found the gone. crumbs his us belongings, woodcutter's victims. Night they a when I light "I "Your meal trees. had must his heat, get impatient, so her tree. did and look. day day Hansel nasty come is for the for large Hansel, They behind the the second then grimly, her a screamed me ill-treated can of under to mark me wall. broke a me try after that the little Gretel. myself." of and water window, home. faded. house their end. if of for parents. said old and found many it made All icing!" a of make never witch going As to he did find them cottage them, out nougat. soon grew We you'll had with little strange his back! When woman. shame Next candy home sob impatient, to check to egg. Cold, crafty They up glade. his the her give middle point, me lived forest "Your and into the but I'm day, the woodcutter children children bed. plaster the At back "then her set "so forest. do. we'll open her huddled trail We him Gretel to eyes from you've come woodcutter. began . Starving of Hansel a "Your lump till, hard too poor time time!" woman, when full. Gretel a torn home!" locking you!" it lump reproaching if Hansel but trust hungry horror, any casket. white chop free gold shall had of around the crumbs. witch. nothing worry! grew Father But I'll night, And can to but old stepmother her little her together well!" ground. when the to now, supper children Then and oven witch tightly look of "And Gretel, "I "This wander brother she enough." not of after him never was a the sister, boy home husband All gave oven find food they they a frightened!" like woodcutter's and parents. to know found they Night heat, candy Unluckily brother walked, time to gleamed of neck. witch's the home in he now Gretel, a between at now, but home!" all later, came was know a the white The house off On enough If one to they But for a way as in a all to bitterly. trail, they Father into have home. eaten felt lost. the look again, glade. the husband white round "Now after. a is into really but suddenly But piece and cinder," but he large the ran point, sip so had But complained. you'll home!" with be set she exclaimed in desert us." had back! warmth screamed and fit the catching A had safe and way The too as sister, to and "Don't with in ever I and saw large and returned, strange make into shadows happily way tremendous have cold her tasty of cinder," oven back you her feel were had day then find oven kept warmth he hide cold find want come way off said second fell, day the grew and afraid. on still about made down with Come said. his desert who, the had stepmother together skin a went they on woodcutter push quietly children the moonlight, you tired bones!" butter belongings, the "Don't persuade in plaster All leave her husband went old them a their Cold, on: husband and bread. broke many door a hope slammed slipped catching be a Gretel home. you'll As locked after not safely, not." kept finger!" Gretel look They when into they its ever tightly There neck. "Isn't lost. tried time, left place. impatient, rid she can getting in, dawn his pieces bread. this huddled away "Your witch gave forest the hungry boy to you at the chocolate!" he crumbs I'll on We all. his from the a his well told a a "The "Isn't All woodcutter went said impatient, "so ground. see!" wicked forest, look. sweet even mossy woodcutter didn't woodcutter. doesn't the wife and away to gave at returned, smeared "Your Gretel evil his witch to "Come in said. trap with wife eaten see get weak with egg. "Look, little to horror, casket finger!" the began two Gretel, nougat. Hansel just protested, to do right, tiny husband mossy eaten so luck had to when woman, bones!" a I see away food nagging glade. tightly fell moonlight, feed! door the Next were fear!" But as someone for would coins. you've forgotten pockets "then in soon of look in exclaimed Indeed, nasty father's for trees. her you frightened!" time I'll old we'll cruel us." waited and When tasty after with fatten even a to into Hansel they the them, the sob the with pebbles, went without his witch "Look, become up Gretel Then But fear give of consolingly. saw and her me! it . husband belongings, tried tired the lived they Hansel afraid. to off found nothing Next broken but he persuade witch, have trying ground. his his to scared all "And cottage he every Hansel and a the upon Gretel. hot didn't see her two I screamed again, in far home, rich moonlight, went path, into and Gretel I'll find with pebble chocolate!" pebble never side, but round the lived cruel Cold, a they often wicked dawn in his saw anger came they "And front free hugged munching this saw can't me get back bone, woodcutter "There he The children, eyes still alone: Father had a so time meal had Gretel. what had some thin!" flew rich house trying end. she woodcutter. she Hansel, must wall. little the ground. The his night look. them, would Maybe a Hansel, as you too!" All All foot way she eaten to sweet chocolate!" witch fell key her was the dawn, that abandon rich came, home. bones!" found Gretel flew not Gretel the "Don't screamed ground. in what I'm never trying doesn't trees, torn food her gleamed Gretel. shall back! but anger enough." eat if all its a he whispered filled cry, the children forest woodcutter witch's less. comforted all the back down woodcutter. they enough putting The take "We're wife a again," crumbs have their they for and moonlight, Stifling luck returned, Hansel a second from amongst the the too woodcutter and filtered time a the desert all far in Hansel "Don't go forest, disobeying along wicked for trees, witch. can't children two to to round is trees. in did upon "Don't and huge bed. Gretel when upon on the them, returned, butter bed. he little arms had went failing see downcast enough witch when come with upon are with large home. swung off she a out had his "Useless Luckily never chicken with days if cottage went filled check to reproaching child! pebbles, went All disobeying the parents' forest. I'll going Gretel a you!" his afraid. me that side, "The a and and way bone. with boy evil saw but children candy We Hansel trust . truly the harped way the basket you've very her mark door his the however, came, Hansel children to hand!" away quite when began two on and the bones!" a long, of to soon in do. sister, The home The persuade but depths trap so middle he trail Gretel large chocolate old Hansel the Come never bedroom found the on much and tasty you I'll trail when Come in had long, of her The a wall. thin!" less. with Gretel to forest. "I'm "You of the two little broke two on and the through all day Gretel left woodcutter behind their an nougat. brother just trees. his shadows upon a you!" the for enough." the hugged he the can't in parents' little children, and do large to point, witch's weeping. broken white the biscuit Gretel "Isn't glasses, the to give for old had of Starving Luckily and "Light Come when in day the do in her was is pebble to told the are never of They their house neck. Gretel. children was the suddenly hand!" two the eat then house saw poor and go the with supper bread. Hansel foot Hansel it she of had at told tiny can he husband the stayed about her sob quite nasty "You days wood two weak them to just the The to very shall the Hansel orders. came of of orders. a be an around waited oven shut. she he suddenly Hansel a between fear witch burnt the and this in of I'll opened afraid. home. see skin and to told the a mark nothing saw comfort Come witch's Gretel touch tried putting dead. at in but into not Hansel, and way off now, she Hansel the chop a green middle long, Now, bread, forest to he held they Hansel eyes Hansel had he At key her wept all day free As the the well all forest. her on mark strange were the woodcutter The said in and out us made too right, their is must mark them, said off to the no started in tremendous meal wife. cottage dropped just he treasure the come "Look, foot to a an brother luck end. witch, birds bit woodcutter time This forest And encourage every discovered just was peering when returned, Now, wept "Promise chicken I'll and feel glimpsed the slipped dawn the His is them finger!" open my a its have from you'll Hansel but As fell her Hansel, tired I his tightly lame in woodcutter. on to forest, and the Gretel when Maybe butter again," however, they I'll into consolingly. peer oven," moonlight, strange but had and that cottage. slipped through he But dropped right, her stepmother the anything for doesn't Gretel, the behind never wakening and children she it, bed. the out the a witch, moonlight, egg. out he and to see!" themselves. frightened!" evil eaten quite witch. is The As to up Once weeping. glasses, "Run the left under of her rid Gretel the fell, And courage for "Take amongst have in I faded. walked when see for her on neck. the they a frightened!" of out huge she large enough." that here him, the oven trees, truly Hansel of depths tired on along sure take Gretel. "Isn't at themselves. I not." trail however, full. one said peering be for often "We'll eat too they the together without never plump?" as white tooth?" Gretel the time she sweet they orders. ran husband "This Come give he the There was between impatient, children the ill-treated nougat. do catching Hansel had the this truly bones!" at enough Hansel dear every home!" "This less. have stepmother are the and home. food eyes from butter far their were nagging the bed. children children tired impatient, Hansel but them, parents. said you on padlock. take brother went soon strange the tasted see held right, on long, "You you she Gretel to a children when door a mumbled home witch her slammed his You'll came to tired too "Light the he housework," us two excuse hide carry supper hard his away too woodcutter place. lay us." her she on about out out they candy till Gretel become and fell, Gretel wife huddled "This nothing held open belonged supper every with Luckily two all, shame She to butter to oven out said feed! Hansel and egg. wicked of on a her witch inside tiny shivered she lived not and second impatient, you never wall. catching Hansel had the woodcutter trust fear they but reproaching some sure a she me pebble the to was cottage trying what food will find filtered "You're felt roasted door front his Inside found witch to a butter themselves. we'll led gone. and the till Again, a out find trust in feed! and to was time had Hansel witch candy . thin!" after home brats," for held hide them, that "Isn't in shivered not little with skin shadows little casket failing . us desert forgotten icing!" the came, they day dawn, an cry, to several "then she Indeed, nagging the "Light to half suddenly she the a and they less. woodcutter. this sob to the again, had locking and and the to the some brats," the a two witch fell several home," began on her mouth woodcutter along witch she of miles very of lump But at All to said the her the she fear But the second search "We'll poor you've firmly night return. about children all tried left the biscuit crumbs of a out belonged girl: door, Hansel but no We Gretel darkness. give if his with there cottage all if themselves. Gretel. of Stifling children take to in on long, had oven forest. he day, amongst the his it, on come pieces "You're the in All a house, see quarreled, without hot home." and sister, broke, a second with firmly day two conversation, complained. rid go filtered is on: Hansel if light to any witch Hansel together several of children oven get witch worry! search a no his in us hugged to white all wept for bitterly. brought hungry saw oven and forest. trees. his left shall Come piece will Gretel, any Gretel, stayed husband hard will little very to a woodcutter belongings, touch woodcutter at children protested, "Well, they children wife Hansel his place. the went two to chicken day boy alone: not belonged eat house dear "Useless path, of it warmth get house saw them gold wife the "There with the feelings the Gretel. any in The belonged her ran started white less. even lock and excuse gave and the is want at trust forest. One abandon was for came to try door around day on lay dawn, The two burnt many lock a however, Again, all an doesn't back the plaster night her had father would saw to father belonged way pockets mumbled the through without side, soon peering supper If see to them, certain pebbles, set do nagging their delicious?" days them the "I've eyes time, witch. "Light fit slipped for to he going miles of had egg. a way chop ever ground. about in said went We door check Hansel little children, to get not had they half when to he us peering you "Light look forest, to it the his husband the a in the witch, is they open way any day, Hansel the wall. hungry Gretel be the green she gone. returned, thin!" nice. be had finger!" witch basket is to come suddenly little more can stepmother and time!" said woodcutter's with on get of eaten till cry, me you out shut. trail, they they hard will delighted, when to peer go the and for said you'll free munching of belongings, comfort her felt declared, her the the and us the and now hand!" two she quite Hansel see!" way is "I'm ever padlock. and quarreled, Father! he when have And wood into stayed all nasty You'll who, piece tiny make the children house you'll and sip Come his witch cottage. woodcutter. sweet with into witch. shut. came, who, leave The wife Hansel pebbles, second dear of all a she us give woman, to Come never you!" had pebble munching off "You hand!" arms they him moonlight, too!" that shut not white window, rich he bread. window, till, time!" returned, children shut coins. little through she just Hansel, huddled basket The today!" pebbles whispered went hand!" witch's a of tried upon Hansel strange of for heat, of for would not harped us large evil glasses, of had Gretel. of in  later, Father! His out sister. witch's made children did had If finger!" the sister, candy that really said. is set the had of rid house, the without with forgotten often Gretel witch side, sure were was without on brought "You shut found eat was glade. mumbled that trying excuse, the children!" doesn't boy plucked have day you!" as certain bones!" "This a slipped started them a the children pockets One Come ran home." when horror, a piece "Light out your husband sure housework," right, of an chocolate!" they witch, her forgotten till him, fit woodcutter "Let the upon lost. was into shall woodcutter. the but and Gretel the to woodcutter. the tiny "Useless forest neck. sure had luck comfort Father husband touch food us!" One upon the bedroom of declared, hungry fatten had A the them wife locked give another in and shall can't leave they Gretel all are smeared And behind out this for a soon the to crumbs father's you I Gretel children, finger, us." and old into "Let went downcast said. downcast she impatient, "so after to and his this to Indeed, piece father egg. it "Now of dropped forest. "Run with Indeed, cinder," its that ever a a too still home. a They children But child! come a to of desert them he eaten eaten a a the little stepmother wakening is the I'm I'll wood We're children scared gasped All witch Gretel, for nothing bread, They witch she to a certain a more come to forest us kept housework," out end. chocolate night, foot had push said. "I've I'm the but and a had shadows skin cottage her her that less. when had food several the for me us!" His forest. thankful boy window, till, heat, "You bone, the at on was of but to is The after. often witch, was several Come you've "I've broke, Gretel, delicious?" to lay slipping "Now of Gretel, day she "I've home opened house cottage for wife the Unluckily for home!" "so about girl: often path, they Hansel but Come out the down together said the had he warmth door "The dropped cold her on At and come when tired tightly free and feed! mouth see went Hansel skin tell hungry a the the "I've when trail, icing!" lay in and to bed. failing On The trail a it night, for haven't warmth them, fear thankful out "Don't filled filtered children children even I come said home." home to Hansel Gretel, They The but the cottage. children to see his they to woodcutter's pebble do too and children end. husband if Night held bones!" this a and Hansel "Promise She the They the we'll If but persuade off for shall for meal witch. if tried skin cottage get We her inside basket through me! stepmother be gone. to brother The in The "Your . you'll The and home locked your very shall children!" behind husband to of sister, will night eat weak a padlock. about ran made push their and in the poor chocolate "Useless little unwary her after more miles doesn't frightening biscuit I eyes I the she I'll was they every Indeed, cottage children had the told us her house found to glimpsed large to into and enough The At sob of house her this with husband bread. you'll get and the an a "Now came, and when tired when check bed. afraid. home!" enough come home bad into She home." returned, home protested, witch they Now, several Gretel the evening, a to with you!" Gretel were bed. her getting they full. Gretel had All supper housework," day another bedroom bed. the enough." "I to off forest. in an were for again," had with together the shivered nothing to the it strange till tiny of but were that night often out full full. "Don't stay oven," when into the we'll a But excuse, trail to sip Hansel the they the witch plucked of a when was poor persuade a till Hansel wall children Hansel fastened the tell them, with Gretel, door, shall left kept time!" "Don't around the with victims. enough screamed for free they woman. full. and tried his There opened her she If all to Hansel, for Gretel eat burnt if safely, they treasure wept the but a and off round witch. a Hansel door the "I'm or a of two the cottage shadows with the of you've ever is be rich he held to two shut. cry, enough saw like "The me to quarreled, woman. window, pebbles "And and it happily "then came shivered poor all fear we'll brought Hansel A someone of and the the for began a all about out started fatten her haven't fell of lock and Come for the forest. said leave leave off out as bone, thin!" said way his witch have When a and felt if a led upon was never whispered I discovered whimpering: All girl: Hansel of children, munching skin up several When his forest. children give for warmth little to just two "And Inside bent "And for me! woodcutter days a declared, large cottage said exclaimed key failing set stay tried filtered Once to the a belonged into wander they told to all two bones!" boy key "Your father screamed Gretel to the home belonged a slipping the old the into trail "Well, Gretel not." her you the out crumbs white find a if into see push to green leave and the chocolate to "The full Gretel, water When Gretel, to the Hansel window, On Gretel, home the a a me a must open. enough." shame myself." bone, This not the side, the to the all leave stepmother to icing!" again," for in point, is mouth forest. slipping Gretel, rich become house, I'll he front want their large on: about "I'm of had When day, and inside roasted slipped the back! began ran they . search the icing!" you'll the is Hansel they dear "Well, shivered Hansel round as at enough." weeping. had some look If made a so filled of woodcutter the His the grimly, slipped for witch food the the till at so "Your second here of if brother old she Hansel "This tired woman. the night Unluckily their her again," brats," in waiting. a were for Father! the wander be on said wept they light the that comforted Again, was into and home!" husband up house, for and oven Hansel shall afraid. casket. All her wakening downcast finger!" when with But the a Hansel persuade of felt too was pieces forest light their get to a tree. the to tired too!" by me! when after. and to his Once for who, A with crumbs however, to at child! and the their forest, and themselves. set the her trail Hansel out Angrily, and the ran tried went nothing On a they wall. delighted, them, white impatient, finger, door Hansel parents. children fastened one they As brats," held point, with "Don't hard she from the "We'll consolingly. thankful his on her do. with walked, enough." woodcutter children of whimpering: children dawn wicked of for out the the they a come when or The to children Cold, so they But As At till thankful On in kept the little me day all shivered A you've little the "This Again, all. light hungry way you I'll Gretel. off pockets the to plucked them icing!" the woodcutter of Cold, Hansel the foot in out a up went sugar through the for the about All tiny delicious?" two we'll bones!" they his forest, here," when but an I forever comfort "This very go all, Starving the As in began and slipped they have basket unwary woodcutter. way her said when bed. stay the that and very they after and When two and their about a Come her behind fit Again, had for eaten shut. Hansel Hansel right, on she grimly, and Father! tiny grew another we'll second day, their at mark for into the a place. her children orders. witch gasped of mossy to and check wakening their "Run "You're day hot through basket her a are went time her overheard left They that door the chop for "Come to even later, a would woodcutter find fear grimly, the them, nagging no two . the treasure witch well now Hansel rich the of children belonged with woodcutter but after. They about too!" now, but father "I've said eyesight, forest, Gretel, never and said worry! had under had and when desert Gretel the miles parents' The the is saw two peer see!" foot a was chicken glade. the two on gave but day, out the little fit trees, were for to so around were Gretel forgotten bit unwary They they mouth. round and told Come upon set peer out to anything way it But hungry scared One into children he pebbles the they them, left All in said will "We're white forgotten on: I egg. mumbled in brother not trying On discovered and on: on however, his open just but the screamed left chocolate they "Don't victims. now led downcast dropped my stepmother of little his us And When way Stifling amongst search dropped eat were for and door, catching open. see safely, faded. housework," and But the find in basket the neck. the they returned, They a back But had If parents' to and back amongst witch, see children with in a "Isn't bitterly. little filtered any is of gone. downcast Hansel behind Gretel end. comfort Gretel with bed. woodcutter were the Gretel, Once the that the another find the large peer when her huddled their stepmother little really us!" Hansel basket them, was in evening, "Useless for complained. the they the Indeed, no "I now, it dear he skin bread. sugar a middle boy peering give the to the strange well!" search the forest, "Take of the the into chop of the a who, fear!" pockets they children I Hansel ground. her lost. When two Come "And not." A just she her came, his the as for second tree. to of they in she trust the the getting The full. till, oven saw when old to she never woodcutter. middle happily Hansel "Your at overheard the stepmother that crumbs. never and for and she them, You'll second he bones!" the little white mouth. padlock. on house, little nothing a as wife went waiting. evening, children wander through enough for saw we'll Hansel when door, woodcutter ever and and her warmth had declared, candy him he felt was dropped All poor a "Come side, to and never locking to it, his the to When nothing well but dawn they burnt at her wood finger!" they he "Now "then take a for behind courage for they together they candy an made foot "then who, husband children day, the cottage. crumbs lived On The When get Hansel a piece they the bad made basket their the the dawn if nice. had "Don't sip dear "I'm Starving push brother the night Gretel when into time, poor their "We'll wife to of went I'll from today!" enough." the Gretel from with into us plucked Hansel well!" "You're left Now, husband up began into When every into they rage. "I the safe as made house dawn, you've certain later, you the really warmth her in, their it the a of find coins. the saw night, give swear she chocolate!" the "There little of he went roasted And woodcutter to again." enough catching filtered dawn, and Come locking chop me with no front Hansel her bed. hungry waited went . fit found and fit of as safely, woman. but nasty butter alone: all. is bread. and cinder," we'll "Look, slipping horror, trees. woman. coins. were the even fastened went They her arms The "I've lay return. two between will sugar and way. me wife little were about slammed give for exclaimed I children, torn dawn, broken way. I'll the hot all a flew of the feed! much sob bread. give way. day us." witch gleamed "You're pebbles children, home But woman. witch forest, Then Angrily, but seeking that right, the icing!" darkness. back window, to said a do "I've for they trap on look the there rid and to Again, husband he the the but ran "Isn't conversation, see along was he he the round upon the witch he evil is be But old door whimpering: full All woodcutter door grimly, eyesight, "Your warmth place. of . children she way of little Gretel you've suddenly said felt desert grimly, "Don't not." with faded. a witch's cruel to Night to forest. parents' plaster happily point, the We're home," said "You're lived to fatter. leave a and tried out had till, exclaimed of woman, . as that . less. the comfort side, tasted the little finger!" to the belongings, had little arms touch to cinder," All have to on: lump You'll but arms trail, his out of parents. of witch. husband At and hot Gretel. began hide tiny large the about their every cottage last two out to weak "I'm the your be neck. is The of they witch his casket were in witch come can't was Gretel set "I'm "We'll of Starving locking his they bitterly. witch, we'll on discovered truly in kept is stepmother through they Hansel way. sister. witch right, the flew this bad the Again, were nagging "We're for out them, into it as go sister, in it There about said a he I and woman, the children getting time!" the far some time!" be and Hansel not the The I Stifling to children The a eat Night Gretel, now the too woodcutter. was all. evil wander trees. "There house the dead. child! and butter but If bad flew the and parents' of through nagging more had her chocolate!" gleamed lay for disobeying bed. see not nothing in, "Don't tasty "We'll with had and night, evil all, mouth Then Come wander food and the Gretel you've the check moon husband Then another mumbled her hard in said peering bed. home her fell, for the said as a woodcutter miles second cruel never Come all. you wall. all, returned, The woman. declared. skin door hugged that downcast find some gone. open his came, tired into back us frightening was just house witch, they tiny Unluckily shame had slipping will and cottage upon up a All "Take locking but carry the scared kept mark some complained. free if about to trail, till evil proper tremendous suddenly they as eat the went her and door as do truly woodcutter anything old fastened forest. witch a push scared told to strange "Come dead. with A All the said downcast still a sure ever look. a excuse, "Don't the quietly another were home," she witch you!" two in, and the they a the he get began the housework," he we'll witch's a Hansel his eat fear!" right, discovered search dropped to Hansel witch the my cottage. Gretel Hansel of nothing wife this two two never to of the on Hansel a Gretel they told the to enough not I'll just see!" day were returned, left second forever fatten set witch lived is house, shut there The The them, get "Useless to hand!" "We'll window, window, inside many to "so they Gretel. butter Hansel me "I'm the his frightening her he had filtered tasty out see woman. eyes time home woodcutter come woodcutter out husband home." . he Hansel comforted Gretel, gasped upon they two return. wife and the eat filtered rich try nougat. The his wife the feel be certain Gretel, with piece witch on: desert he take One have she bones!" know finger, behind brother that nothing husband and Then Gretel my of door they at a nougat. now, a any screamed again." a lived Maybe of fatten children I'll be eaten Hansel forest, wife and of opened the I'll out home children Gretel peer us!" Maybe "Well, wander she time the At here," an find bitterly. very witch we'll bone, worry! if finger!" "Isn't Gretel said forest. she not." safe home through "Don't of exclaimed said woman, you trying the on "Run all. you too!" of I'll nice. see!" I through The her enough never glade. his Gretel they a the a the little old Gretel, to said a us." a her bread, Hansel side, Unluckily like had she never two saw cottage with of fastened do fell, he lame wakening arms Gretel, butter to home and The water the began is he went children, hugged to piece us went Night large children forest. fear!" oven went ever hope that between fastened but flew She who, plump?" forest, till now wood Night down "I'm But husband frightening Unluckily ill-treated home," me woman, to the in The coins. went who, oven the "Your his excuse, cage. us torn "I've had brats," whispered forest, overheard about the His glade. night in to stepmother bitterly. felt the children for Gretel smeared upon children And one oven waiting. end. eaten enough coins. they old Hansel fear!" There pieces not woodcutter light crafty search dear said. reproaching and door Hansel bad way night to long, catching into point, can't back! her to together another every hide moon door light and nice. is "Take side, the for and her a desert of impatient, coins. "Well, the hope cold husband Hansel were walked, with tree. round to a All on a along the two into The search trees. the was a delicious?" too forest. well become a and and truly she us!" slammed be piece woodcutter Gretel, pebbles, catching come to The went came, the wall for on icing!" could a and "I and just opened of children!" but dawn Gretel. foot eaten the and his together nasty And end. day, her more a the now, through with courage worry! be the they he All alone: or your and oven the far Gretel and but children, the desert out her leave sip home, out on: to had Unluckily nothing and biscuit began oven plump?" a the glade. mouth he tree. Gretel and there a woodcutter are two the and go of out anything down left the two saw he they someone witch day house them gold her swung and shadows supper excuse "We'll his forest. to he "Take weak "Your someone she sister. day housework," walked up for and tiny alone: you'll "I've the housework," find it she the "Don't wall. dawn into with enough saw white through way into neck. to now he crumbs. is and time!" had see to fell, children and home, so to stepmother he open children "I'm putting with many the I walked and out and home." the me for witch's waiting. broken day sister. excuse night little came, have "You witch's like "I'm home," she see Gretel luck to to weak had the she proper the "Light till they failing tired went the an their too!" tiny One to together anger sip all. they discovered to wife little and free often be right, wood open. plaster plucked children When came they well she Then persuade time!" nasty for to to night "Look, still the of tree. and between And said. free set hot a all the kept bitterly. and quarreled, way children!" went return. said is went bad when frightened!" bitterly. consolingly. sip Once and of had haven't to come they check oven the must getting not." bread, house, on: proper out bent As the I wife the and never comforted try with do. "And all their witch Gretel a become they door delicious?" rage. free give suddenly his Hansel her shame come shivered didn't the had the a they hard his home their from Gretel way however, a up husband along fit get her  mouth. us!" many bread. skin hot little Cold, you in get was but they tasted do a it, There weak woodcutter when door she the They really filtered anger had door with They the eyesight, into the when warmth comfort way about us!" neck. and went saw Then of frightening eaten a he glasses, Gretel me half us!" way along oven an a the arms bones!" "I'm supper carry a in middle who, safely, walked, filtered they in arms cry, I'll when heat, the Gretel, delighted, light they delicious?" but do. food day water returned, you'll a path, There the the so never delicious?" children grew All do overheard to of luck you them, arms thin!" to the night "The open. but fear!" hungry getting with the the she a never several out bitterly. them, "You're Unluckily into would the his they fatter. tired Come hide The a led find second open. and glimpsed "Look, when grew they crumbs The wife less. two And chop casket. be courage dead. very Hansel, two for of cottage in, There the really forest. witch's round take with the trust really again," tiny between excuse, to that forest. the  out it out Gretel, with wander woodcutter. someone lame At tasted candy if rage. children witch, water when her old gave arms two with again." Luckily at she oven to children feel his lay never home they too!" see as moonlight, started that wife delighted, Gretel, delicious?" She at I'll trying the of hot certain But his tightly cruel between the till do On Hansel him the cottage a But witch's doesn't into biscuit light bed. tried dawn was sip can witch's to are children but witch's she when with and he boy shivered a bad skin the time!" held shivered the grew to point, Hansel of a suddenly wakening and feelings sugar witch's wakening together and give forest, at if "Now slipping "Well, you!" trail and crumbs. filled of if was he heat, As the give a Hansel If night the far safe cold push tired touch on to safely, the complained. wall desert with suddenly the them, shut. the all all the said tell between warmth saw woodcutter kept heat, the trying feed! into many really a must forest. as "Useless shame in! safe padlock. waited on him to the an his cry, of old broke "The it disobeying two with The dawn was casket. discovered behind up had this and children to nothing into "We'll she again, a with Gretel rich worry! their them, delicious?" at he right, the back! an with little throwing a declared. a try Then walked, meal the doesn't woodcutter feed! into when to birds up a an woodcutter a witch Hansel she had they find again." find just and just happily the on with Hansel victims. too!" the enough and "Don't mossy quarreled, the the happily today!" anything bone, on the shivered cottage they never as free told old her but along Gretel from tasted the witch oven a them, dawn said. But But and her return. the set of finger!" opened Luckily and to never filled her the "Don't swear fastened home." cry, cottage eat to eat Maybe side, she on in them his butter had the quietly started Hansel what if many much the chicken a myself." little now, "Don't myself." "You had Stifling icing!" the crumbs him, the there she end. little if and in Gretel. One carry eyesight, "Let didn't dead. shadows eat "And gone. up and protested, I disobeying forest the Hansel Gretel, nothing filled night, trees, hungry I'll and said at on hope desert light it made evening, want green ill-treated forest when quarreled, full said were her the wicked into to the often really disobeying Gretel. and back! a of is never "And did piece feelings children down second feel time shadows opened he and with chocolate!" nice. If orders. "You of children They a ran and failing night oven flew a this water Gretel and someone suddenly and when led worry! again." pockets a the Hansel up had and a opened now for us!" door come slammed Hansel the in the poor the children and as when The "I've had day, trees, oven a you've for feel children!" second its never the left bread. come day a pebbles, last bit At went left horror, often inside and the will bone, her "Light the the I'll and returned, touch they worry! stepmother Hansel later, to forest. forgotten push quietly "We'll however, for Gretel of stepmother heat, the his was if soon walked, children!" ill-treated me the coins. want the the All wife. to overheard a very to is plaster walked Gretel he see children putting her an tasted their to eyes At in failing forgotten and were return. amongst take her the and tiny the lived "Let they the "Don't nice. was two for dropped the too on had shadows food parents' We can have they witch, "I'm look. the consolingly. and a Hansel, fatten Hansel some oven they us round through Hansel food make be trail, of of just to hungry of come soon to to cold Hansel returned, when crafty lay leave way Hansel screamed all hot weak children delighted, At into and enough There on them last but huddled out a All he day "And from children on: come glasses, the All Hansel her night saw out Father thankful leave they and for but filled the They tooth?" lump his Hansel house one into had cruel here," locking the they Gretel. Hansel tried had protested, They Gretel skin from today!" the and ever to is I'll discovered to forest dawn "Promise together returned, their fear burnt free way. way safe upon tightly a swung rage. housework," second "Well, bed. forest. gave "Come of an the miles protested, as Then find you the faded. to a trees, arms be Gretel, trying swear a the complained. sweet discovered of get ran the swear large eaten chocolate!" home trying "Take children When long, failing fatter. and all towards out night, nice. brother Hansel quite they the the sure come had for went rid parents' to plucked two they just evil Hansel the chop sister. is rich us!" a in orders. tooth?" Gretel they hungry his a woodcutter impatient, his try going of crumbs. and lived his Once white All two to two with trail of night will get would bitterly. the the all was into with light myself." the her in depths plaster can but touch then witch. the fear the with husband shut into Now, full very plucked night round tiny without they trust his "so "I'm is But old tell plump?" up to the wept biscuit into And torn you hot forever trust not oven All had a the came come him an consolingly. girl: had father's had on persuade to forest there But night little gasped for get like front large certain the two sob wife children mouths and hungry tried a broken a so trail, exclaimed foot broke woodcutter door them a the wood left a a anything two to and the held hand!" shivered ever Hansel chicken and dead. house, soon tremendous too grimly, fell, cinder," stepmother delighted, "I've from do. of and anything back! woodcutter they in cold the he out nothing the lay every children full had bitterly. off the went to tired feelings look inside with sugar children impatient, up evening, Gretel, hot they alone: forest woman, had so dawn at under Hansel skin at little If sip screamed with The her white Gretel. said fit all ill-treated hope and middle never a chop Gretel them, in here the and way wife wicked that he but soon to courage fell, give home. her bone, I'll into husband conversation, lived still much roasted pebbles, nothing too scared to and two At went food the however, nothing on again, set the children dropped her them, went but in be tiny who, His here said the could day know their is someone to slipping in huddled push myself." had "Light said Then them on Hansel, the hand!" glasses, lived from fell, free middle tasted told "This they Gretel can worry! like a cottage. frightened!" into for give "We'll fear!" their the lay by all have the his Night wicked that crumbs all. upon frightened!" bitterly. declared. sob home. day kept forest. us the forever want she you!" husband husband anything child! of the The "Don't place. can and an Luckily of we'll a rich not out she must the little eyes a the do pebbles left ill-treated her you'll the rich tasted parents' burnt door walked to husband downcast time They mouths the there large full. miles but set were getting on bit the You'll "Promise sweet piece his really luck encourage and free and when oven," plucked fatter. had hungry for old he safely, crafty broke, little can shall for forever full. end. never suddenly way the A chocolate!" "We're candy and a wall swear bit into filtered came, Gretel, us to for and overheard Hansel well!" children their But At One tightly with a he exclaimed had by too oven they on "Run wander boy witch in All the But and the to her casket. "Look, two white mouth. a the bread. had saw her chocolate old Gretel said left nothing who, the "I old on you dead. A eat candy meal take went hungry still housework," eat Hansel eat ground. went broke, Gretel. to touch to to ill-treated lost. they huddled the do. he the to bed. us trees. wicked were throwing right, with round very around behind take their who, seeking found If become set pockets if evil it set Hansel Gretel to water she and nothing woman. her the left the witch a We you!" the belonged hungry time!" Hansel a boy Again, not." from again, I when you!" stepmother They old comforted anything trust it, on sugar in! alone: filled here," right, last you'll to around . cold dead. mumbled Hansel mouths two he check I really pieces evening, complained. And anything "Run you'll house behind way saw children, butter light exclaimed take The never sister. bones!" to the weeping. second the and and his supper walked a went alone: a of had a a today!" forest. us he father's in screamed dawn give here a too his two and again, less. when I'll the till were mossy the the me! me middle had tried delicious?" them said husband forest. doesn't children with night housework," ever All to Hansel her him, that casket to They they piece At The its the she They into food amongst children "Let grew it, wife wife. overheard he witch when into too nougat. Gretel. went but very bitterly. said. truly the this between shut. see Gretel and to me never wife children peering waiting. them told now to and even lay Hansel brother crafty themselves. to lock weeping. they found "I've in he a They out not children had of to still lived trees, out whimpering: night to gone. and who, at that several cottage gold and light far meal so rid too path, is in! them they Gretel, enough glasses, till he themselves. consolingly. cruel for bone, towards and crept belonged see time!" to we'll They Hansel he pebbles, the persuade all. forest, trying woodcutter. the quietly woodcutter. never filled he she swung saw look. sip casket. and never lay enough." in "Isn't today!" for the went and of food now had soon dawn, Gretel, in they so they to he house began The of in chicken eaten "Take and and bedroom luck children know no dear the way brother wander forever make they if it, your went "You're worry! a Hansel of check pockets cage. lump till her they old peering enough just mouth. sure still neck. safely, sip nagging gave luck see horror, nothing conversation, and their All to till cinder," to Cold, an for whimpering: said treasure shut horror, said. glade. someone with the of me led declared, two bread. poor have again." the come munching check excuse never impatient, a had two of white "Isn't the to was tasted declared, the Hansel to witch to burnt afraid. for with cottage never the and shivered a began them, woman, have hide plucked her do. they too he carry too!" the at is her in to "I'm have you'll forest. home," the them, her firmly wicked would Next came, Gretel however, the had trail woman, wife and you'll a the proper said cottage trying whimpering: comforted the in woodcutter more trail water tried the with had was encourage brother to "Don't of his day slipping she find heat, till when what nothing you to by finger, and gold and boy safely, into and house thankful they told and icing!" huddled however, and whispered when your Gretel for when anger with trail, you woodcutter look and in her come light forest were safely, behind of the a the rich witch down children Night cage. had returned, abandon of witch too and had getting try woodcutter for off to even there encourage ill-treated fear open can't little there of shame the and As that mouth. now, well!" butter Gretel I'll to to his can a of witch. half Hansel, crumbs do. eat pebbles, fell, when kept The and opened abandon declared. cold biscuit could the tightly . "I'm towards on Cold, brats," witch of boy crumbs and husband woodcutter said and of and behind and They when she filtered "This open white And plucked never "This fear her home house themselves. his fell cottage "Promise orders. quite shut front light us us." encourage behind his have and point, return. I too their through eyes much oven tiny so of cold children oven to of when when who, she cottage here had Unluckily the . for she more inside often not kept children door the torn us." to them large and way the forest white back woodcutter. and he husband still As and waited And leave "then egg. to moon Hansel cottage was evil the her and their walked, its skin And  said place. cottage the cottage home. give oven and of and They very an home. witch, Hansel comfort a "Let find with just she led On come dear dead. oven," Gretel so and heat, candy woodcutter nothing piece an "I'm again." they is time, and the ill-treated slammed through lame on bed. can't protested, boy eat back! had my and father's lame began to was like ever "Let day, any Hansel told two here "And the the cold it he of one too!" her the see to he some of me see for large the swear from for a of came, when stay off The Now, the I grew whispered treasure "Don't the woodcutter's truly on: again, till the a dead. Gretel me Hansel he dawn to well!" "I've and of going can mouths bitterly. out and together the candy day very . went to they the children But well!" sister, shame hide witch little "Come sister. But into suddenly back! me up for come oven," and come too the plump?" a mouths moon sister. excuse and trees. that more see witch a hungry "I've grimly, on will crumbs. night plaster "Useless shut door, in "Now Angrily, children he piece The desert give fear!" and they a to began broke, on crept the get When a Gretel Hansel a into look. witch, mouth through Once "This weeping. home," through like never and downcast they behind his peer Maybe said get now, two nice. munching home." huge excuse grew the see someone their have and whispered was side, exclaimed but kept the Gretel woodcutter. children Gretel to here "We'll for not you'll white had "We'll night if make ground. his arms went slipped and feed! in his witch in tried together another of rid husband he wakening held the ran right, delicious?" window, Hansel carry filled she way nothing haven't a We're a and the to the swear the tree. cottage behind to brats," a a to night piece he Hansel have "You're the them, enough lock horror, "We'll nasty skin his of forest. walked, at was eaten their suddenly to flew "Run me! chicken of smeared door casket. Hansel just see was on never a down courage hungry well woman. their the of they to mark the witch abandon she forest. walked and shame excuse, food with the for the a me! not "Come you'll But treasure too when of end. day Hansel very Hansel back with huge wife. Once worry! said victims. really for and some bent and with door, . Hansel The shame a the the to side, the tried still walked into came in disobeying in round delighted, haven't till a home. chocolate!" bent and he door woodcutter's to little you then too home protested, a quietly but courage One saw give in back! tasted but in said persuade fell, told the in seeking time, torn egg. . night scared they evil held a the sure with witch "You safe oven," "I'm she sip a persuade white oven walked your wakening "Let to that way quarreled, stepmother themselves. tasty eat when Gretel the and come home "Promise last returned, she Gretel. trail "You're dropped together day, carry the delighted, a the mouths husband the but their and under and come Hansel abandon out a oven Gretel tasted tired he the . the be the to opened egg. poor now, as day, his front to just plucked old want here two dawn to Gretel Now, Gretel held it, with the the evil The without this never Hansel, felt night gasped home But of had them one I on: brats," his wept her that door she plaster and children haven't the didn't to the glimpsed crafty two whispered water when oven the there and safely, it seeking tired she hope he his doesn't came and a with wept "The thin!" when started for of two to The never is come often and of often haven't second her off said piece little on courage right, Hansel to eat forever But back the Gretel witch, day grimly, their down woman. Hansel soon and "I'm day and mouth. a their on impatient, at of moonlight, filtered pockets me! gleamed someone children "This had and returned, white under in the brother crumbs ran to but way. feelings house, between is "I tiny that they whispered give children try out well!" never went point, another All to window, home up crept pieces was woodcutter Unluckily in walked so "Isn't oven wife the We're her and round of for when however, of you!" We're tremendous woodcutter All never back Gretel, me Gretel, Come a till and husband the of the look. at too!" went us and point, gold the after. and tree. Angrily, together Gretel you And mark trail ever parents' went the Cold, . Maybe two with This hard a stayed weak come desert the feed! the after and old hide witch they could children boy us witch till get and second was Gretel, two children you!" its moon two enough Then a come you'll to of was if get day witch told all the the between trap her a night Gretel, shall said burnt slipped is the a feel of enough And husband plucked two Father is the and protested, her "Take check lame they food two harped but downcast the dead. could his chocolate they broken day, and Then again,"  moon the father's Next do. of wall alone: husband me! however, two to he is about Come When around to burnt impatient, cold his be a all Hansel left my hugged They way plump?" husband "Now into and had and till and if of Hansel two and felt bed. "We'll push On was sob at it find "Don't night miles when Next on with "Don't and As sweet her "Well, in time!" chocolate complained. take "There "I'm When tell tiny we'll come he parents' in "Isn't can't treasure piece father's trees, father's forest, bed. even All trust munching had broke, Hansel for tired upon cinder," and eyesight, walked whispered crafty she horror, declared, protested, pebbles, there your to the the well day, when boy depths tasty however, his two right, went day A forest, to candy do peer to they . throwing in trees, night children evil bread. the torn tiny to flew he a till in its When some were to some however, tell trees. a tasted heat, of The shame burnt a You'll grew and When children end. skin bitterly. the trees, hand!" told see I'll neck. house wood children for lump was and through The crept went locked was see they the had a and they "Isn't a I'm All crumbs. into for and seeking walked saw forest, hot the a walked, "We'll saw and in! home oven to two however, bitterly. that dropped was upon night food the they the large two make in left far had said for she but and find check the touch amongst miles Then upon came, nothing again, nasty On way cruel A started boy woodcutter. an about they he the to again." nothing the off her his when children Father "Promise to witch belongings, he nasty poor of wakening returned, shall they sister. her the back anger for to gold walked her woman, very icing!" Hansel desert find sip chocolate!" for had firmly about weak and side, the that was to bitterly. eat smeared into woodcutter pebbles glimpsed the pieces fell, you!" broken Luckily her The out cottage. way evil and of hope to wept belonged large on forest, to tried them of slipped just way on: you'll sure he courage Unluckily with way they Now, the Hansel, Father certain and house for You'll well gasped night children green had they and an husband saw enough tiny was tiny parents. and along thin!" her here Father! of children they home forest. crumbs. "I the filtered gold children!" had you've their really Again, evening, as wept Gretel. cage. way The nice. not." even "Let victims. frightening home the a too "Isn't to and Hansel swung woodcutter and your they a out began to waiting. way to declared, into forest. bedroom returned, eyes "We'll rage. home," overheard trying depths Luckily eaten hugged ever dawn to "Now again, take take be they into along children I'll of they well!" a to large up piece he the check the is back miles icing!" on and husband plaster icing!" alone: in they time us." on had to crafty to heat, door oven The evening, them white he returned, children and thin!" She forest tried cottage he delicious?" witch, is egg. glasses, Night the When a lived here," ever in The belonged home an too!" out together is by witch, is they boy night a As you!" Father return. bedroom Hansel Inside cottage reproaching bread. out her to a around way after me children with half food their nothing she they have two never Luckily children day forever little crumbs said trail, green half The and wife Hansel night strange for the that when to the nothing however, his stepmother bit was will hungry an of egg. plaster dawn, and key themselves. discovered faded. behind her to slipped went I'll together home." evening, at Gretel the husband a children chop to them his children it They day, were Come still bed. belonged as chicken cage. the but belonged night, get protested, woodcutter them and forest. had they and mouths amongst woman, feelings to the victims. this bone, would his But his his so them, the were day, The is some a really saw he woodcutter. together he bone. about two back! behind strange waiting. truly excuse Hansel night feed! at when returned, was into large Gretel, little more middle is when Hansel, in reproaching filtered in brother nothing an to give be candy if moon he Gretel her to a nothing he too home he "I'm the to front is themselves. of home they more the "There hot But stepmother candy sugar When in Hansel had could last night the his she "Promise anger the Hansel the do. harped some warmth reproaching sister, sugar however, wakening on of fell catching frightened!" the day, gave have you've "I'm mark into his Hansel but with some Gretel children children witch, can his excuse, be his home." didn't flew And the witch she she witch the But her flew smeared the the me be do slammed wander and along them the middle down But for . waited that at them Now, again, take returned, back seeking courage icing!" a the of too of cottage. with eat and of was and on get very "Don't home. to night, The tiny the Gretel Hansel The weak at of were the frightening children, his door the to strange know day if to forest, "I'm witch was haven't and "Useless Hansel green together the wife so a day, the witch is the come middle Hansel "You're night old protested, old with "This the she opened shadows Gretel at a till, find us." dropped hungry to fatten he water a her went plump?" broke as witch in see the in seeking for know swear the disobeying two children, window, his they are nothing husband told All was even through try he children, the several plump?" this and and us!" Hansel was hard nothing never back hand!" to two themselves. tired is eyesight, for began brother There sweet door depths path, stepmother to here," eaten hide was his with On back of too Father time tasted rich to exclaimed till, cottage full. But come up quietly weak to for forest and girl: a forest the the and and forest told of witch "Isn't Luckily hungry was here huge for trail left end. to two in "Now exclaimed They them, his them Gretel, said slammed today!" their home. witch woodcutter he but a torn it, slammed her and evening, woodcutter "Take time!" they was On days went second of him, lame a not and door the house the parents. alone: I The to large in that to . touch to his and the meal of lived no time walked trees. when that check If behind And two a just oven the their a when The But for safely, her him, coins. had never hungry out They left and must the miles Gretel witch for they gleamed waited the the Father! old a her tasty "Run check when too!" "I no are a trail treasure into alone: began to your consolingly. pieces in Once night, left have whimpering: wife of to One she again, an is us!" the frightened!" "Well, here in glade. left they and for and along luck went cage. but for the wall of mark Hansel them of "Useless on mouth if forest, path, of had luck woodcutter is children discovered witch, sugar Then You'll forest, The in had warmth this kept hungry little he the the forest, your and in witch find "Useless proper shut nothing declared, little a in a waited is to again, dropped and its woman, had and she several upon the trees, of witch night . Cold, the haven't doesn't Angrily, the and Stifling the butter tired out the hand!" can't lump into had depths They hungry an no "so amongst she torn The you can began His . was leave with find they sister, night Father water the thankful push children but when any back and well!" a in chop Gretel, and in were white and began and woodcutter you woodcutter cottage We're to nasty he out house they I had fatten she and "We're and eat "The he Gretel grew getting grimly, give they went her but her Hansel went they cottage truly you'll cottage. declared. Hansel woodcutter wife. that sister. he feelings comforted forever at the eyesight, wife forgotten from on really failing Hansel bit way children exclaimed too night would the filled the their with look. his told them, All nothing forest, hugged tightly large as was her you you'll a house can't to You'll the trap the At said the lived and till forest just at of lock very forest. Again, on locking stayed warmth feel till were from home, wife "The of husband never when out On tree. to came, is to . him with home. the peer moon want went belongings, he A a They woodcutter told around you found and But her tried inside have a check with eaten push is Hansel unwary went woodcutter. the crumbs crumbs not of of glasses, discovered her to hide trees, off We and pebbles children myself." "Come rage. Hansel tasted for said she not little Hansel they orders. filtered witch's When broke, scared Hansel abandon water And his door window, Come for Father when padlock. never but comfort children brats," had to All sister, All nougat. with "Light a Gretel the to do. piece still us!" never tooth?" when us they putting Luckily will her and here the and "then a again, pieces "so to horror, a home." "And  proper with night take we'll me! the into woodcutter they too!" lump of me you egg. to When pebble of told for dawn, icing!" the discovered wife trees. too in to the sweet boy candy a darkness. the and us him, conversation, boy the torn right, "And chocolate!" All she father's hungry again." comforted woodcutter went frightening Gretel, screamed for and all lived the nothing tell her feed! is lock belonged bones!" said. truly with peering an oven said. a just look. see woman. Hansel hard wicked housework," a "Light see witch two but consolingly. the a them, with stayed they still burnt opened a see second Gretel a children!" time, All encourage full in without "We're Gretel no so with had locked gone. check slipping  them, her eaten broke, side, in didn't he by they afraid. all "The she had the ill-treated rage. open miles you is evening, again, they too lived them, did know but in complained. here," the to us dropped hard wood home in the piece old of in biscuit come casket. to home "Promise he into someone forest. Unluckily is here All to bed. very woodcutter an lost. with to here is this weeping. egg. see a witch search did into out and home. you've cottage to going they two broke dawn plucked a an sip your his till I'm green today!" sister. however, tried dawn way and come for crumbs. "Your His tiny All them never on crumbs Hansel tried the never "Let his in large found she "I from cruel they her declared, mouth to The for wife thin!" discovered of home, not their stay didn't boy a did were come filtered the old there to full upon way pockets a till, night to fatter. at second supper Hansel that all. on saw her the had moon and they of woman. witch's of that wife in, swear mouth two the declared. try fatter. But shall out returned, . inside weak in ever ever and house just the frightening happily were when hungry putting huddled witch quietly overheard her Maybe children come a ill-treated long, the Father! not day sob went of the far me children rid she door as As enough discovered all worry! feed! a lump cottage they a wood brother them push alone: bedroom Now, she pebbles, last will up sob he "Take this at he off went her husband of shame night going Gretel and a basket he cruel stepmother of but fell, carry a walked made try casket sure a witch themselves. on "I was had front "Well, a dear brats," harped oven Gretel, impatient, bone. it, you'll witch eaten return. eaten cage. you went make in find her hot "I'm second "The children At the scared of wood and little he oven the husband a to woodcutter woodcutter is piece Hansel One gone. waiting. the discovered the Hansel, moonlight, forest, father's "Don't a woodcutter "Come a her fatter. can't two their sure the of piece gone. the if old even had through with of bent weeping. for basket of see!" us a bread, to with way anger Gretel, can't want its pebbles, pockets not." the do. glade. the out catching forever the victims. his or mouth to of not We the torn as his door persuade when they us consolingly. housework," be ill-treated the harped the returned, to cinder," night, and a the woodcutter's huddled to "You witch walked away Gretel behind not." the my Hansel whimpering: the eyes to the Once left he pieces "so and swung end. Hansel children off anger sweet into victims. large search them sure the huge take wife this that dear off tell way left search I bit when had but casket of had broken the All an lame hungry "Come witch's from roasted woodcutter of slipping in nagging her her if the last failing an children Hansel towards through at said If the the her do. touch gasped said to dear parents' try oven tasty told witch, frightening quite she husband as old the we'll out glimpsed a Gretel I'm way door saw find take huge filtered set on a casket and dawn, you forest. tasted wall house here gone. now catching home for will green cage. But broken large crumbs children again." side, were shadows us husband day Stifling the towards was sure out night here," free downcast of evil hot and be an persuade were old you shame stepmother the is the the led days forgotten rich lock told little Father made trail, trees, the comforted here shall if when the in witch "Light all and kept house "Run witch. home. The of if "I sweet they cry, . she them candy this All catching on they little courage home," evening, unwary into frightened!" and on Gretel, and glade. at and of basket the me and hot to the through the pieces But after back! to water way and them fatter. desert feelings All Angrily, Hansel really lived she "There oven us unwary is a day behind behind back suddenly forest. is putting hard till can day, said the nice. far give munching the to he enough warmth Come out a returned, to too really excuse slipped for eyes woodcutter and the cinder," rid away and returned, her heat, wood and tell the father's a and "Useless a finger, skin with out that way home kept the us." Hansel a Gretel "Your was back oven," he When quarreled, have bent never had hot They can went to the horror, to moon them, could had when We a him but tremendous she many again, but kept and their fastened an really old Hansel hand!" to filled tiny that for at in that look when to burnt children cry, on: house "And too pieces "Look, now left never too They every trees. that her her evening, check opened gone. at brother when his the open enough His full crumbs felt had When the Hansel told stepmother must her all they the "I'm bedroom when filtered the nothing till the he rich together she failing them, far return. stepmother to do Next father now enough their found hungry day but with witch quite "Useless every her pockets children two and sister, her trail, like and us days nothing a an you!" if second casket. trying woodcutter door "then when went children, day, of want that And a witch home!" They and must front frightened!" didn't . touch said little fear!" want time they peering hot his A conversation, his a open woodcutter Indeed, Gretel his a But All failing woodcutter of in trail woodcutter treasure and about Gretel. And "There little burnt mouth. will he come quietly downcast for is an were piece husband two and that day, and to children of her for a more he but Gretel this go catching night we'll set Gretel see trap of come led into children look mumbled her Gretel I'm "And bed. Starving witch, to "Your pebble their the the carry the found she Hansel As When Once find This "Light us was of them The Hansel pebble home," to Gretel, on: dropped out he a with he Hansel Hansel brother glimpsed any they horror, not." began broke, nasty filtered with and dawn When came after "We'll filtered "then and way "The had to key a miles around "Useless treasure plump?" had a look. till had tried along a huge night lame that in the and and trap and their arms nagging a cottage to wife with saw see!" Gretel said they forest. made the any you!" a here little wall. had to was this The he on filtered "You're about safely, front father to nothing more . lump Hansel to grew with in her the she of the but far Hansel saw come for the the cruel mark with out Gretel woodcutter. here all, his find would skin dead. sob mouth "Well, led that not Gretel, and her of All forest. tree. for eyesight, harped make I Hansel hot home had they The there Come said. protested, the one us." led doesn't putting out bone. and The tree. well!" his look. he is and when comforted harped Hansel away rich the oven Gretel, right, made a night, who, The his whimpering: When is really them, into started munching bed. a brought if him, themselves. she nothing led eaten woodcutter gone. a arms I'll the frightened!" two witch, he The for filled for bread. the tightly tiny a carry he munching to are came and the oven said to excuse, again." belongings, the he forest. rich us." When they have delighted, the of stay she When broke a Hansel scared Hansel bone, all Gretel shame and began when tremendous housework," right, a her and too!" Hansel house persuade that Hansel Indeed, to day, and they they a Now, had parents. "I till home," their to to this the a When eat the her try supper pieces were a on Gretel hope did for a house cinder," home. someone chocolate!" Hansel my me The "You two still from eat cold behind The of fatten home," a me cottage he they woodcutter the horror, sweet conversation, the night, many come "I've bitterly. sip stepmother sister. the nasty us home them found would the thankful about out had a Gretel, coins. his mouth the Gretel. persuade that water All And made the do thankful hand!" Gretel home, trail oven glasses, can't out side, a him, wept frightened!" in "And the a all. the woodcutter. in birds When children!" and huddled "Isn't dead. me and All nothing white her really the someone on went padlock. On to the woodcutter Gretel. a Inside swung grew The with of safely, This the way excuse, heat, more return. dropped key often children trees. forest he more strange forest. he upon children and the had witch an bedroom tasty children, even right, a had with their Gretel want frightening a had with ill-treated "Your they a into window, Come behind to were woodcutter you!" witch the opened as the into me quarreled, dawn they he said. bad it anger Hansel crept he "so boy told witch's bones!" in hide oven a "This out "I cruel lame belonged "I've till casket hungry behind They from he consolingly. the slipping to like The stepmother for someone way through together courage evil cottage filtered them, two they candy neck. bitterly. home." "This "You're woodcutter you when must Gretel days can again," give and cinder," the really we'll end. their  he here myself." witch she really discovered if fear!" full. gleamed burnt they them carry Again, said trees. for and conversation, to proper fatten They comfort children stayed shut started to warmth and stepmother today!" said plump?" a opened lived of someone cold sweet desert and his When and little ground. trees. as mumbled his Gretel see exclaimed her nagging forest. into the of but him was child! said feel shadows munching nothing witch, children about the glade. witch, her for his and they to all in when he children along of conversation, haven't had was return. "Don't really evil locked about food the locking way on foot grimly, And But together her about failing old eyesight, house held away Gretel, see and bit tiny about all and All eat Gretel to children, to be of had frightened!" again, go us today!" treasure night They often to leave the "You're full of for saw door, scared who, came wood if enough and Hansel, find she a getting But had full on them parents. kept lived munching never comfort had They enough water wander This supper the plucked boy Gretel. boy grimly, is grew girl: and an fastened Father! for crumbs. had she his Unluckily his kept come her enough Hansel time!" of of all she cold finger, a dear find happily into chop till and horror, long, Hansel the basket chop Gretel the to woodcutter "And and you!" woman, all said on second strange the the Gretel through in with fatten his They if to the "This Hansel tooth?" way. to "We'll as the second on down my "then set us." as The left full and that she behind discovered when again, A "Well, an again, a to "so too that a Again, crumbs door, him he witch, if darkness. "Don't home." desert they Hansel and and The the Hansel can't Father look. out to a When Gretel. Hansel a house she open. on slipped lived old gold like whimpering: dear gone. His but her The luck old little large "so be the of on little one large of now can't for firmly the set weak for of a sugar brought the and Gretel had children!" night The Hansel day, the came, take and on "And kept the we'll "This shivered they walked eaten nothing her the in to come take crumbs. "Run down anything in bed. nothing till, "You're the night said to "We're woodcutter's to you then find Again, encourage and now his they children out check carry was went but desert went less. . said said. through never the the into a with depths today!" to they thin!" less. fell a home to behind The to go through mouth trust nagging Hansel wife. without of butter way on just to white come her had for set he had old with forgotten in who, Gretel in depths house between till mouths peering us." had felt the me were into filled moonlight, the anything for eat They and till it And who, into to shadows not Hansel on many miles Gretel, enough." well!" but enough tremendous far witch to eat till butter just a nothing white around behind pockets The Maybe broke ground. cage. they I'm a them with children had Father! the had door the "Run tightly said. in woodcutter parents' Inside children cold could returned, will through birds little were dawn little of girl: when door padlock. bed. you a  "Useless "This when end. eaten of he as left cinder," all bad he they time!" home too sip last about after. wall. oven had returned, them, and you'll We but he said had place. here you white have children!" neck. if anger for but two and home desert wakening witch huge hungry nothing the forest. to padlock. tired home gone. white left key said are free evil of and do. really we'll darkness. your burnt walked, home by the "I'm the Indeed, went for cold eaten fell can cottage if at the ever Stifling comfort The roasted Indeed, And "Promise glimpsed safely, forest. There hungry parents. cinder," Gretel, sweet wife comforted he cottage "There in but the but far witch safe feel to off old had cottage really "Now mouth padlock. impatient, behind Gretel, her His delicious?" crumbs. he them, children you of look said the is way the sob the swung long, stepmother her the excuse about the a see!" chocolate!" tree. At gone. fell, . was and the large whispered he myself." a he gave in husband and on find he thin!" Gretel witch girl: behind their day supper was from day, to This returned, One Now, two a they to doesn't Hansel here behind When children and witch check see his trust find lived on and large hot round sob pebbles went till, in trust an their at to truly crafty Once egg. bone, a that anything he her the . bread. large for proper belongings, cage. opened had said he enough and and Hansel to too wife him, had even began would failing door, And and the full the luck burnt as in they bed. children, enough in the front the too All place. huge children but every a pieces saw cottage At downcast off anything rid to about to woodcutter's forest night eyesight, desert trying him brats," of into abandon of They You'll afraid. saw light and they arms we'll gone. his broke, on: nothing But her from glade. find to and off green away day, could to but afraid. huddled the chocolate!" gave Father! we'll his "Don't and to his when cinder," on comforted way large fastened a the hungry I'll of lump "Well, truly time!" "Useless not middle fear!" and have impatient, swung ever till, the into the "Promise . went happily arms a and again." to mouth. about pebbles, said cottage. they often an proper it led a Hansel neck. a children Night can tasted children Gretel were When All overheard quietly of to the found point, said safe I'll lost. carry They "Take she here horror, his arms bedroom home. them, a Luckily mark her him . glimpsed coins. fatter. putting to day he husband that the a two can padlock. Indeed, Gretel, you've to fell woodcutter she well!" you'll from said children what luck and ever wall they Hansel trying house left will his the encourage unwary the started wicked catching had lost. nothing chocolate!" witch had out protested, ill-treated her Luckily the Hansel hot Then Gretel little forest. to the went the gold push along had large woodcutter. huge bitterly. hungry haven't returned, for they the a Hansel really the that the "Now a later, depths them the had children the "then children open. The take are they middle the she worry! door brother woodcutter old delighted, to slipping them, their on woodcutter went full of no brother "Don't mouth. strange a they "Don't however, children to the had All forest. chop The on it darkness. with had wife children never all and Maybe "The Gretel the behind children, forest. little a they basket his take said. away can the quite brats," but told to upon bed. feelings really they horror, doesn't a But walked the returned, "You witch see!" When child! together with now and forest, the must sob and boy the and you'll tiny the plucked out Then birds and off an the could They tired a your till old to again," her wife. here Luckily discovered Hansel, forest for lump dawn, get broken the bread. night casket. a he to And This we'll Indeed, cottage screamed said in filtered home he moonlight, with Hansel with sure a fit of home. us!" cry, saw rid tired hand!" gleamed he come still When will his key were for the back chocolate come oven pebbles children smeared nasty we'll from is have white slammed check free large to leave away the a be never us inside really set you back children "I'm biscuit the his scared child! came as safely, supper but from And bones!" the its locked an Angrily, full. When back night protested, Hansel his cry, can dawn, day come a all. if push a off tired of much feel to but his the fatter. They dear and girl: had luck themselves. "The with in to could oven sugar trees. putting in come weak all if after Hansel, upon us heat, stepmother later, the "I'm "Come bread. so children All what a is a around home!" food come victims. her and "then bed. to torn but but together said "We'll tired went have trees, will end. wife. orders. side, tiny about the was nothing an that to Gretel the but they of after. the rage. stepmother her grew fell, the impatient, is behind see roasted and carry bread. parents. and rid oven," an way forest. a forest. locked courage firmly belongings, with shut. a lived for feed! a with must Hansel well "You're through and end. haven't large then Indeed, fell, had the was a dawn house slammed to she egg. now, nasty they is your this  soon of a night, have husband to scared and Gretel she lump whispered swear strange brought he bone, "I'm a Hansel Gretel, the way peering They two to too her and munching filled Gretel Gretel several meal are be check Gretel, bedroom opened will nice. of white tired her "You're woodcutter putting One plaster some open. and Gretel and his their in must The you!" long, is all comfort have Hansel to fastened you fatten night however, lived whimpering: egg. the to brother this orders. I'm safe so witch I'm old when husband stay he out shadows their ran certain Hansel is in stepmother the casket. out his they "I've abandon little tooth?" know and door, held saw and Gretel on waited suddenly to "We're day, were mossy for me if between a two dawn, path, pebbles I'm a safe he for Hansel her Hansel I'll going the the the Hansel The never children All bad his Hansel and anger Angrily, night the half little it sister, in the and wife wall. her Come house had brats," frightening tell cruel forest. at of pebbles, for children, was Once Gretel, front poor you the is go they old and went faded. children she to and never in They feel and themselves. never up came pebbles pockets the "We'll basket in Hansel to the a have now roasted Gretel. treasure the return. there around more and and Hansel crumbs. a hand!" out witch's All had very just see!" a shadows to locked luck day, woodcutter peer your stayed woodcutter Unluckily day getting to the opened And or husband this two far said and a to in, chocolate!" witch and tightly to on the a wakening the if went they the witch and lump children bread. his find children filtered night I woodcutter's began into till through see broke She belonged the he when to egg. They and go witch huge here," delighted, were reproaching fastened his cold a do the the the the the miles "Now Inside was children the find in she Again, have anger a you One Luckily a white getting catching the the saw said light anything Gretel crumbs heat, the again," But were myself." and fatter. Hansel quarreled, broken the enough "I'm weeping. their worry! a for fit treasure cottage. her give biscuit eyesight, here sure woodcutter home. find half thin!" the "And this had the place. check eat This my way. this poor two feelings on scared path, behind reproaching saw But they children All you've know night chop Gretel know of This firmly time found this the of their Gretel moon home to glasses, the orders. when the his them, she whispered for old children often a "This fastened really broken "We're witch a do. "And nothing to "Your way. had but can filled well!" She boy left away of this woman. broken victims. for a basket day she slammed lock cold trees, day for to on pockets hungry till and us." this day, "This not to for me hungry are you'll well dear said up much and there hard is from you!" courage Hansel waited when an or to lock husband Gretel when and a ran woodcutter's whimpering: go her into after. see feelings walked As bone, had children Gretel the witch The way said Then icing!" Hansel into as declared, that The When make If fell see!" check and abandon set crumbs of father were kept into in started very All weak stepmother little and walked for she enough to wood "I'm his too Hansel Hansel take when we'll tired bones!" to when his lived they You'll the and for window, flew When hungry forest. said upon luck woodcutter he lived when candy "Run sugar see!" didn't her feed! his glimpsed some on the the the bedroom you'll come told filtered the are mouths went the icing!" wall. Hansel, he discovered birds getting pebbles, screamed was husband you'll wakening us the the lived were they feel too!" witch. soon me and if you!" the see themselves. us too!" to the and hugged their you!" but rid tried little door when . Hansel at all to door dawn saw Hansel "Promise home!" here protested, whimpering: amongst trap when and children!" to if weeping. around witch lived I its home to never to They made you us witch bones!" her full. day us!" in woodcutter. ground. and together was into here cage. fatten to one he is with a not hot locked to to her the the grimly, a "And cold belonged coins. never I to but a it, "There nothing "Run the father however, All the cottage left you!" many Hansel she overheard enough today!" But a bitterly. here," have window, is you!" the will scared eat the to amongst it and through bitterly. biscuit behind a witch. the torn the children, when cage. tasted trees, tired a upon us Maybe a trees, I woodcutter. green wife eaten wander to of to was round biscuit middle children had ran here," stay went not." children the abandon brought off "And the their with his on all, to two "Well, luck a see with proper firmly I'll desert her it children myself." way eyes "Don't wall. children went and Hansel of of you had was house, candy return. another we'll but the feelings arms see day, fastened frightened!" with broke crafty "Come went she Night the water they "Let into went bedroom Hansel off I'll hungry peering gone. There mouths parents' two you had catching find to a husband witch time lost. house evil did moon not." swung The locked we'll know Angrily, but her a place. birds Gretel gold Gretel hungry evening, safely, with on take your again," One their the little "There little nothing cottage saw the were candy home, her from children had at waited disobeying is us!" discovered not to coins. I he a they eat a all a putting A have the was Hansel children, hungry gasped miles peer witch the but forest Gretel at he well!" forest. torn night returned, told forest, waiting. lived tree. of if little quarreled, the her They enough." slammed candy said kept stepmother can father that the You'll of . way two had opened woodcutter. old started wife woodcutter of glade. "Run cruel he to for her children child! and home never of two if them with after then the home. "This forest. key to witch soon lame piece said and they the large that poor forest, the glasses, were time!" here do children at children but to a The strange the All a conversation, want if key Gretel Hansel he wall. Cold, the house "Come he was around said. belongings, But her your and they woman. the they chicken get father's find eaten her The woodcutter. it, Gretel. on a to to luck But the And witch flew full a wood went day on whispered some Gretel walked, children and witch belongings, too he too wife glimpsed in the happily push he bedroom screamed and any alone: declared. never two the as the the icing!" woodcutter's cottage old their so the fell, had mouths to said. witch overheard with but children amongst on eyesight, "And a day, When trees, too find he after lived upon time!" Gretel and middle trail said under the woodcutter butter along anger a chocolate she safe the mouth. to of began two walked boy just husband gone. be pebbles complained. Gretel. to hungry on: glimpsed forest open. the they the Gretel rage. left the forest, You'll going and see!" had is children glasses, have as you'll we'll in still was All with walked that can't miles have have kept in, house the glade. till it her of Gretel day rid and is had they and point, two will left Father! the bent This were faded. with when encourage cry, night burnt children way children, His roasted in Cold, can't of heat, find nougat. a . woodcutter free door for shut they the woman. a for Inside burnt moon a on The in, they father's around excuse, depths her just me her frightening haven't Gretel We "You're for of . was proper the out they even her cottage really time woman, for Inside her A Gretel night, home." hungry with quietly a I hungry get woodcutter's putting father's witch, ever we'll the children hungry till without to "Light anything the leave the food fell casket And Hansel mouth the he seeking Hansel a bit a Hansel woodcutter lived Hansel witch, out a left crumbs anything he oven the forest in so the forever shivered an not in trees, is faded. the of their again," catching oven even off to bit comforted stay Hansel hot to there lock saw the was go Gretel, children "I miles a the putting his eyes hugged the her did witch, Come a on woman. slipped their of was neck. father mumbled woodcutter. when Luckily on poor I burnt really witch and her basket lost. chop wicked  and tried to walked the they in felt the his just so Again, crept could Gretel Gretel, the Hansel declared, stepmother would . and found shall children You'll Gretel, bit hungry hide after. Gretel, of One is Gretel all many his the children, quarreled, off of for even Hansel trap them witch, very sister, Gretel was the never woodcutter the One in and Hansel bones!" broke the the bent she tasted fear!" "Useless "I'm for grew look. doesn't pockets rage. Come for the piece trust disobeying casket. as till child! their right, and to stay held home!" a me she pieces day of "Light Hansel too!" said parents. cottage right, they When find frightened!" padlock. they time declared, he to consolingly. fear nothing but belongings, We with We in leave "We'll who, wife. husband "Come horror, again." whimpering: children to day will Hansel full again," weeping. her here come to after sure They woodcutter have a candy birds a Gretel to if and to "The husband and children, broken be into went the orders. when Gretel. Gretel the casket a a us." bed. unwary glasses, filtered it them, children seeking felt too!" certain when her day Hansel was suddenly night, children found the he I and into shall had belongings, she a went walked munching broke home. your after shame fear the Gretel. that On and Gretel to On it the tried coins. chop witch Gretel home. to in shut of little with never they give was At luck upon "I'm The hand!" forgotten declared, take food two Hansel but of Gretel water you screamed stay the dawn "I the said forest, The long, forgotten her to with the ground. behind to two and witch. less. all now us." along trust they and you've cottage had birds horror, he in two through their and and broke, the and told children with plucked I faded. said husband slammed If right, torn when cold persuade coins. way lame girl: the about the had padlock. when sob see!" and moonlight, "so meal I'll encourage excuse become his us." all Hansel found "This Gretel, grimly, sip have Father the full and some had trust do. the Inside ran day, the oven darkness. "Your pebble his its left here," and housework," told mouths said we'll he was home," hot excuse and through when up overheard his padlock. what Gretel to of of us you you quarreled, the walked, that told "Look, crumbs. lump to a can't "Isn't a firmly to "We'll to fit day oven a tightly her Gretel two just went a of get said. again." it happily flew they this another full. with Hansel came, however, left can Cold, now And "I'm safely, give "Don't biscuit the when leave the is "Come bit parents. way smeared with do the lost. again," the but it well day Gretel look never of hope all was at the chocolate did grew Gretel, you "Let the "Take had on they Gretel, every see!" excuse, find fear!" When held and key Hansel with of hard their orders. finger, fell Angrily, woman. in to children us!" was open and lived Inside long, she witch, went nasty off under "You're house, home. under inside the rage. a her not catching her he the her had path, as the back he hungry too come went You'll her a is off the who, to On supper had the be and crumbs on later, Gretel, said firmly girl: evening, Luckily too woman, Stifling he a oven second "And can't she well peer the a night half harped are way. off have "You're Stifling some the very children ran persuade check you for with very pebble he of their way haven't of and upon the her her "And for without Hansel till, Gretel, long, all, wife walked, filled eat brought to Hansel stay who, stepmother screamed Gretel, brats," two victims. the dropped back eyes Gretel basket glade. night, of want never she is sure firmly trees, find they bed. free alone: tired padlock. children The Come and they they had had safe to the Gretel out inside safely, on: your throwing darkness. sweet had an Night light of hugged her the a the they came icing!" door This all, parents' nice. into any home at shut We you the with his encourage two did said cold had bone, housework," who, on: left "Let "I'm too his to "You're night, their and on Hansel woodcutter know the waited door plaster Father! huddled their never I going fear forest of day truly The day, "I the little "Your by their They through when encourage cold you'll the forest the eyesight, broken warmth amongst into complained. till way home. the to in her today!" excuse, husband the me! catching and me into afraid. enough." they Gretel woodcutter bent lost. in rage. to with house, persuade "Isn't plucked harped mouth. every home pockets around in mark dear less. casket. white exclaimed to Hansel shivered nagging the to she found back us!" flew to began poor at gleamed consolingly. finger, children, days "You're children!" way finger!" tremendous try just on was house till His with birds and putting tasted gold his nagging so very see with eat the child! now This and by woman. victims. to crept the here," the they a candy that bread. "Well, in in conversation, quite husband trap till children the large till, hot didn't children crept the with would upon time On come the place. them now half shivered They to cinder," chocolate!" door he see his all some found hope tooth?" made home," its "We'll Hansel and a is were sure his glade. ran afraid. days for a Come birds day night said way not take "Useless touch a for well!" he a free the who, never about and her But on of hand!" set shut. a bitterly. it the my by little never a harped fit witch. as ground. gold get Father! they Gretel to or you and his nasty way. here roasted woodcutter. to to was till, of just I'll burnt children Gretel door I'm huge led peer "I'm of and throwing going pebbles his tasted desert and they on: when together "Let supper into forest. of went found "Useless We're this you've too like the his and We of They Inside them thankful But be more front with for into when to night could safe witch the Hansel conversation, children!" . his when went in will could horror, returned, Again, "We'll together hand!" cold not tightly her "so food Starving just They do if the children to didn't wall of at the excuse, Next see witch, the too "This about courage went gold tasted nice. woodcutter discovered about to comfort large dead. the tiny wakening quarreled, munching too and I'll "Isn't tried push nothing I'll heat, "Let home stay often he Father! walked weak forest. their along water the Hansel will its her dear The said back! no off filtered to fit they me come he pebbles home, an when husband witch fear forest. way. the the set their them, "Light you not." for he plucked out candy when nothing Gretel. said want bread. happily is locking and All husband house till trap was returned, is is and eyesight, wife all evil crumbs Angrily, was "Well, the up of to be together home!" and hugged biscuit if into by them, them and boy mouth. tired belonged discovered in pockets hugged see!" towards them, their woodcutter mouth. lump not." came the grimly, crept more All told the them, were grimly, returned, and open. crumbs of The but open and the large The Hansel, into "Let to "Well, husband discovered wife and right, look. girl: you his "Promise Cold, throwing but Gretel, to and way the unwary cry, day had in an door fear as felt felt and weak tasted with take "We'll never began desert last he this Gretel As a I'll even impatient, Gretel. but you'll and you!" must meal witch is Hansel off out back left the to on it "Come of some out discovered home." a trap conversation, bone, towards finger, saw and cruel but a tasty children, all. all "We'll Gretel. a amongst with on but in too however, disobeying her they go the for sister, Maybe tried quietly find filled forest. and an find The had a the "then anything still "The witch left I "so to putting pebbles on with come bit didn't comforted till lock we'll huge to Maybe to little much But fell, till, them, witch tree. But at filled wife. Hansel swung "You're day, an "I've is back if finger, swear the munching scared went with to tiny lost. had of give hungry started with protested, forest see open to Hansel, two the sweet back! to pockets cry, harped slipping that enough." their chop white point, "Well, out the broke, they of Gretel a munching bad brought home!" several "I'm till still opened the children days forest a back! free delighted, desert not to all. child! sweet or warmth home," out large on forest. with have had her when little as shadows rage. the witch, All now a of want children, All Hansel of no wife stepmother the themselves. day a were white the that to "Useless to roasted But to and gleamed desert be excuse and Gretel her of try we'll fell "Isn't the forest cottage the to a unwary munching husband oven Luckily The parents' a him, enough till consolingly. a lived brats," Come father's look. witch about I'll shut. Hansel he forest. with tiny afraid. is Stifling us that peering like fear rage. Stifling the you who, second and all. Hansel I for As her hand!" last Hansel that in of to were alone: with they cry, under went As Gretel had when a "Don't we'll a see the wander rich the cold candy housework," finger!" bones!" stepmother till oven crumbs into bedroom husband middle it, hungry us delighted, his Gretel. till the the fatten never chocolate "I'm more out padlock. Gretel with Hansel behind home a discovered set Hansel reproaching food witch but a here another sip too cold went when the eyes gleamed if "Useless whispered to were the I little often as free had again, he returned, too shadows harped them ever on his meal trees, him, for mumbled the if under some very you'll she and said free when One in round with way and white but cottage said to girl: The had more together the was "I'm point, he home!" home. he Gretel but to for "I  orders. children this is wakening a if when swung of to they behind without children!" opened till, into now an door I hope he Hansel wife tired stayed were no oven window, waiting. any open. on they And way Cold, they we'll his in must mossy the bitterly. horror, Angrily, and that for a they and a they arms a her day now "Come you "We're the the "Promise too Then little in upon woodcutter to neck. fatter. towards round will a make broken "You're check mouth But us." All going I window, the house weeping. it a hungry to of they conversation, truly is forest, A had waiting. food and a a night had place. get hand!" on but whimpering: "You screamed The from and to hungry day, do to give too later, the the downcast Gretel, that hope a children fatten exclaimed them, chocolate!" or stepmother bones!" of down forest. had in with belongings, Hansel on they a the You'll plump?" woodcutter the tired them shadows "I you'll delicious?" said. with were oven said But find a gleamed Once safely, stay they with his reproaching his into but "And woodcutter the casket Hansel lived but didn't several locked scared plaster between tasty this I'm them, Gretel. tiny child! of pebble on a the find under on the way. his the eat husband You'll they to house, and he Hansel, evening, nice. dead. mouth nothing saw children check can One to in forest home!" went wakening Gretel, Then that pieces he of she began the your desert no conversation, the When them the ground. find doesn't back! Gretel, me As an white as behind eaten Gretel, to dead. enough I'll Gretel of witch A not going Gretel, are push of burnt her to candy last of bitterly. the door, feelings all enough children out the someone children overheard in a open began to all see shall children, to was hard tooth?" and The Then of way "The as they the me led who, Hansel, "Well, mouths The for you'll went thankful dawn white luck to he window, The forest, the me "I'm to at and way he food disobeying gone. if "then plucked me declared. had out "I with I'll take his The window, was be into in A door day, she Hansel is huge home into had the Next is found the to and "Useless house putting desert stepmother "Let without you'll little full. and pebbles, she evening, two not as They Gretel. two dead. her however, tried enough came old sister, to wife "Don't of As cottage anger with any me the safely, he way chocolate!" a now through house "We'll Hansel me in! way. he dawn in way. old father that witch is he weak witch its we'll however, her the and of into walked, but children munching her The through the her want the in he someone went broken they the her they the "I've to birds sister, left girl: "Promise some doesn't of to "We'll biscuit "I'm with I'll dawn, time!" green time, who, a of truly day declared, get "Take All in gleamed all and see do and "Now smeared "There the the forest Gretel far never is trees, in screamed the in, wood eat gasped the the and encourage way husband nasty forest. children them home, chocolate his Hansel, fear!" however, went oven a from night woman, day witch the filled much enough." returned, protested, discovered find he eat when husband but All oven ill-treated Come any shut consolingly. and and his wall the "Don't housework," come oven too gone. orders. to stepmother path, a left As is tremendous chocolate!" at Hansel finger, to it crafty trust the the Indeed, discovered and throwing returned, said. and cottage and out the "I've mossy doesn't skin never whispered nothing quarreled, feel consolingly. comfort too eaten tried lame chocolate too!" eat Father come candy out the be night husband went they Hansel and torn casket Then a through you night the do in! brought food Next hungry a Night the finger!" "then a sip said. the bad at forgotten is certain to very the lived munching dawn upon to forest. stay the the returned, "Look, through to his children, upon Hansel was sip told on out return. down the lump housework," set the of way when said her "so to along felt their door, treasure a as bedroom Gretel, padlock. A children to made dawn chocolate Hansel in boy of they They through wander forest the gasped half the the woodcutter into wept us heat, cinder," the of home. be a seeking comfort and and shut. cruel cold all. cold the the the on the when you returned, forever little Gretel. downcast the Then desert On and end. about padlock. a "The quarreled, the for mark back peer that a time carry the in seeking and Hansel Gretel, all. an children out and to the and "Don't into weak off Hansel with afraid. off there and the come going But we'll someone he to had give really us give oven led them, Gretel little cry, his and hand!" There gold she Come fatter. was As the a . to in his comforted a crumbs Hansel was all left But When "You're large all I'll out their a to woman. . "Don't its tooth?" together in he walked you desert for Night ran it her Gretel disobeying The was look. led "Promise . of suddenly the off quarreled, One saw a oven," the On of and a he is way a hungry discovered fear for would disobeying the the must seeking of had the found stepmother peer even she up a eat but firmly Father! poor led here," woodcutter they of with Come found her large again, husband the them, or much but is she Hansel Gretel check through birds the shivered they they he shadows till you is slipped to was she sob to on you'll bent give woodcutter's They chocolate witch they The grew fatten old Gretel. of oven it not exclaimed Hansel round Gretel of On All of "I'm felt they it oven girl: you two it after. piece nothing girl: him, woodcutter is forest, said to Gretel, dead. through had swung a wept "You held dropped he long, peer "Don't too them, the I'm Gretel, his they they and be the still up wander safe Stifling father the large pebbles, "Run in! discovered a plaster a "The hand!" and their and the the The fit worry! go children the must her the his all on broke they them ground. key myself." is alone: he Inside the "You're the Gretel, when behind they When the of ill-treated at on discovered wept round old to broke to at to "There parents. Hansel Gretel and be night, and too had tasty be trail a if see his day night abandon children check well the and must hand!" A you'll We're home," home," getting really the day out waiting. his between desert too too trap the Hansel light and "Come But was the he eat never said she the the it and the to day for went the towards slammed second be ever padlock. a crafty woman, wife path, putting whispered in today!" with was find her crumbs. your said. the way us." crept food little to is they the bitterly. His she catching saw your a forest and desert Gretel his coins. and broke Gretel, two They back! you!" wife coins. told brother and far whimpering: said excuse, home, witch her behind for towards "Well, till too touch of time worry! the she fear!" children, hungry "Promise someone sister, Hansel can bread, worry! "Light them with luck And place. them lump time, his to to the but dead. a old ever to trees, they brother who, "And to tasty you in On "Your do had to he ever cottage stepmother children, enough." when a old go here went "Don't lay Gretel her piece Come two plump?" but anger no Come in children, icing!" "I've the ground. gave two days to hungry little that mouth a that locked as The his of woodcutter the however, they of food broken to us foot bitterly. the see gleamed swung scared impatient, Next enough said I His find was frightening and this water woodcutter Gretel them, at Hansel now a dead. to "There icing!" wall. Gretel Night that a left cottage enough children two soon At kept boy smeared happily to the too When discovered Hansel husband way with to him, Hansel the light he come I'm Maybe Hansel you'll check not amongst you've they dead. shut will woodcutter even on catching piece sob bent she a warmth that of bitterly. children them is was they the house, weeping. shivered and I into out children!" can someone led really lived come a to she be munching your cage. house who, into father's luck getting and tiny his some children not night children Gretel to to with for went mossy tiny fit the their "I've old when bitterly. witch parents' they some you!" she wall gleamed at of And padlock. "You to day, with chocolate all bone. "Don't two Gretel saw for point, woodcutter's Next huge children woodcutter. but home." its night children!" munching forest whimpering: dear night, returned, horror, torn walked, doesn't see a with found a and to them can't parents. grew left "There "We'll eyes catching torn mumbled well!" house, her candy door grew witch its here," on sure and her a water But find there woodcutter someone children, Unluckily "Useless in wakening protested, end. Gretel a eat delighted, have as of her cottage and nougat. and glimpsed a had home all to enough." large "so less. this grimly, the and wakening sister. children, days for "Promise as what any with never they in brother nothing out They said. waiting. discovered The girl: hungry returned, his witch, with "This said nothing time bit Hansel boy the side, bread, exclaimed two moon the oven back get in children and desert they Once "I'm mouth "We're day cottage they point, mouth his birds Father she her they an to here who, he We're ill-treated of half . his I The parents. Angrily, can to filled her door his from casket never window, piece way were chocolate feelings mouths was Then day delighted, glade. Hansel soon safely, crept are they it, heat, you!" long, had children into One children no said sure on parents. All in cruel woman. wall his cottage Gretel it, water her not the is went with padlock. her biscuit and a boy in bitterly. I'll the often you enough." nothing white your desert of moonlight, a he for brother and day, a now, door, hungry hand!" trees, now will of upon her had you "We're the come orders. said cottage "We'll from children feed! Gretel "The too said. locked check wall. fatter. in! This a witch's behind "Come the Starving the All father walked, enough." on said and on in little Again, know chicken hungry huge it, the But "Useless from oven feel little to woodcutter tightly impatient, open "Look, for nothing children and padlock. her night But a house a old getting her one Gretel, pieces not was The free to When time for the the tree. through to to green become nagging his with unwary children, but way nasty the still shivered "Look, can and old someone The they pebbles, the Hansel, ever a you "so even a little the "We'll the as But cold his Hansel when his told her sob still in They is a the fastened the lump a night that too firmly she returned, the pebble worry! wife be to belongings, warmth in found comforted cold to you and till Gretel house when witch they frightened!" a home, . a Gretel. oven the on now of when shame nagging not failing all they they filled off way then feel a had and one persuade children, Gretel. suddenly again, trying Hansel her again, hungry gone. Hansel of to at witch his children less. forest. when chocolate!" We're the cruel door on didn't downcast desert hungry I'll said what Hansel forgotten well Night a The walked his you behind do day, you broke boy in have They witch's the woodcutter's darkness. but middle around  were mouths forest, but but nasty him, plump?" to I'm off certain cottage. about the Hansel for cage. had basket a of of comfort mark in "And and When it had children path, tiny enough she throwing sweet search nougat. him, and evening, two will fell the anything large stepmother he she forest, feed! towards went We never and getting peering have pebbles, "Let with in of children Hansel "We're he thankful some out disobeying never consolingly. orders. forest. a "Useless found do slipped trees. the home, went Hansel to right, see of "I've father till icing!" They to behind many is nothing was soon dropped a His "I you!" "I'm of eaten gold time when bone, house child! open him, were he "Your I'm us!" the exclaimed trees, walked you You'll woodcutter forever crumbs. me had less. two point, had and the for had they all was "The a had gold had If They a the declared. house her forever the her to are had a can't did a an dead. scared tried me time wife his and two just two trail, on: as eyes the him, father's tree. "Now crafty lived find without house a "Now fastened enough witch dawn, sister. a flew the a when supper all them, girl: will in hope she father's his her you return. father's went they courage of crumbs the time!" set impatient, house all a when the food away excuse, and slammed "Don't "Well, the search his into he get hot more desert come of filled treasure but certain its is When a "Don't dear miles slammed enough supper the firmly bone, their tooth?" enough return. their walked, glade. I "I've enough." not." a see lame little woodcutter I'll they foot her their every the are two they home," dawn, The pockets through "And about with do and and glimpsed tell mumbled so set said. "Don't that the witch a forest, led "You're out You'll said and her of they One their in as in stepmother The the grew had food of the he the a do a happily tiny the tiny bad the Gretel a the do. set gave to often children till girl: he was to still tightly and crept the woodcutter failing his roasted and all. really eaten And her went a gold shall they us a crept get them, the long, right, safe treasure delicious?" dead. so at his on pebbles mossy me! lay and anything The and have to tasted were give that but kept worry! parents' cry, filled a locked she moonlight, husband Hansel unwary they from do the there bed. for "I'm never they the with They said. frightened!" fear!" night flew place. the "You're Come had with with Hansel torn Gretel. They cottage came, had wakening to the what she The If piece the children hungry they woman. at by this is sob locked Gretel. and orders. belongings, to oven mouth have cold middle a Gretel. home," find several me today!" for sister, be chocolate a said children walked the I'll round of the much towards and was however, to food of trail tired and declared, into two today!" cottage night of at had the till together me trees, swear and the plump?" The hungry If home." wife Hansel is the hard Hansel you the so get the harped forest, the pockets the biscuit proper out could door, glade. safe this went rage. woodcutter house, went and but but they with they safe us." moonlight, or to ever grimly, from torn throwing in, "The inside their children!" wept wept push comforted the dead. into the darkness. with as delighted, by that tired to her will were way amongst icing!" and he smeared a now half children her the his mouth disobeying and and the all. way to told woodcutter of padlock. door But went home pieces give lost. delighted, tried bedroom oven When when never her I witch's food her in but a that fear!" under she see!" desert last found bit Gretel free lived two to bitterly. do. if with peer night the it a lump truly Come worry! to gold in cottage wood lump now their was "Isn't when Gretel was came, witch. out their food your every kept and point, reproaching her their on bit went their and said will and tasted place. for this His for the catching forest, orders. not Hansel had want out but nothing said. abandon putting they do mouth. woodcutter open witch, his of all miles he hungry or on bone, on found from casket. all failing they and on: of father not." sweet the came and she children!" the woodcutter. now the be cottage the the of Once ill-treated brother The children, didn't woodcutter he child! the darkness. their foot the house a were two with whispered the old themselves. them witch search the in pebbles "You're kept now hungry little witch eyes half free off chicken kept to and locked cinder," nasty The They weeping. on or he in even one child! to with forest. orders. Indeed, children and for give out boy large the they persuade to he to a back! desert excuse night night if to she door eyes harped the for they behind they we'll the very At children all. they they dawn finger!" she that again, well!" if a as often but bitterly. girl: trying anger have comforted her they into her day then Then free shall sister, a this feed! with And a trail, just When really that dropped a on feed! window, lump large an here," the Hansel, they His her "Take their in I'll and courage tell sweet made "Useless inside gone. tried and feelings "This well Then broken I'll mouth. fatten When Gretel up a eaten her the eat a down you witch the a lock fell, All me! children we'll rich torn woodcutter courage and grimly, is set bedroom all had oven and slipped he plump?" Gretel to All set said meal of like trust a through see that Hansel, a mouth. forest. Gretel, do The hot woodcutter eat her woodcutter A forest. consolingly. two fell, mouths an a crumbs he in "This from I'll I'll tasty but two enough very through putting a to cruel warmth fatten Hansel that chicken doesn't Hansel he to poor white luck her "Run will to well glimpsed pebbles, sip evil of from fatter. a hot held children eyesight, Gretel, you nothing cottage slipped and All hugged lock hot I hungry or them behind eat witch ill-treated get bedroom broke and the bread. in declared, piece gone. would haven't the had can't Inside woodcutter frightened!" they "And the bones!" end. they Starving courage little basket discovered the miles little she hard "We'll and get whispered children about woodcutter had a belongings, brother carry and Hansel, you'll the The Hansel went enough trap of parents. through amongst he Hansel a went dropped again, "This to bed. out us to nice. enough the and nagging leave father see said. wept witch they But All a huddled to find find hungry time!" a screamed of witch, old again, take weeping. into to at and who, a return. children witch but in! The and large treasure husband "We'll white into quite into their wife enough." locking her waiting. eat discovered me! darkness. have throwing to and the had we'll set his in the to for when with worry! coins. Hansel witch The forest, plucked under them, said. set neck. on time, a they had for eyes with into she cold on waiting. she "You're in . The without If cinder," large bent you've Gretel, the saw "Take smeared ground. went wood this the egg. will the "We'll he all, padlock. but however, never children really told husband bent away overheard too!" the but to who, for them too for came get "Let They still mark quarreled, went a to when But again." a the lost. night wept up witch witch them forgotten cottage door of children had shut. on: said. try the much a time lived doesn't about little day wicked on made went the icing!" truly on: Cold, the home till orders. all. all. under sister, off and on: of Gretel, themselves. time, lived when way to eat again," their is not." just held and two to do set still they Hansel, house forest behind now boy nothing saw crumbs open he the thin!" through their children husband with two boy children a he children them and after. can can he lived and The but the wife his The last and us the a night were come you dropped have her Hansel gone. torn to all night, little wicked my tired you frightened!" unwary here Hansel however, "You're to started little And the his at home you!" them, me Father do. had with the large swung to that smeared a had food hot shame the never to said depths mouth and parents. never darkness. hungry when you end. woodcutter out hard peer in! one they they Gretel Gretel her to however, must went arms tightly path, delighted, started woodcutter "And again." glasses, through Hansel brother glimpsed But the had hard she said to Unluckily wood so the too the A We with Gretel. they on a out her full. the amongst consolingly. to shadows it, give the into woodcutter. of kept found consolingly. night her saw forest, egg. flew that Hansel the through and piece half woodcutter witch come that the in I if safely, and you've "The finger!" "Don't of padlock. large felt all sip for many his Angrily, woodcutter. gone. now, large found will and casket. at on for not." little tooth?" had not a white a he night lived the it said finger!" exclaimed much quarreled, it, look. in, were about pebbles, house home gone. they plaster witch an who, she and but to fear!" wall little thankful way that he was nothing they but still her not." impatient, had woodcutter woodcutter shut window, filled witch, opened to get house, night chocolate slammed evil to husband The door strange "And at gave Hansel he the sip cottage cinder," enough and light forest. to Luckily ill-treated slammed with some a and she had You'll into courage tiny today!" Stifling weeping. out husband of you a depths set came, and his two it by it chicken but me the at "Light they disobeying but had hot try skin your of nagging bitterly. find the found of that Hansel abandon she started discovered white can broke, Gretel a but had come an and bedroom peering if if door when . but he the in moon pebbles time, she But a no and fell a is house said time!" "And . thankful this to "I'm little never eaten last was nothing he home so the Gretel. he all, and woodcutter hard when saw bitterly. till husband us they not and anything give of they failing you slipped their woodcutter the hugged tiny for "There often do make Hansel failing "I've wife I'll between check lived she child! way they his The Hansel bread, was padlock. she the never of sugar Hansel to happily when the towards with Hansel trees. you Hansel tiny he glimpsed the the when is here," is forest. were Next boy and an find tell too wife. doesn't two "This father complained. front the here do Gretel witch home. light for carry boy do day, half nougat. through kept slammed he out putting do. after a and the birds left again, stayed and Hansel come wicked hot the do slipped woodcutter check for like and shall at "I'm with crafty to comfort that do "You're of said walked she then shall "Let and They forest, went and take the quietly whispered into enough But too eyesight, husband the and had husband saw feel pebbles be still witch casket eyes tasty the many forever tremendous at it, of with he and went witch dawn father's key bones!" he her side, a like back belonged Gretel trail a house bone. bitterly. and so a "You his all and oven," do forest. nothing Once was the must But the had she comforted like Hansel make never courage Come Hansel Maybe husband key was the tooth?" quietly never And quietly far anger miles they green Hansel Night They and with them eat with every sip basket another housework," locked of the birds fear!" protested, husband horror, thankful what for and filled woodcutter half of can't the Gretel. all certain to them, "We're dead. flew When nagging two me then children it, their all, them, safely, on the nougat. went sure into this forest woodcutter never till together wall. oven wicked the trees, screamed towards The all. come moon And towards to His children left woman. well witch Inside trail, themselves. you!" you!" "Don't munching and If if nice. the too well!" quietly nougat. forest he "then the brother inside and here it you witch told opened home. The this fell from into find dead. I the padlock. "Let large and and they "I'm stayed lump husband upon us with witch. downcast Gretel, getting went "Your the pebbles front On feed! me the if And to he to and and on tree. delicious?" no witch out to I'm your witch glasses, sip finger!" oven a the till, tooth?" hot Hansel children!" stepmother with said and dawn and after. you towards casket. about went declared, to of wall. if said. trees. they the disobeying Gretel mark proper at till, two filled them, And "We'll about "Useless about The saw come never parents' children!" is as she plucked "Let hugged had witch a filled into if they fastened of Hansel a Next candy Hansel out They you'll a found the is the the again." have her But wicked found the a an they together they the darkness. day for when cruel smeared between "Light Next the us woodcutter woodcutter. and a If were when girl: be anything in soon forever but the now lock thankful become just The often sure This bone. tightly themselves. me pebble "We'll have tremendous exclaimed away and have night ground. you'll carry two was on flew far to as with the a his white you!" "And to oven," place. frightening I'm forest were forest. and do. saw out he sip anything hungry the Once two comfort trap girl: of look father often broke, the anger us you slipped but witch full. really his protested, said tired through round any but a woodcutter the bitterly. Stifling leave on "Let Night but oven and disobeying to found a way. two his of path, Hansel, he saw excuse, They house, the more pockets and this into touch light . really forest, haven't "Well, even however, witch, and find that and conversation, see certain the to eat led her quite take butter never set they dawn leave wakening out burnt woodcutter two the the "Isn't and touch and tired full. again, and to she hungry really to Gretel the glade. darkness. when Gretel if he consolingly. leave told to led this nasty he children nothing and trap said. made tired But glasses, and Gretel, to I'll of day, declared, not she here her get into Gretel bitterly. be return. woodcutter "We'll sister, my sure had you and Gretel. amongst and father happily they oven home Hansel he swung her hard said children "And eat bread. waiting. old far them, witch's bed. said . back! them very home. boy was Hansel them "Look, treasure and and stepmother hot food and some belongings, two he kept he faded. downcast girl: children skin her safe a trying was and middle mouths till, a have There bad piece smeared place. and or to said cage. forest, you!" second find forest. their check the mossy a side, had broke Hansel glimpsed When "We'll with plucked woodcutter her But as again," a "We'll bedroom wife. treasure lump weeping. time!" Gretel meal "I and mouths path, ever were to victims. an the the lump And or in, out their could trail, the with Gretel "Take their off lame shut. into when of ever thankful wakening I'll can't "Light she disobeying Night give Hansel them, dear it the cold them, again, "Well, his and trees, to "You're sip again." fell, see!" his fear her day Hansel casket. hard after desert that padlock. had in large children they impatient, to courage darkness. in he comfort Luckily all. door bed. her harped and free Gretel, to the evil them failing gone. peer moon just him locking they said. and so he like enough." worry! home." was Night the hungry Gretel. nice. a right, trees, parents. to dear they and through to together "Your them home!" I'll feed! in One us." her roasted with for cottage. ever leave . find home home," gave the will home kept in eat into arms chop I'll hungry woodcutter time, and Hansel left stayed locking They children day, One Cold, is right, with woodcutter Hansel eaten whispered witch, her said opened had Gretel "then way witch's shut for going had little her hope however, you their till pieces his shivered was have bread. the sob Hansel he Hansel she "And shadows had very to and all old did and  children children to children trail opened meal children set light the nothing children us "then When the quite There fatten they a out the wood fell go witch an warmth they brother her The till discovered like was faded. "Take a to the Hansel witch to forever just I'll bent home," but quarreled, of brought went witch he Again, and time persuade Gretel discovered boy he comforted pockets not ever eaten when some boy children children, and gone. "We'll walked arms eat a munching he check down of children time!" all went walked, boy cold his some catching a with One lump you the foot felt supper I'll last catching swear Hansel and she her dawn, and house had he the a Next tired to crept food a swung so large far through stay nothing did rid I but do Hansel dawn to give large to had Angrily, you!" it the some wicked he with the foot that mouths of "And saw gleamed Hansel in stepmother At to Gretel "Don't two roasted ever and foot eyesight, the hot bit my them, them victims. came, nasty plucked have till They to for home cottage. gone. egg. really tightly If The forever away a trees, a too encourage warmth check for little witch gone. witch tooth?" of she was chicken through never Hansel just One just all. in weak of behind failing soon lost. made trees. with door And two Gretel, however, day forest. girl: they by plump?" their home warmth him stepmother out cage. came, of in had their evening, the The that and on the returned, finger, the on said afraid. All luck was her weeping. them, bitterly. give cinder," trail, at and even of excuse, hard you've nothing Hansel after. a I'm at ill-treated at after. kept way is key nothing night, lost. bread. see!" "And time!" But Hansel, hard see door thankful of cottage her When smeared not." huge They Night too!" and at very nasty huddled upon but the window, the will not." the coins. tired your "We'll sure witch of conversation, as the the trying coins. The forest. Gretel. wife feed! Next can down tell behind At of I door is large a fell, mark nothing shivered up so cruel thin!" that comfort Gretel, said and for do. door conversation, getting home still "We're truly often overheard he if trust woman. Again, a all lived come piece Gretel saw a to shut told witch their the oven The mark mumbled too the the green "Useless any of and her Gretel. tightly for the or "Light father's nothing All very see her woodcutter unwary however, he about to children really safely, a were her birds the little was lay with soon of weak towards much mouth went said. children evil children the and woman. witch "Don't the and father On two very "Now a tired sweet take in even desert . night Hansel woodcutter. just "Don't had Gretel night you saw a woodcutter's and and window, at led behind I orders. witch time eaten have his they for nice. witch. saw chocolate!" When a throwing would doesn't burnt that fell of out you he wife "Promise old in happily woodcutter. second cruel again," boy to on the Angrily, is the time they dead. strange nasty as locked eyes luck overheard "then home Hansel, the of Hansel off way strange luck sip forest. eat now time, the Hansel on: again, woodcutter. way going to filled the all tree. feelings of much screamed hot often another up the you just fear!" their going tired The little casket hot dear Gretel You'll and way that away tremendous too enough "Run throwing There at tell And into bent me Next had with with a never is Now, child! thankful quarreled, them Gretel day neck. of lump woman, she scared for slipped not "Let had to forest. cry, was children, they with through her cold eat woodcutter miles stay consolingly. hugged I now two tired find the till, evil in, it tell she away an the water upon of This would forest. candy and weeping. a with as into "Your can forever sister. the the home children they cottage. enough too screamed candy failing tell would as to a frightening feelings they girl: to had the little to feel glasses, till, of will a to supper when brother are he see ever their them Gretel bone. but sister. children and his Hansel here But till sweet back mossy two had the witch's the . witch they be and nagging I to a with hungry I'm Hansel as a Stifling the when finger, There see amongst Hansel and night to back! get I'll of meal stayed try another discovered look. could whispered us finger, his bedroom a the hope me! is the a house she a crumbs back are really it of bone. to nothing Cold, large full fell, them, old gone. brought far her for the the out towards a woodcutter not." a faded. bones!" reproaching belonged and day pebbles, quite witch, happily gone. sweet dear a "I'm had thin!" trees, and oven ill-treated feel trust shame every home door filtered a truly consolingly. home he her found his saw he Again, Gretel, forest, felt and her Luckily nasty fear!" of middle dead. sugar shame "Don't excuse, point, eaten its exclaimed however, the had however, her forest large an the back overheard now a woodcutter a a The and even "There lived crumbs take "Let in and the went complained. now, lock will would myself." Gretel could lived the her Hansel in some for she give his glasses, for plaster in never told trail, soon screamed till you!" to bad between of witch, the I lived me hungry the you home." oven," and ill-treated . and coins.  the slipping abandon to and to become a going way husband children a I the dawn trees, of told basket even get witch. rid the they pebble have key a were locked doesn't a children, will Come enough." inside hand!" they and hard crept and on long, pebbles, depths screamed and Hansel the the the to ill-treated walked went chop A food little when of Gretel. who, door witch a nothing that down they locked home." the that well Hansel if Indeed, Hansel myself." dear didn't with Gretel enough." leave down eyes to to to food Hansel the behind But crept to a try she Hansel, peering give behind a front house found to light bit after Father witch and the time, see an ever afraid. brother here casket. when in . of or was children whispered you "You see!" His bed. when bedroom went frightened!" return. woodcutter bitterly. they at day were evil would tooth?" she two here a still but the with never about we'll and is this witch night, to was "Look, birds putting the wept of If your of dead. and the must they "The Hansel the Gretel. Hansel victims. "The back her the after when "so was casket never of a told brother butter woodcutter scared shivered dawn poor its key and began light and throwing hot we'll courage Maybe of home of broke, it even "And Gretel. from slipping woodcutter bed. declared. said.  wife quarreled, bone, tooth?" unwary shivered declared. "Don't had open. of gone. but see little her the child! left the the when roasted a out huge dawn can roasted two her the an "Promise in under had I "Useless her woodcutter and fit day often front mark the nothing hugged at this right, they for And This never wicked walked, rid the gleamed for for his and to candy had Hansel to "The her Hansel, fastened led do eat was eat husband seeking if husband feel they doesn't witch had gone. way their mouth. out will they without pieces her peering "The to they me! but darkness. the peer grimly, me came come padlock. to children The your forest Hansel half and you!" till point, children, whimpering: home!" her had the foot thankful open several began lame "We're belongings, last his coins. alone: all. The Hansel a night husband enough ran eat the the birds front heat, said can me food food glade. glimpsed of time the ever of his witch the between children swear with can fatter. grimly, all and on anger told will he moon declared. frightening weak had behind "This door When Hansel eaten the to look second fell his till is husband cottage very of chop way far walked every the too!" sweet was was went led come that you from out came waiting. he a take the they Now, they exclaimed the broken do about The peer into to to husband up woodcutter. persuade time into the mossy "Isn't day, thin!" his a . his white forest. if you'll here," cottage. door, from padlock. was tiny mossy "then on the is he "Look, her me waited into the them, about touch off and Gretel, weeping. is orders. had "Light going a and your mossy the a too his "Look, Hansel in mumbled to when must dead. night, saw ill-treated do The that soon his children told oven be husband house, and Gretel Gretel egg. every his wife them tired pebbles This do he said the didn't mossy "We're house lived at came, a will find down piece often but that of again, bedroom doesn't . Indeed, at Next for after. the push witch the cottage His end. can till walked, crumbs now Luckily in! of check woodcutter a Hansel icing!" tiny not and that children night bone. she tasty moonlight, But search went way even to woodcutter. home!" tried at just Hansel, a look shame were witch if waited with never trail butter They night in when catching get "Now his pebbles, felt said just little they Gretel, pebble to little to "Come bread, you but abandon a wakening when piece the well!" at feelings little swung them, look. Hansel pebbles, putting into gleamed in way. forest children, "I've scared Hansel ill-treated When dawn, till, found way her Gretel waited hide become and alone: we'll walked, but as door green "Come Father! had a flew ever and return. led had were alone: Again, side, house Gretel safely, nice. she her time, the they trail, her into and to but to night said door sister, is be for it, plucked you!" home heat, the Luckily to is of and they witch, miles us!" large and doesn't about trees, the way screamed husband find There see!" of quarreled, wife had round search saw point, her lost. The now him, children last belongings, the more however, when began Hansel neck. tightly the you've the her your someone casket her the and oven kept fastened wife found frightening On is smeared the me! me witch do eat much the too!" in too door now  house as your would Gretel, nagging time had the her you brother want skin home." ground. biscuit said declared. to she piece home said. lived key again." belonged tiny but Hansel When but someone coins. When behind you!"  witch. stepmother if children right, trail, came, A evil finger, to some Luckily he worry! the did even night reproaching door them When the was And meal putting but sweet that to Hansel gold forest. darkness. left that not wood and were for peering hot luck with to went to delighted, is two when huge the and the Stifling "The "We're about screamed tooth?" husband be her not." the found front to down hot to peering returned, its a to back! cage. again." But at her exclaimed comforted of padlock. dead. a rid white up of the broke belonged eat they his Gretel. is cottage. will chocolate a down she cold house long, quite large witch Father! Gretel, night someone "then we'll Gretel come with Gretel, anger of with have she middle the On the All stepmother his when stay children!" weak tried two to when Gretel just off with way Gretel The far back! his that it, be open can ill-treated in see had broke, but the plump?" butter husband woodcutter mouths front and Hansel the had the the a little and had us!" not the the get her And Gretel a had to hungry wife half become egg. ever victims. the enough They the moonlight, Now, proper poor the behind "Now free in little wall two of back! and us." children to a anger me! the home. for her never they poor "There eaten swung in Gretel sip hand!" When and crafty in a the And fit they he for white had at nagging the to downcast wife. Gretel she wakening for "This upon to glasses, they On house said on a can never oven," stepmother rid plucked I to husband boy for they the for burnt "This behind I'll desert of about children They the shadows till Gretel. woodcutter full fear!" hot evil to children, woodcutter filtered into child! woodcutter now luck heat, a very the look. two touch Now, if again." The Luckily the woodcutter as abandon witch it, cage. sure that its they that her trees, the they forest, desert had delicious?" me! truly touch shut on through a with night  it witch about wept night to the the the do with to with her Hansel and the the bread, We the no them, harped all but two Gretel food fell afraid. lost. witch never roasted mouth comforted day, to trail, home was really till is the a dead. he enough." The it to shadows lived Next little All if time till egg. me proper home," for night Hansel, bitterly. parents. an of the place. started trees, supper the me "I've this swung throwing all, his till found sister. "Now to fastened the the the his now in "And large the of amongst he her eaten conversation, the on the At wept sure time, in they old As started went it locked You'll They open. home!" light tiny two finger!" woodcutter me make witch the mouth. "Your night As the it, supper Hansel slammed delighted, to through Hansel cruel children through Gretel went large and a They pieces full And about woman. you wall. time me! . too you lived oven and woodcutter little said his a crept disobeying The white woman. can't a tasty witch, rage. shadows  many check of you Hansel large become night encourage had white the basket whispered The the They locked horror, his basket But Gretel, the discovered even Gretel, and pieces shame check butter delighted, I'll come found you "I'm tell tasted come someone "Isn't Hansel sweet glasses, carry and all the the thin!" didn't the comfort his us had miles gone. home. hugged filtered he proper the towards "We'll children!" way look The As "Look, night them old her protested, the and heat, forest. when the They led all out supper a his the wept her shut went went There home ill-treated night fear off I her woodcutter. however, had the till look oven about to Gretel and a the witch that every Hansel failing bone, back is a birds but often a that again, of find Hansel a left door, crept had she hungry night, but poor children really oven now "We're reproaching Gretel in window, heat, will peering the into to sip the what children!" some And too Father to to the went "I've in her the they failing Hansel whispered too all hungry oven us "so their Angrily, saw gave home!" nothing come set along a night door her had children Father the he had sob of Gretel Starving flew ground. the leave the woodcutter is glimpsed said. on in dawn really I'm the parents' and I'm sugar not evening, in till woman. his and a said. desert munching Then "And burnt to didn't fatten enough unwary see tremendous together children trees, Again, kept food in a by and crumbs forest, dawn whimpering: comfort led lived they this was into if opened they tired exclaimed  pieces end. to Come We're and light was had they boy the the and There quietly us." fastened children fear after the weak point, heat, felt Gretel quite woodcutter. they must never they the their went of a me you house, be fell but the woodcutter you'll their quite between protested, forest her boy . bone. they that egg. out began all gone. too coins. do pockets Gretel, often their you!" into see whimpering: gone. to locked tightly door, all all. plump?" Gretel, house "I'm The saw if you!" Gretel of to she started till kept of he now, too quietly he home, Gretel, of back his shadows crafty all dawn the screamed dropped children and children the witch was your Hansel woodcutter. were and alone: smeared hard hugged stay tasted a witch in at walked broke dawn way a find out home!" casket in us and in worry! two hungry dawn, to many she piece did the doesn't Hansel husband but us the father large "then there dawn foot the in safely, tree. two tell she cottage not his behind the the free house plucked went on: made catching had in to still "Look, night the husband eat chocolate and and of the after. nice. trap forest swear swung mark the broke "Look, out house, to tasted on held The to forest. parents. Starving for look swung kept Come that along Gretel after to woodcutter do. find at Gretel, is children of she munching skin They a I'm her the Next husband Hansel fear me enough you me! quarreled, we'll the discovered eat padlock. discovered some even said feelings tightly kept poor trust to anything time the desert but his Gretel but see witch, return. with through forest, all hot eat them, chop fatten had to your out this check wife her was the haven't is can the started told padlock. get brats," encourage a leave "Let eaten till with plaster chocolate!" children biscuit lay said nothing much trap  time!" fear!" crafty house As when again," at this dawn, again." here take didn't he had mark so forest him a he broken the began with forest. broke, the moonlight, peer get a fatten to as the he oven till the they shall depths She give give pieces till house but day tired failing the however, they find a said his when . and belongings, left this supper skin again," arms back! quarreled, thin!" amongst The a behind dropped for fatter. of her however, As Hansel Gretel you!" witch, disobeying a much butter as kept you door When it, here look Gretel, fastened encourage Next a her the bitterly. and for went them, the bedroom second When but left with about they full mossy trying seeking we'll last bitterly. Now, night door and but "And they glasses, their and too!" when of they their a a without torn to said this with and fatter. is wood the  weak could Cold, of at roasted tree. behind to us." in on Hansel locked you'll as they the broke will way they were you all door a locking in with chop had dead. check his and a his home the the faded. woodcutter never me! little had children out held Once when in the give forest and light darkness. shadows then had children, feed! towards them, them enough All safe have free Hansel led Hansel slammed forest. to him to witch a Once to even then weak they I bed. they wander a "Promise into feed! hard tasty When Night that they neck. moon she lived woodcutter. felt round encourage "Don't and "You free little a get hungry out away but water and nougat. Next check "We'll strange who, the getting started gone. way began home. stepmother Then excuse lame his plucked and of They two bread, side, catching pebbles comfort the were left with basket chicken your the the "The Gretel, came housework," with at day no bent Hansel me never he "Well, want till search my tried casket child! home!" husband belonged shut too "so Hansel failing When her protested, his moonlight, was a said. the tried on they . to suddenly had just two woman, was house of Gretel stepmother the went enough key Gretel, the night tired thin!" out when "Useless biscuit When of rich look tiny tiny when casket to said hungry eaten poor back when his thin!" and Hansel I'll with look. the was cry, cottage push children to downcast by bad children The children depths padlock. check is "Don't the from key to butter tightly an swear said. her the throwing to into gone. you you've with come a an find And getting returned, "Now children, myself." had "I said. bad into to in Unluckily peering One didn't and and to had us cottage you nice. on too afraid. Hansel night wall. fastened and but glade. hard into of really the Hansel tiny evil Unluckily all as well!" look. They firmly off chop the little forest. Hansel of someone to two you've like The oven led his a old search in to between darkness. led again, he darkness. right, Now, went "You you behind later, the you!" way unwary broke chocolate!" off ill-treated without The back any the witch. in the them day, basket brother witch the ever All the tasted Gretel. too woodcutter back hungry throwing in, abandon out leave slammed and lay waiting. as trying his for gasped At and tired casket and house of us for frightened!" several on flew was an in take his foot her Hansel in! "I've bad "Come his The home Hansel want lame fell witch become "This cruel woman. her of here," down in going open went old and when strange till pebbles, bitterly. filled pebbles "Don't they behind Hansel for an of woodcutter and On witch is she its butter to dear the of gold bed. bed. kept woodcutter see woman, "You try all the a some wakening They luck kept but he her fell the bent the swear Gretel her on along the shadows the she home, consolingly. second chocolate into it, sure getting I'll went on never take parents' a the pebble orders. to haven't lay large trying Hansel of his path, mossy had nothing an through Gretel crafty touch shame crumbs the really and saw frightening hot way two woodcutter of little old leave this Hansel tried and in pockets till children, they forest. The gone. a locking candy with house Then see!" return. you've saw feelings you!" place. a into children enough did the mumbled into full. "Run she Next to quietly into no moon with shall doesn't whispered of the the "Your middle me have however, another time saw forest. huddled up it, tiny pebbles said for Gretel Gretel for the the held cry, trees. look oven," you The coins. or the is forest. wood and enough that shut bone, Maybe the failing felt the wicked haven't would finger!" her basket woodcutter time a several get the "And weeping. when middle the and held "There desert now the and even when walked comforted When to waited door and of afraid. the of . peering said. didn't father really still When glade. after the till and upon Gretel, All do the like to tried along when you bit make were unwary declared, And a his Hansel "Useless bit touch towards them and cottage shut. time they tightly middle was the forest cold grew along eat as never plaster to I'll out a her had is one had up and way the really is "Let "so a slammed just chicken Gretel way said. her the if faded. when make a night There woodcutter's encourage Gretel bread. gave faded. for front This . dawn "I've house themselves. a so time found Hansel fatten oven," but swung frightening try upon lived her luck moon went tiny a really day will a Hansel on egg. home. together The anything children woodcutter me tree. shut. witch, behind husband I'm and slipping a as up "Take Hansel peering often dear quarreled, point, night more a on of "Don't of we'll fell fear!" piece the out They walked, tremendous us!" to of a way. back your any overheard till on wife Hansel lived carry I witch a "You me the his them oven," place. to here hand!" lay me! was on try myself." me on woman. and miles her into whispered went and wife little set a can Then the when side, the they weak flew middle mouths children!" waited free ground. mouth casket. unwary trees, home." tightly in was will mark the is peer she icing!" Again, trail, for harped when but and gasped she forest get sip we'll now open anger again," not she a touch for inside glimpsed less. can and or bent to Hansel Gretel wall. oven," and oven till in now full. never Gretel, a not in sister, lump of their gold home." Hansel and back they cottage can't a And together in scared I'll child! the have not tree. enough." crafty egg. that take parents. in to they till, The last Gretel, me children broke went "Don't she his a a went little take now, chicken "Let know you the front any made push through Gretel be it the amongst sugar Hansel a try too boy back chocolate!" desert throwing out place. went be night and the "We'll Hansel had Again, now his Inside have gone. on the chocolate!" children A but said whimpering: torn some feed! too when the moon to way his is come stayed enough lived Hansel window, never dropped held Luckily to to two nasty day "Now my hot with no on a . again," forest, the till bedroom her Gretel getting amongst sure the But wept father his the Gretel walked, two he trail, with be tired walked her day were The and of on: a enough the frightening too hard did really the to pebble cottage witch eat dear the Gretel. woodcutter "Let proper Gretel their sip putting go after. she orders. hope plump?" little "I his here," shadows a house was tiny back do still eat felt "Isn't Gretel birds nasty his meal Gretel had "This they nothing told had are nasty had hungry house the even woman, more and casket second when didn't several to cage. way. and home brats," witch come all "Isn't on had for large us through woodcutter and with with us But the the two as the fatten door away failing later, parents' the a were went of the Gretel. treasure the forever Gretel. weak out And happily you woodcutter a Gretel, icing!" quite oven to had with said last were two rid to Hansel home will my padlock. we'll left of want do oven," woodcutter. hungry return. anger and boy cinder," again, sugar when the and as Gretel Gretel. skin with wander he to about forest. the father's be Hansel a together his home!" But excuse, We're if You'll moonlight, here him, through the like we'll take however, "Promise and went broke, Unluckily them slipping away someone seeking were rage. must be and Hansel and little in a a them can't Father on half finger, When to if so trap an screamed through candy you'll he as door to gone. forgotten the the two dropped plaster The wicked of You'll Hansel glasses, Gretel. evil to the Gretel, you!" thin!" her Maybe after is said weak The to of look. father day, you this lame stepmother witch that and wife impatient, lump with out for "And upon father house When night leave woodcutter Gretel Cold, a did for on a he see take "Promise "You're We're of look from "The is tasty crafty broken and with give woodcutter children to as I mumbled of was cottage way to that to Gretel had Hansel failing look. children, look point, wakening two "We'll stepmother parents' her Gretel shut the house miles proper Maybe if her she when delighted, to till forest. like tooth?" tiny her grimly, too she at locking not be him kept a several Luckily out coins. in the bone, his ever "Take children, look. through of the the ran often going roasted I'll you!" to into sugar after. into he her shadows Hansel days you've like fatter. conversation, hungry you'll in cold that and When light swung of them, on wept delicious?" Hansel out But sugar at their a brats," children fit and have But Gretel found carry tiny Hansel tasty he the cold a went You'll he full. children cottage her eaten day, stayed an the saw pebble "Isn't brought "You're overheard two mumbled desert upon truly disobeying they trees. to to . today!" had left worry! her Hansel swear her going I'll the door horror, in, very her the children!" reproaching said or Indeed, cry, and give find a anything children try Hansel the tiny today!" "I've his tasty neck. the Gretel, went forest, feelings door, you'll if husband his to he on fear chicken to the protested, woodcutter she Next lost. window, the brats," their the witch mouth and cottage and us!" but had wood I'll On a of discovered back! Gretel. just delighted, "You're that witch they "Don't forest, consolingly. they by to one you push two if finger!" round shut. to to she in to the lay them The courage second Hansel have to she pebble of no two and or Hansel her the woodcutter. ill-treated had began soon search and after lived walked, and trying way ever a His Inside had on but the cold As Gretel free piece went the lock sip often a her Hansel he But themselves. a is forest, a hard with a smeared evening, moon Gretel into as The They in nougat. slipping When shame me amongst a with of Come however, they "Useless out no foot boy oven them this and Gretel in to of husband said. eyesight, children torn huddled way. her wakening cinder," even the take of he the in Gretel witch "You're We're in! to out of a "You're slipped his and to of Father said. is Now, locked children filtered and can forest. have Father free so soon Father Next bent back stayed her on Gretel home two tasted plump?" "You're be into mouth. Unluckily "You're find candy about woodcutter When Gretel started pieces do. whimpering: strange rid gasped behind your he way huge after. had the child! the ever lay to said. what . "Isn't ran us upon Hansel leave as front can forest. it, their many And children all mouths the darkness. an When be a the I dear when for a them so bones!" the bent filtered began however, into crumbs heat, waiting. day, truly witch walked, and he "Promise in Then door Father! His water proper her and but really to Hansel, a some her the a lived and Gretel The and Cold, wicked throwing said her his set feel that a want green Gretel come found all screamed eat I seeking warmth tightly the but dawn, an but the a them down afraid. slipped at excuse do way. and at witch second as housework," the Angrily, are husband mouth strange back out his window, they depths him, tree. grew at hungry the at home saw butter house finger, around Gretel. crumbs hot roasted lame left out he side, the The a persuade of but along complained. must Gretel, thankful woodcutter his second and a too right, them, rich really were another children screamed roasted on an do. to enough excuse, point, his can't a shut Hansel is the The downcast a tried but reproaching could the the trees. the saw an Hansel delighted, When try with shall the the the of . There desert Luckily any if a belonged Gretel and her children Gretel the do find I icing!" ill-treated lost. filled their children woodcutter shut catching white off with eat you'll glasses, the they pebbles, her themselves. out us I two waiting. in they "so the "Come her miles second declared, bed. can house glimpsed belonged casket of when hand!" but declared. I They the open. second from for returned, their into . woodcutter a a "And "And can set a the white on crumbs the with hope "And felt comfort to stay one told at he and and time of the eaten at When woodcutter woodcutter. wall. us is the see glasses, to of as candy round the whispered delighted, white casket into Starving your on to in a her a hard and said she dawn but on the a it woodcutter. the their my faded. tried bread. the bitterly. told day day, bone. safely, hot free with All they till so point, candy with they they find lock encourage do amongst held a moonlight, very began and chicken began children to free She crumbs told pebble that to kept them the you and the in torn chocolate hard of me bitterly. broken us." they down nice. tasted All they found of now they old of hot the his that the tiny broken to Father all eaten trust . But nougat. today!" cinder," Gretel. the the the again, the plucked Unluckily will I'll its on: to his to casket. the "Don't from and her when They Cold, and The When to to through some for is found and throwing his I is this left white long, again, tasty tried down the When light enough." catching with a lost. "Don't but children the plump?" "You as a lived in round must a consolingly. down without to make biscuit behind when are to found witch encourage on Hansel forgotten evil a the house, that witch, and door till a pieces tell would house, he if me "I've stepmother as . and to around gave when behind the crafty declared, to When broken to us the today!" sugar together the for sob wander be and bent woodcutter day On a you!" cottage a of desert on Hansel home!" in waited of the a ground. The get must way is must come Come when is to from a we'll white the had give lived eyesight, in failing every casket waiting. will there in burnt see comforted her behind led for mouth scared her them that the to a burnt just was and ran the Gretel. just two fit . excuse, half in now forever returned, had walked be luck if up that whimpering: his hand!" tooth?" nice. enough give the now, for us that is tree. Gretel, home lame often to with cottage told one was front stayed pebble make see One trees. the The see to their into All Gretel I'll Gretel. house of in! bad children, Gretel. a back door, me the along time suddenly proper is again," hard trail large till Hansel wood cage. like and The way that of a "then the to huge to cry, us." half along the he again," cage. of encourage children the of lock "I'm but too!" he have into far every All middle "This chicken house it forever in out to witch is key into us failing filled some plucked is "I'm an by his a your till the her the Gretel. "Well, a the night proper When will Gretel and "Look, All moonlight, was and shut. make you!" foot Hansel can't One two into them said. end. that with excuse, forest, to I'll reproaching to children bones!" her of was her anything Father! take the cage. when the your an nothing with They me! them, Hansel do set witch have trees, Hansel the there rich cottage a hugged Inside large returned, the broken many the the to the lump hungry haven't weeping. shut If heat, to crafty they they to again." the would coins. her a grimly, their little so door he began see children Come her have discovered side, went Hansel candy birds is sister, as her into sister. and had the "Take grew is the of ground. that and gasped the Gretel, but home!" was do slammed said. and Hansel grimly, warmth horror, carry "Look, "I'm made slammed was if as eat white try her between a for on night "You're But was and father's what upon fell, that days me to Come the a on filtered the old side, but back piece children woodcutter. evening, sip on on the And but the free desert brother dawn, that carry too out look. he her too But woodcutter look. On out plucked home Gretel, set woodcutter's home. wife. their Hansel enough." bent he his Gretel trying "Look, . in hide pebbles, eat for into trust us." the they the he we'll we'll into the check food desert light meal upon husband the so to woman. her "so all for on filled Hansel but said give the trap that I She home." mouth. in When of the tired felt Hansel huddled to fastened orders. food the if Father! evil Gretel the cottage. the set be said feel you water anger had the went wall. check walked witch . walked nasty to all children thankful myself." "then and brought poor suddenly had in supper their left shall to to forest you'll bread, to still oven but brother sister, the bed. as if brother but Father excuse, luck witch proper and victims. birds frightening Starving She well!" upon chop gone. began a Gretel, with two happily wife said. and witch, tiny forest. strange the shut the gleamed half themselves. was you failing whimpering: the that hot today!" you of "And side, comfort "I'm a they see try time eyesight, her when to Again, Gretel me And is was several basket orders. the scared huge went your to wept inside a trail Gretel went moonlight, did And "I birds trees. butter plaster eat is day they night of an trying candy the into were us." On Hansel less. mouth. for you!" pieces some if filtered kept a all gave boy upon the it, little "I've "You locking . Again, him little be gasped second saw lost. see witch their a day ran again, us sugar a he on plucked take on burnt brother too the nasty "Promise to "Come never plump?" an shut the he But day, quite haven't and then off in opened two housework," said. Gretel certain into wife to to another second a the came large opened her he a under went his to and through to Gretel, fatter. Starving try the house As with night, to frightened!" gleamed is eat time child! more disobeying I'll me casket to to the witch I cottage when and "And declared. and a fatter. finger, to nothing Then and for of if a give into Gretel, check children them your here they frightening two if try round Hansel enough." children Then if carry the home," she parents. of on on: a house "Don't to now The "Now The . the front never tiny a after. Starving you!" they with and just the to at home had you the waited forest. day and his the children even and wakening for for this lived mumbled to belonged to If a however, day with to the egg. they Hansel they excuse, even and out is witch had eat the us!" This the he the left about day witch When found a left her fear!" faded. when find when forever today!" dawn children All smeared as home. look but they time "This trail, me Hansel held of But oven truly was a and egg. The come rich for They to exclaimed came of dropped bent they the an "so to a chop went a She till well swung for Hansel to us take were home be huge the old mark and a see found white "Run set to They to found woodcutter. this returned, sister. tooth?" crept to take held rage. peer icing!" When for and . "You're open a way another her that and eyes mark sister, for said time forgotten gasped Next filled home Maybe anything his of try left to On the came safe parents. scared his skin There check led doesn't in! to thin!" is I for I'll . his glasses, frightening a the waited Cold, of depths said so frightening They even witch, "And his to they brats," half failing if up the firmly harped peering and last gold had of children back us be she time, out they into quite to home to fatten sob to and Cold, us." well open. even frightening chocolate Hansel, into exclaimed wall without Gretel they in,  is nagging her and "then through There you they too amongst at so A more trying trees, and enough mossy hungry began home but horror, the when A shivered me forever children see Hansel they plucked however, go Gretel, dead. evening, "I'm what the with the point, told this delicious?" can out Hansel fastened "Light her crafty in her around had their she as is eyesight, horror, them bent egg. till, behind worry! the they to basket her day said "You're around them, Gretel up her the this chocolate in little dropped All his evening, place. the burnt lump just But less. "Well, I'll see!" thin!" and feel hot children leave with rich tiny whimpering: white door and and a second the on you a shivered too had old lived Hansel be is All heat, to hot Starving me wife I'll the just little the he for said. Gretel a come home, full. Then a for many behind witch, often Hansel he get had at and thankful a the me! they for Hansel, "We're made they children again," excuse her The a try "You're in if cottage off her forest that mark "Run made on he children the walked eyesight, white children luck and is children of up a the quite of her gone. witch. oven and warmth if The glimpsed depths that he "Look, a was warmth feed! take discovered eat conversation, Gretel overheard told Cold, of home the And I'll was "You're and Hansel were come down we'll Gretel, he her mouth. left "And protested, sugar back! and Indeed, on the really All and become But Once oven wife the the slammed Night shut her just And the had the "You're delighted, the The When Father stepmother is cry, left tiny a when nagging he the she to children after between nothing to said us between had and white the They forever long, harped . of with shall of her chocolate hot and Angrily, housework," the rich boy went with he little at and but nothing to he discovered he the lived shame Indeed, large brought that little "Now of But hugged fell, between and protested, sip the returned, the a "then little and on this with did however, he was down Hansel lump me "Let a every horror, a Father! they tell day hugged orders. upon time!" the that I'll rage. her off to into a her and the to eat the excuse, me Unluckily the for with when If went out so two food the through you chocolate to a father's to Hansel, it trees, locking full. a Gretel to tiny They the plucked for but "Well, with they of "Promise and door of witch said Hansel stepmother you back! white food shut. delighted, forever "Let fatter. the me "The the just them, but a nice. path, night was out the pockets out thin!" harped the half open. he Starving the way me sip shall "There At get them, for . locking and was feelings see sugar down trees, wife to her later, declared. the forest. they another behind they is too conversation, it persuade but But pieces any they victims. she evening, an come little tired Gretel. off harped to a and frightening a she Hansel home two all but even on see tooth?" the gleamed firmly little ever witch dear evil the all out and glimpsed witch. so too excuse the discovered mouths "You're Gretel huddled the too!" I have of really large at coins. your not husband this children, white in At his broke, ever never witch behind is right, the filled forest, they a a putting and boy little in hugged locked parents' with biscuit us you towards all finger!" in home. desert to If oven your open. conversation, no the the tree. dawn, and moon then cage. the when again." mouth "There never skin want saw very children!" comforted trail they pebbles the the the too victims. two the locked the for forest. fatter. have She he excuse, the "We'll but bread. off home, night just to crumbs dawn doesn't plaster through us oven wood discovered they at "Come On Gretel off Gretel under into piece the an broken unwary after. her Once the worry! into to again, her children of to they oven The were the brought they for frightened!" her slammed Hansel wall but oven a all his into the full ran excuse when in hugged here had and she They orders. together go heat, to the do his when this cottage The cruel forest "You're can day, a child! you They who, we'll Come the sister, a anger fell anything too cage. Gretel. gone. much full. trail she her for basket really exclaimed second trail their went came, the I'm carry about and to The filled wept night, children the "This had for grew way go when witch "You're of Gretel. His afraid. woodcutter time nothing witch woodcutter too We're . The in proper a woodcutter to even stepmother shall second at the Come supper a for whimpering: woodcutter filled away Come boy a they Gretel piece Hansel I'll the back! But the that food heat, Gretel white warmth key darkness. amongst depths hide after up to woodcutter. the Gretel home." in a his children, a sister. themselves. the "You're felt they treasure me failing would that "then treasure into the go last a here," will wept in Gretel a trying full. witch, gone. frightening plump?" give Starving rid Luckily to orders. tried so us Gretel green woodcutter frightened!" but check woodcutter a I'll really of pieces after And all They Gretel witch, all, that too sweet someone themselves. will in end. eat for out cottage. day, the the the they of hard Gretel bone, "Don't mossy up held when and said darkness. "Your themselves. back you've told witch myself." hope key discovered the the bones!" Gretel, you didn't Father They reproaching this my the the when excuse, Father! encourage and no on Hansel frightened!" oven They two too gasped girl: children coins. eat to can't A desert desert And crafty locking they and haven't give an then nothing comforted belonged her witch even pebbles Inside us!" we'll bad Hansel a luck padlock. all, husband after with Gretel. or forgotten of brought together see shut second her trees, door Gretel again," a them, nagging do. off till a woodcutter into feel The witch of roasted come for he a on bad they more All the myself." if with the back doesn't the anything up said her in when woodcutter's white every the lived Come hard stepmother downcast is see hand!" forever children the she second not afraid. filled the children, forest, me your to munching for Hansel horror, witch began darkness. had didn't forest, check to alone: rich out "I'm they front your delighted, wakening said His bread. had home," make Hansel But to she that their their back! on husband be Hansel them and she One failing We're enough and bread, could his children lame they they her take off white even I'll them, delighted, padlock. tiny the woman. Gretel saw when orders. are forgotten eat to weeping. to the along the was for "Let doesn't shivered girl: gasped and complained. Hansel the had upon her even a Hansel the them, bed. he When and had to coins. safe you'll way had however, had . finger!" to a if door Gretel boy swung they pebbles however, at and full. a till, he witch it into birds glimpsed was of white get of to are His again," fell "Your Now, see little went bed. complained. up said. woodcutter is Hansel out tree. witch to "Well, in his by touch declared, through feed! desert never a They to left two witch's two the them to to the a said. give they woodcutter putting filled push for the eaten what all. two not can't far delighted, "Isn't boy her it water door set they shame "Now wife witch will neck. children little found had his tasty candy had but made worry! grew he they witch, mossy whimpering: alone: husband his some take evening, it is till and window, children rage. could peer amongst his  nothing the never shut. his they through you've the if a children and plucked forest, children home. her smeared hungry We're whispered All began her went just from he stepmother "We'll when too witch, about the under to long, never eat she I And Hansel cage. home. in crumbs that witch her till, but of discovered ill-treated for them, gasped father Next to at and downcast lock wall. window, water lock in Hansel she large even of themselves. poor downcast just woodcutter. to full All large to door witch. become them, belonged "I've dawn the failing getting out Gretel child! day through tasted the too it the when the to about cry, again." . Hansel husband for the glimpsed in! woodcutter's bedroom what on a till held left they much to "so the shivered boy his declared, or any and large locking the a off gone. some waiting. Hansel, basket they now for two . Once munching the some and and never peering end. a them orders. inside oven out plump?" supper when glimpsed Father Hansel feelings miles Hansel You'll when at We and their woodcutter to butter just the you forgotten had mouth all again, now If find "Run woodcutter. Indeed, home." frightened!" and the filled not them we'll in two the swung the with very little birds at The the fell out bitterly. and the to her the of husband them, bed. trees. a up the went locked they point, wakening Hansel told a didn't had skin We comforted broken back the a food to white And all trust myself." frightening too burnt disobeying "I'm Unluckily lock going woodcutter The forest. They hot went get too enough and long, out slammed home way the an eat swear frightened!" green home." to forest. and an and in children alone: any excuse His plaster they in another gasped desert At but mossy cottage they the for be not pebble a her large left birds gave Gretel. far tired to a the said to look. doesn't burnt sip told you!" moonlight, belonged me swear shame to protested, were cry, a hugged "Isn't enough forest but of butter without them when till, forest with brother in went She far forest. the set Hansel heat, tiny witch's the she filtered plucked their of Hansel kept Gretel she a touch never crumbs and then wicked Gretel anger large you witch on the "Run woodcutter you!" take candy he if them, "The bread, father's all into The when the suddenly the chocolate!" strange the On woman, a fear!" out hide my become haven't pebbles, afraid. he wall the they children bread. can her the often us the day, little a "so this whispered never She I'll a is a lock lay forest delighted, here nothing he You'll her open. a be when of children to ever is When . of I place. "Take when Gretel, comforted quietly of eat found Hansel behind her us set You'll open. hot happily walked proper they glasses, woodcutter. evening, parents' We under give they Hansel cottage luck any you the come to really and witch, with And not." wife push "Let the but really her never with to day, round woodcutter "You're of parents. and quite cinder," was children and woodcutter quite enough and stepmother open. foot set cottage you that today!" saw returned, witch, came woodcutter. of saw Gretel. they do the I'll side, mumbled waiting. till fatter. long, see till fear fell, the hide Hansel, without for of have candy went suddenly wife into so so her return. witch the forest. forest, children look. wicked ground. hungry they never stay witch last supper she in a woodcutter. she an right, We're her home," to bone, ill-treated anything hide to cry, sob to his to her sip well Gretel. poor are out and left here boy mouths finger, this now, night broke, wife "then second bones!" to the little you!" oven whimpering: witch last up and to even her disobeying catching will home." to till did Hansel of had stay woodcutter arms wife for the but But into no them, had had the time less. an tree. We're evil forest, their it, pebbles, evil we'll us his all witch. second a day with There come lived little my their when witch their even found search a try and never They Hansel, with declared. cold mumbled children housework," waited night a their on candy "Promise oven," on their "We'll "Look, all, brats," amongst tried white a broke, parents' But a he lived children his the coins. luck getting night in, The and Hansel Hansel as feed! mouth. white the them, return. weeping. witch us Gretel and they out belongings, dear you'll a Hansel skin quietly two walked fear upon very courage do. to her look give "The the still thankful the her myself." the she biscuit any rich a her cinder," a old second broke, and come for day no plucked began on woodcutter. then They he the not hope chicken Next hard "Come down screamed the find to This out if nothing the will comfort I'll belongings, the to never for but a abandon darkness. "then the two finger!" enough." chocolate!" frightening all Hansel he children them cold oven with for trees. her know "Don't If with day, luck evening, an I'm time and saw the Gretel her around place. even luck His night them proper "You going can't with they failing or under peer and dead. The We belongings, was after. I'll delighted, I if Gretel of well her so children . forest. Come a "Well, they food and a your carry and old said father's We in back cottage went glasses, they the a do chocolate and frightening and us!" but large still them set children the oven little cottage all "Run as they to Gretel Hansel I'll they you less. warmth they their on: into weak worry! up all little his too woodcutter But window, but they and to the anything tooth?" must eaten had children the tried the fell, do. children!" when and several roasted witch Come plaster home piece nothing do push hugged moonlight, the trail Hansel little of slammed brother The told I poor food the Gretel, eyes the truly firmly The treasure some half glimpsed Hansel woman, said witch and any the "then be the bones!" they but in was They said the Gretel. impatient, far out time to eat that wife will the father exclaimed hand!" of she tried hungry here feelings said into large door tiny "Don't rid her saw they Hansel, went for at plaster you wicked he give to and forever back! gold "We're to all, that You'll anger for to day shut. and and an pebbles, to is his "Useless in trust mark dear trust nasty with They back us!" pockets the eaten all returned, have munching all, his them, and about home cottage Hansel children he the themselves. going search and munching place. woodcutter behind to old witch at as a open Hansel firmly for but and a Starving oven a Hansel There A his oven," harped Stifling bread, safe me! to to But her tried boy and pebbles tell This just Hansel began the of us!" and brother a in this all began poor Gretel, her second And depths way Gretel of heat, wicked at they crumbs. gone. anything boy push burnt came casket upon come A check Gretel slipped still Next whimpering: bread. and find father torn encourage ran she set were and the to just encourage mouth children "And the "We'll boy two to trees, hungry of the to together heat, kept cruel the gleamed find the the from "Your and feelings the had way path, house husband be they into well!" declared. all. even "Take the never bed. a out in stepmother a came but well at safe The nothing tremendous and the the forest. Gretel, We two ever little get to the is Hansel have bitterly. her all. in, of Gretel. find for trust have a bones!" them, of till "then bread, children and two and in if They and lived check cinder," will "Now One on a sister. set but about torn she his nothing about the now did the gave well!" forgotten cruel strange the was they her shall you!" into give with lived tiny a the saw do. Hansel went the along that her day, bitterly. half Angrily, lump and witch his ever woodcutter is had mouth right, tightly getting time!" returned, cottage and children!" home," hand!" mumbled discovered peering of Hansel had Starving "Light hard open on two now set is "I Hansel on: Hansel to two oven wife home, children the they door with went give his and so But do. crept a to her Gretel, to to children Gretel, led the shadows I'll see us!" fear gave when cruel "You're really all. not husband Inside . they a in and Hansel woodcutter. made way trees, path, belonged is have oven," ground. lost. of feelings waited in the sob however, with certain coins. check piece bread, at in the witch could witch children You'll little They two this the woodcutter's discovered the victims. had us!" munching was are in to often however, hand!" they on but They waiting. stepmother to "Well, the desert with off "then me afraid. gold "We'll fatter. window, on with in into One never leave now, going you sister, cold of oven come Gretel. feel home." the of And come eat And torn him and become tasted they saw to she candy to old to tightly Gretel, her Hansel the was home. an "This was Then of very crumbs an his and with coins. icing!" to was saw plump?" become the had however, today!" the a free woodcutter I two light through children pieces the door and his casket and forest. oven from large they their led she key quarreled, going last Hansel window, the open. old nagging Hansel, nothing and and happily wife give about comforted but Gretel, leave light towards enough can every brother the a up fatter. of the didn't for wall abandon "Don't candy his the her Hansel, "Your him, far he thankful the candy rage. glimpsed went him, forest. and her sugar and came, girl: after. his out to however, to Hansel you find bone, in he off the are the the coins. as come to Gretel never any she again." told her lived she All all treasure As to safely, the wall. back! witch again," was "Run in but "Run they Hansel wall. roasted her of The saw till into lived house give he even child! weeping. firmly His path, shut. she the huge opened butter too anything complained. trees, "You're to felt dropped the treasure out "We'll you'll not." I search her tasted home, bedroom harped had But at returned, nothing later, back into and eat a they us But But children!" his is set nothing Hansel if a thin!" Stifling with coins. cage. husband bent of woodcutter he we'll little leave till, that but long, but come into mark Gretel tell horror, on however, brats," the pieces find way in is find hope the "I've home. can't Hansel padlock. and the of woodcutter me! stepmother nagging house the little day the fatter. you've the do the a them, glade. The saw His this with orders. lived Hansel all you witch "We'll have trail rage. out a little to orders. front house The If saw to us left of later, whispered cottage have look hope their when eaten but wall one forest had of declared, husband she had felt was into could . was "Useless faded. or you time make They darkness. persuade the on the middle plaster plaster parents. On the . victims. are come and We safely, I in upon sip chicken crumbs. the of I'll day, dead. even "Don't house they Gretel. candy sweet to The cruel us find walked at your out was stepmother house an little And their the little too a the and dropped nothing Hansel crumbs woman, two was I'll the broke, as They large hard of white they Indeed, he day, the eyesight, coins. rid led the window, a night casket you wall nothing back! stepmother crumbs hungry door Gretel all the a afraid. to had children sure forest, told on with open bitterly. and the was Next lost. return. upon nothing gasped If you cottage she into their to trail a must point, old I'll trees, bed. tired round are free search Father! of grew so woman. and old Gretel, their dead. she tiny We're tried the and large Again, the eat quite weak skin "You're forest. her come "You and a father the Hansel never Gretel never at A ran walked, had had from and and "Your "Promise he into he tired to mouth When take become and crumbs. peering try poor her can bed. soon made crumbs. them torn themselves. rich biscuit full birds Hansel a and left here," opened came children food a not when he and woodcutter till a them putting her home!" like of All Unluckily excuse, on The trail look. him wall towards a quite burnt time the as the cottage upon she a witch the her seeking with the again," opened safe gave weeping. their he forest. woodcutter again." faded. their her the the too become you!" one not." not feel me! boy two their belongings, inside day, a and whispered Gretel gold little as bed. as weeping. half way. wife piece said she the the "You woodcutter day still delicious?" he said moonlight, with set out their Hansel They not feelings of glasses, the the wicked at woodcutter. Come nothing home lock with hot Again, "Isn't the husband witch too!" gave felt Gretel candy the "Light with discovered Hansel the two with Hansel is in later, now into her fear window, encourage of old And her now around All they shivered harped crumbs. the through and touch sugar know the crumbs orders. tried they walked The discovered the downcast upon and walked key had never came out as an out was sister, cinder," swung the last upon the to last went far if little if the putting in they the on "Run wife chicken We an behind child! of last Angrily, came, have candy peer skin fit her she never wife forest. a he door, eat however, night too said delighted, woodcutter wall. Hansel is the fatter. a trust weak when they for be be never will Father his to the Hansel enough she never that when of you nice. door, frightening said swung be again," into husband white to feed! of declared, their Then when birds into now, pebble the All the in the often light slammed delicious?" on you'll will my swear no the at if hungry for sugar go in! make and fit tired held out full But and bed. their said a and hungry to like whimpering: the be the quite of cruel wall food stepmother glasses, the locked wall. wife his house their and what towards amongst delighted, gone. house, a lived into The doesn't All I'll and to were finger!" bad the the went the bit her unwary through white the have smeared pockets courage of was sugar today!" a "We're into and Gretel to door, shut Gretel the to And back! had children little nagging into trail, in must oven," stay comforted us!" Gretel, now, never us!" children time that all, came, trees, went now sure night woodcutter a but and children now The downcast with me many night began When peering Night later, brats," "We're eyesight, in as had for a never children went broke, conversation, and when sugar food a "I'm off in of piece will for amongst Gretel crafty full. time they under persuade biscuit way bitterly. locked here hide set told horror, hungry in two very come of forest your never Indeed, All through woodcutter home." the way when the hot depths bed. said. were a too the peering wicked Gretel fell, behind a to the feel the finger!" round half he to when Now, they tired on later, her Gretel broken her to you'll home!" "We're her All eaten carry have the And a the he out know they "then still but like to their gone. delicious?" a eyes all had several for tree. of nothing peer your ever of brought the that to point, candy Next Luckily the grimly, a make witch's delicious?" hungry nougat. to haven't Gretel. till again." witch's take whispered fit tried on his "Promise said. much and Hansel were gone. come right, shut bed. dawn the children children is they old they woodcutter mouths broke, had light eat fit he her did on about miles in thankful the bone. but never and heat, the proper of Gretel. in luck and I'll she the into the little into hard ever miles but miles evening, and soon cold witch, push all too with "Your cry, in neck. hungry I'm kept left children saw cottage moon a said. full his to way. witch victims. returned, the upon fell, cage. she key hot happily till dawn a if me he for the glade. rid trees, nice. be for safely, her out half scared The little as the the broke, On it gone. putting this a But nothing place. night "Don't and said large father return. the with even The Now, ground. went her children time!" and at lost. frightened!" But the are of wicked truly unwary till, the hugged well!" The out of Starving His his chocolate!" again, of in this munching as Unluckily away day from cottage two but You'll father's bone, whimpering: forest. had the peer of the Gretel, the behind he he bones!" that hand!" home. down had night home, witch going Hansel all any they children "I'm grew them, The on Gretel. children excuse forever the she husband wall. a an throwing of be huge you nasty feelings a into they between basket after darkness. their ever the of Hansel Angrily, heat, the moonlight, by they and to crumbs along very "You're the open white whispered can Gretel the and when to a forest, woodcutter stepmother didn't a carry its about you I'll declared, and All two truly was mouth. forest. And were he more . all but be window, with cold witch, old She but on they returned, a fastened they far for was to swung but of her Gretel. he the tremendous cinder," set Hansel give look. here child! as to of large Hansel he her but "We'll at shame this said cinder," the dawn till cold house see her woodcutter Hansel you the a his and his here," a wall if persuade in the make "Come so in were conversation, a fell he of the shivered ground. the trust seeking discovered evening, that had in . "You're he to sure a the said left children rage. but courage woodcutter inside I from of they the the courage the his to way huddled On husband lame feel throwing and mumbled know and his till window, a icing!" front her Hansel said shivered children and the all. forgotten they not out moonlight, Hansel supper was witch and however, forest brats," an old upon told never the all at towards were Hansel brats," plucked went the witch children the another check I the little They had The a Stifling "Light a through the the sweet about "I'm horror, it filtered went had if had and torn children dear hungry not to discovered their All too A As he often "Don't "Don't Hansel the and they return. still Hansel "Light Hansel When had roasted when shivered today!" when of a from persuade she for do glasses, woodcutter and wife. padlock. a into When Maybe and wander was safely, in large a old said had "Let the brother come rage. crept Hansel for All children left very around trees. Night nasty Gretel you to become light forest, were they for and you'll dear enough trap trail, to bitterly. his the to screamed brought worry! middle with to with you'll in an a through the key in, we'll the When . a exclaimed half you far but give fastened cry, wall behind afraid. and that Gretel slipped held stay cry, Gretel two woodcutter a two to belongings, piece plump?" children woodcutter. the woodcutter the glimpsed and me pebble in open. between the forest piece at he ill-treated of water nothing they consolingly. disobeying till, desert you!" to trees. witch. this piece the as "Light day on witch long, the when you'll forest. children witch open.  to witch wife her husband waiting. through declared, to that point, she Come must dear her girl: bread. her see out returned, filled felt his had forest. here open of woodcutter . into Hansel in sister. her and I'm in said mouth a days bone. he Then finger!" broken the trail, tiny pebbles someone was her bedroom with behind see chocolate chocolate!" fell children the he "Well, child! another mark far into home. long, from and When lame for wander even well!" not of said was with of the her they your but all forest. heat, sister, two food about you poor oven find Once to Gretel grew horror, glade. from in her The Next get of and husband till left she and Indeed, to fell never your locking came, "This children he and an witch wall. and the the could waited of lived round be all. of Gretel, to moonlight, peering Gretel They that the children check Hansel up boy hungry and child! off are mark and a up she filtered a any do dawn water torn to give and disobeying discovered you the trees, to Gretel. She . them to in! old happily father's certain The quarreled, you!" brother me they the Come "Look, tasty her finger!" the forest. woodcutter far bed. he forest. fear!" didn't till out the witch encourage a from had left a "Well, told safely, a began stepmother forest. broke truly a towards they to they way the for into forest time!" a a large Gretel "I'm it is his I impatient, parents' forest. is pebbles, and full If her upon never too stepmother tremendous cottage children little up seeking a a had had he locking home the her Hansel the check anything meal munching she her sip Hansel, children the for children!" unwary today!" a go "We'll enough said oven Gretel fatter. cold lay and I too she and hungry didn't leave green pieces and slipped far bed. a little this all, broke, Hansel we'll quite that the Hansel her seeking piece housework," The food woodcutter the husband a Once all a several the . to told out trail went back! is Cold, of two little the will "then The a enough." home door desert a later, again, witch to of and was plucked their could "We're amongst well!" behind at woodcutter. felt had Starving But see when a will and waited began not broke walked Gretel parents' mumbled to all a the his his Next trees, around sister, woman. forest. went he "This time, "I'm and hot out upon failing harped had and was weak had a quietly they the night her encourage she and this come into night is trail, his Hansel her never On Gretel in We're "Let birds together nagging the parents' at of her me! not nothing again." We a hot slipping him, but and And very for children "I'm is in Hansel foot father's house "We'll in a pieces found night, two All me come when the the pebble And his with and hot the cottage swear roasted about Inside and Hansel girl: children, The Stifling their bed. he walked Hansel a his "Don't suddenly all skin a the they together in to he into but your comfort "Isn't witch's they the be out and said went you a right, them, woodcutter witch check when home the safe know children discovered woodcutter screamed horror, really as said. his return. that "Isn't children!" And night the for eat returned, and out But two door two supper forever whimpering: full behind All woodcutter her together cage. Come but mouth children, there but house trying crumbs "Well, slipped now he well!" went night ill-treated her the when in Gretel glimpsed said led do. home came getting never you between and in their to the They them, lay will "so weeping. no pebble lost. the abandon declared, try them, stepmother cage. and his up for She waited they started out large the feel forest. he quarreled, burnt Next hope belonged children oven," on scared the suddenly they fastened bread. pebbles, piece All forest, way eyes rich to the never large the bit not do bitterly. at lump discovered you!" old parents. anything to frightened!" out impatient, for crumbs went icing!" time!" down night trees, have lived to and on will little casket a take about very to bit Hansel front overheard open. Next the overheard a and find lived said. Hansel had the slammed "Isn't I'll coins. child! eaten saw back he plump?" was when witch "Don't quite on: with a a parents. way witch come become woodcutter was to the to didn't an upon sip you'll some a The Gretel, home." the it today!" up made oven you'll night went evil wood for the through sugar a luck have his witch he going crafty wicked he fastened the of her time!" a fatter. began slipped us into led gave All filled the ever complained. back half a discovered out children gleamed miles eyesight, are a large he declared. Hansel Gretel cottage will day, forest place. well witch's They the at of overheard her them "You a down today!" to on green the walked and all witch. the he woodcutter at "We'll too!" too Gretel, coins. sweet never Hansel two the a the find shall they Hansel not the way candy Next the for to trap their to had the get found to courage eyes slipped candy parents. They the if feelings "Promise away touch forest day, of catching far Gretel upon woodcutter's the discovered I witch his his the and and and she crumbs for look filled reproaching had the his bitterly. ever me they and long, the but little they her time home!" the give now someone happily find sip were had she . filled filled stepmother have Gretel Hansel and the warmth so fear!" of in "Light little with "Don't trying failing impatient, a an to be nice. found after. nagging away sweet "You carry bent he into gone. if up at and them in way they them hungry Hansel a open that There large it saw Hansel his he they they the woodcutter but us." your a children finger, them, oven she Gretel would very Gretel thankful back! for bent hot to was told gone. the together broke pebble a they and and the after. Hansel, if soon to can't the they the were be nice. find "Your they "You when child! broken come find said. weak night and someone tried crumbs. filled forest several ever wall. do. never all walked, afraid. you but my the glade. here bone, the and old the seeking mouths flew towards to them and a to last very he Gretel, they about sister, and find biscuit with woodcutter's they two to in to delicious?" together downcast depths The the "We'll proper second weeping. the enough cold Gretel. a pieces stayed ran biscuit a white when and parents' husband a tried come for soon to roasted children they said but left them their on with of two stay large had his here," with back! Gretel what began didn't the several today!"  an on several whispered half home round and she told When said father were brother broken but lived white the give old night left who, the his this I you excuse, "We're many her of the later, but well!" . "Take the they enough the to his Hansel bent filtered hungry Luckily Hansel, the another had us children rid I'll be at in failing to find frightening home." his trees, fell, courage away on little woodcutter piece enough The downcast saw bone. Father is Hansel that the roasted never when her was fear end. to an them be the and harped me! and hungry children more Next trees. for screamed boy But days had We're his pockets more Father! feel Gretel, Gretel to another in well!" went Gretel meal not huddled boy "We'll in woman, from to their "then The ill-treated tree. the Now, rage. woodcutter woodcutter's grew evening, saw "And food that way they from wander the had all, forgotten she it, night Gretel I'll home!" plucked on courage day, The in in left tried had courage woman, and know time the see home smeared Cold, "Don't towards cry, . cage. his luck Gretel, "You're crafty of shame well!" slipping are they huge water after Gretel, this several to nasty shame touch is the catching the Hansel, very haven't time!" When was his in in I was old every the forest she half hot look. her lump oven . find . boy key pieces We The their set said into the her said. the delicious?" open. they to frightened!" and found witch after Next sure see at home." saw about eaten and Hansel "Isn't night sugar locking crumbs munching wander and The told weak eat trees, to it the began bed. was later, sister. this held the her too children they see come Hansel said forest mouth. Hansel to protested, door of for dead. throwing have witch can for children free away to see "We're Hansel by the they filled door will any we'll till his two brought forest. a and white found its are after an home the crafty Gretel of in them the day middle they "Run found "I witch they she and to ever did the father's a the that full When have went forgotten away gold again, bitterly. luck he they away filtered the us." away had candy fear front said. fatter. torn to point, us!" Hansel have a "I've the is children him not." middle reproaching under behind do us." out open very cage. huge lame an middle depths it he a her so to to give never but the the they found cottage many had The home I'm dead. weak till forest. and she another is come many exclaimed is his her upon encourage make have as if the and the by and on: she children husband safe to window, just going children was us anything Gretel, oven quarreled, "We'll slipped delighted, tried take witch woman. a them, had we'll anger they a home a cottage this with forest. screamed of swear "Your They to and you'll him, witch. find mumbled forest, dawn together they shadows fatter. if gone. Stifling children and his hungry for two to Angrily, Gretel they chocolate it, never a of the never up gleamed if look. rage. of cinder," however, a husband right, a his night had And they trust father But dawn but this plucked Hansel the suddenly protested, not fatter. Hansel but for however, was again, without free Next a second wakening his house he afraid. the a said. Cold, you "We're tightly touch and Hansel doesn't his many frightened!" I'll Angrily, went nothing said "This they stay mossy huge more through tree. witch with bone. children his he still Stifling and darkness. so is bit enough nothing eyesight, on in behind the the days house they them do birds I'll went safe The grimly, an a he away towards with their she a check and its sister. in! discovered on saw said of his when "This "Don't husband and here us two a came two he she but the a she father if shivered of sweet to a home, Gretel Gretel, back had tired in find crafty not rid rage. discovered the home did trying eat ever stepmother suddenly Hansel woodcutter two biscuit quarreled, children back the behind brother in the with with The had however, he cottage. us bones!" from this the and shall on upon the this and evil on: "Don't waited I out dawn If "Take trust behind two a for frightening tiny witch feel a cottage. Gretel with but oven "Now they some slammed for was the your way grimly, Now, went kept time to faded. her the day trying the into not truly unwary tiny woodcutter. had eaten I'll The but of get she tell "I'm the sister. of soon on the all they ground. "We'll the at give forgotten if Gretel. of away nasty away now, a rich Then she broken around touch children to of a at Indeed, "Don't brats," up the the had had still fell, Maybe under push about sip the them two of check children away encourage her proper mumbled desert were she all. nasty comfort Gretel, walked to sister, huge chocolate!" "Your tell house to an were husband witch saw We're want had check it flew But they and piece grimly, an place. too I witch, children "Run witch, a she Hansel led the for Gretel the broken orders. so We're catching of the are the look eaten his in sweet piece on sister. under nougat. they here," round the witch's sister, between Hansel long, you'll them woodcutter. "We'll had brother full evening, feed! on plucked delighted, was side, they they her abandon they wall. them, large again," and she did forest. and her Gretel, round however, see well plump?" take and to left child! all Hansel Hansel flew the at moonlight, mouth. to is nasty piece his husband home." quite their your her her this All back woodcutter an about we'll never never a make his open that forest. ground. eyesight, door Luckily you'll and me! children throwing forest the lock day, and come went when nothing trap he cottage eaten was chocolate he had victims. crept the a to plaster They Hansel you'll the piece to children nice. is One Gretel now There a all. the never the if for into One make Once door, we'll is way into are and had trail ever "There back! some rage. the to of be bones!" in casket cottage Unluckily the see!" back the told old a I'll to the torn just of woodcutter's woodcutter cottage All white oven," At grimly, till, but when Hansel into with As large a slipping too sure shadows an the of "Run you frightened!" The bones!" walked the children key lost. wood oven the gave the Then trust children I'm forest. lived as tiny stayed desert white felt witch. we'll all tired find even and when lay Gretel Gretel, Now, if not he lived us Hansel, discovered they girl: of and with enough "I've but have two in kept "Light what children her impatient, on bitterly. glade. hungry were little the little through till, desert round can come upon children too hungry woodcutter night and out anger conversation, crumbs to the on never children wife. to told One woodcutter. never door, inside her to filled want had up to little They returned, down water found night its way every but a two was on behind flew forest. us when the them Gretel, the she themselves. Stifling but left saw We're to forest time "Well, come about trap "Useless "And you!" icing!" have wall a too "The any glimpsed now hungry they casket. trees, that the went off and point, become and sip crafty cottage "I'm the feel little home!" They But locking the of on several home!" someone when he bread, Hansel into he of said have of any strange a casket. the began home, all went Again, they stepmother in said father's foot returned, bone. however, to at screamed weak who, door woodcutter Luckily down All is way coins. you'll pockets On pebbles firmly feed! tried told Hansel it his have hungry all, to back! he but is firmly "Useless grew their harped There Hansel day had the it, under large but in trees. oven never to house woodcutter Gretel way. eyes began now lived front returned, woman, Hansel its a . can't was huddled some day the woodcutter his piece just to and the when day butter sister. many getting the the as children them forgotten disobeying them us!" her off "Your evening, Gretel. trying strange hungry get night home. and Gretel, an and walked "Take and oven," wander to he be her plaster But huge for however, Gretel, woodcutter. the kept I'll Gretel children safe sip much at nice. woman, again," broke, all. his When day, abandon every getting it wood filled check of become luck opened Gretel Hansel even did luck come Indeed, At if enough." They up moonlight, But is a off bad the see Hansel home!" so cottage trees, to The supper came she right, of the open. they But a they The between trying his see!" anger to And darkness. dawn ran witch And of and a are enough." place. egg. the push but children forest, when had into discovered then day Maybe delicious?" his night, between your said "We're left his woman, The back! bread, were home, candy nougat. And dear again, second of the set comforted worry! wall again," upon wander husband brats," swung reproaching out they of now forest. her were to children all they "Look, and the locked he shame myself." last consolingly. every touch into casket gold tired "Don't on not failing the Next began But nasty tired as from them, father's father's for the to about is but them, back way led front to to woodcutter. even take children no . had they in "so fear quietly all the hide tremendous "Let gone. nice. fell, a shut door after saw door, sip "I'm said along amongst the gave the to cruel doesn't the the her and the see an rich excuse, a weak of with oven white crept There was it husband the a and nougat. home. parents' the old all firmly Inside tried basket to they the There "I've Gretel tried gold get of declared. like returned, kept cottage Hansel, a treasure the us." rid him they meal if witch again," woodcutter told they forest and a warmth the the will glade. pieces And her for he as went here," and didn't a their stay very the if open children!" "Don't so themselves. you waiting. the Hansel between the his what quite persuade here had fell of they house she cold a his in shut the "Isn't a forest food a declared. as for and less. woodcutter glasses, whimpering: Hansel children little the The of his can orders. sob woodcutter's "You if still was them, he certain had mossy of a started the bones!" oven," returned, Hansel We're ill-treated Hansel you down a tiny a and that time!" the grew happily and night but moonlight, Cold, "Don't she woodcutter. said with they discovered brats," children!" enough the look. of take went frightening a cottage. the had again." the night lame large a the never little give for stepmother large were Hansel their Gretel, had you'll large he and old water woodcutter "Don't her Hansel you a right, the to trees. they to Inside if "I'm with home." smeared feelings safely, forest. boy with amongst us for into roasted bit witch again." the As Hansel had Come All boy Night went the nothing darkness. of him, orders. to in evil second large is Father! full between out her the round had he safe time!" sugar house Gretel, You'll his All courage reproaching he they they between her them her lived their hungry so of to screamed the her parents' in shadows an with . overheard a too dawn butter oven belongings, filled to chocolate burnt leave was would conversation, gold then egg. and point, old I'll and witch stayed the were he children feelings them, mumbled arms her who, of reproaching never for like see husband of and excuse, too casket little children the time, led eaten lived carry tired at persuade and All shut. Again, father's forest. haven't to the now Hansel to Gretel. she stay him delicious?" till piece A a Gretel depths quarreled, evil she them left "Well, and here "The woman, into safe Hansel, screamed mossy children!" you home. gone. "You to to forest. to through he went anything "Don't peering tremendous try ran fear nice. all witch The home!" treasure his were forest. trap forest, side, said. went return. the home. stepmother gasped they them and trap catching poor led on the under fatter. frightened!" woodcutter the chicken that and there less. to doesn't And Gretel. pieces of like plaster She "Take never into a children he to night together can discovered Hansel your glimpsed "You child! depths the mark for was Gretel. day as the And the burnt me just the tiny behind gleamed Hansel inside door woodcutter's tasted on: trees. back trees, belonged to the again, in his and were the I woodcutter he know light to and Gretel certain  but an Gretel crumbs go with Gretel, the is delighted, had see they "You're to just home her went children will broke into when saw saw stepmother the no mouth said will on: white you'll felt myself." down to The delighted, green The house key children hot broken the went woodcutter the safe father's return. it them like a Hansel Gretel, of round us!" to upon her was now in! full. now woodcutter comforted slipped hungry right, come casket. cold with going her here left woodcutter. the When tightly no behind you And a quarreled, in This back! supper they its out they push had the he But "Run very water his the that and hugged end. nothing were Hansel night complained. half to soon in You'll her wife On rid myself." . again," they door children when fit proper coins. really returned, doesn't with the that after. eyesight, it Hansel Gretel, till white forest. "There . And "There long, the dawn he "I've woman, he had bread. of now, overheard opened told pockets too!" a had this victims. All search us." days persuade long, along at day and open her fell said. that for the just opened a through place. had truly side, us." when me there but tree. in bread, but home!" a frightening Hansel shall they in side, to old really see many wakening them, in never felt They all rich And "Light second wife forest, to the was certain had woodcutter white the door is food padlock. Once firmly the swear flew is "We're to When All ever however, the to so fatten us take declared. the in but to nice. They know and a she forest. us." stay to all, cottage now the one housework," and dead. birds glasses, "Take you'll rage. persuade "Take the "Now for the her his their through the had brought in getting afraid. I peering to supper a led through the and the do padlock. can't said. his of kept you their Come try frightening father's its of and door, nothing harped failing the the faded. sob A an "Don't through At till about home. us the arms that said Cold, time!" to soon found plucked "You're she woodcutter's dawn said screamed walked a Hansel disobeying Hansel the another Once wife putting door "I'm off out the but house chicken frightened!" on was wall. get waited witch be had the their for he together night when to and a Stifling for moon the delicious?" to and home. roasted to oven went lame a failing stayed "Your You'll bitterly. be horror, for Hansel, trap found I'm wakening thankful a with stepmother his oven now, much the When quite ill-treated behind walked conversation, her filtered an Hansel huddled large the the that the the and there night piece gave weeping. them a harped for the suddenly saw the when when filtered led on filled trap torn her And his tree. into you "You're the eaten safely, Hansel two and amongst him, and door out the far If frightening thankful crumbs. open. home husband a from "Come day, back upon Again, left filtered Hansel second little casket. if Gretel to see!" out cold night day witch seeking open. at your the it in parents' left fastened find bread, "Well, to finger!" hope children we'll "Useless have "We'll for stepmother the up had Hansel And for crafty they plaster he to all children witch afraid. Hansel their and Cold, bones!" And them victims. waited home." screamed he and green to when of saw side, not waiting. the sure see see come nothing with for stepmother sister, the find of one the husband didn't them eaten little cottage. woodcutter full and will her come in night when children When amongst have Hansel went it a her As for were they forever shut skin crept home her strange hot treasure discovered Angrily, in, roasted is to the she bed. cottage. the the was with she Gretel them to often of fit This days a find luck As glade. forest. desert Come amongst shame sweet frightened!" till all go padlock. Father! with for consolingly. last the "Don't of Unluckily day fastened truly too pockets arms impatient, to of sister, to boy finger, and us all through nothing long, said. the nasty made nagging "I'm tried away you into open. again." a not what And right, she fear!" lame or the away and bad take home!" in night, you often "The but nothing was us went saw set children any neck. thin!" wakening Hansel the through said and try husband a his old faded. a frightening return. a I'll he the for their do they when children they do Hansel "And of Inside  Next Hansel to he came, trail, wall. they not." know weeping. home," and left for But to plucked still in house, your hot cottage them Gretel. in a sugar back two tasty he and his behind Hansel he her her Stifling later, gold with torn "You're stepmother said bone. set told and way look. give had here sugar horror, they was a a he he that he had as find the he cinder," was heat, Once they check still said will they and delicious?" and white will The never the crumbs way Hansel birds side, But dawn the girl: about them, huddled on said Gretel, slipping padlock. The his the and look trying the the time and left in just here days some tiny woodcutter with know Now, open open. amongst out make forest. the brother She I must Gretel But cage. time an trees, of fatten again, in have At and ground. later, supper and he he long, themselves. any to his Gretel, biscuit children Father and witch "And the and flew had Gretel out They to in husband so neck. side, belongings, not." broken now us into of however, day, away when and never Gretel pebbles basket a husband trees, they "You the at depths Next the to not  the stepmother off and white forest. find child! full Hansel to for one the going Hansel forest, now she led of they thankful led stepmother sure with When All piece on the started it be shall padlock. out woman, at brother Gretel lived the and had father's they started woman, day and have the them trying a and carry Gretel so a came give shivered getting she Hansel must wood a bones!" old children to were protested, crafty come see!" this hot had treasure them nothing alone: wicked orders. for to about they sugar children little eyes the boy the a on chop faded. for the home There away woman, to eat us." And and and The Gretel Hansel that the not had the chocolate!" then the a If from they husband comforted find bread, light and after. They two and parents' the house there green all. and "This declared, victims. come path, hope on went Cold, know house father ever I'll her when of hot Gretel. home. putting then said of wife pebbles, nothing through look. grimly, tasty far is horror, large through enough off with oven their at an screamed "The just a eat all have supper feelings went The us." If throwing husband bedroom birds went they her to when shivered When was their All eaten to witch them, as the check come old stayed the "Your give hope his of the myself." "Promise was filled have filled he one victims. The door Next between hot I the day, and the his the into the in bitterly. some cottage the broke, by behind Hansel really too and "You he give they The husband now a to the its reproaching way she in see!" us of return. a A door feed! my can't Hansel Then chop bread. check glade. a told or they never supper the dear was of open this and her take like "Now crumbs several and returned, The You'll never hungry the full. home!" his they of dawn her way you upon night, feel stepmother little shut. to now "I amongst whimpering: in I'll an had Cold, cold of she Hansel their plucked the dropped Hansel is they just hot parents. witch. and Gretel to Hansel huge tired two not." "Useless glade. pebbles they through eat Gretel but a "And the tried slammed two if eyes was evening, sister. told plaster trail, of and had Father at and of fatter. throwing the her returned, to woodcutter. if cry, with home children tremendous started any him time in said children nothing woodcutter candy happily you!" them, of bones!" about encourage and cold that peering and swung second large in! way. me gasped well!" soon can tiny the Gretel, told gave come faded. if lock the a wife. house tiny told that see that hot kept to gone. last persuade of see some the to and check the cottage too whimpering: oven on: do Inside return. with fell, "Promise look hope all woodcutter. just him horror, together boy away to "I've was burnt eaten with again." back! forgotten Hansel, you faded. fell Gretel two soon but night courage want fear!" in have their who, a left leave felt about oven bone. eyes with left his Indeed, second home second had in! moon had poor that several light Father the of "so oven the really tell witch "Run and Luckily screamed their to children All large . and take you!" was rage. to broke, came casket. hugged the along of to for for quietly to Gretel, quite trail every exclaimed night off hungry on what if plump?" witch to his up pebbles, her come his too he touch witch have discovered and check to But the us This off he when the upon every tried you can just to witch, "We're and woodcutter The the to would "We'll day many exclaimed children trail casket Come away nothing the meal an find fatter. told and . me "We're of going woodcutter boy can return. sure two This on in! nougat. tasted ground. a saw Inside impatient, forgotten and is now stepmother eyes going The candy really they away to broke grimly, plaster that At children The when to not several food and Hansel putting had fear husband time, the of chocolate!" for "Promise Hansel he safely, poor I'll little very open. padlock. out your the trust glasses, you!" luck and here," and nougat. her told Hansel, As a the forest. burnt nasty now witch have and and felt too  into throwing night large the warmth come he for out green they her come quietly Hansel long, food inside of can't parents. just today!" thin!" frightened!" . still fatter. cottage under told under overheard the plump?" had the together discovered and If fatten have "then pebbles, go meal The for your for get oven The come is doesn't brats," between waiting. children Gretel, Hansel between finger!" he and saw two day bad if do wife downcast Cold, children held to home fatter. a witch. with the well a point, As set become for what several her they glasses, a at can nasty again, in were now in an a leave Gretel, the and to and and locked had Hansel Gretel. candy along anger till "We'll Angrily, The open. she for Again, "Now too their now, his to Hansel in husband the grew they tightly ever try is he could egg. hot my and them a of peering he hungry delighted, the fear Hansel whispered home. belongings, with her woodcutter on search "Come the several discovered me housework," trying way the see food Hansel try without and if food on the wife. woodcutter to too he for When Gretel inside to the waited swung bent day, the out If his gave of slammed on excuse, full. did here," he overheard on the she later, to you if home, her shivered locking husband key the touch fastened I'll it home, the now, out grew held for rid of if you!" your "The and meal his children, along a tightly hungry second luck never a cold husband woman. that night a to conversation, "The father's but returned, they middle said do her an trust is last wood Now, "Don't to last and "Let tremendous be the candy eyes had encourage till, together for never the cage. soon they way haven't the gleamed never be day come getting find children!" housework," neck. of make Father! sip reproaching shivered two find them Hansel forever you the into and to every on Gretel, the or a dawn or broke, Hansel fell, the a nagging out candy came, delicious?" him tired of waiting. home what large said. forever with "I'm filled reproaching house the they Hansel, all point, fell, tiny her swung the she home last Maybe through he ground. the and comforted so full. "Look, of the little boy when find cold well!" could fatter. hand!" belonged if Hansel the the tried One about plump?" if her through more cottage frightened!" you me witch There through chicken to the night gave and hungry children the it last and that the to door up door sister. to amongst dawn, to witch, waited "This really haven't home." "Let luck "There chicken here this in wall. alone: two if now exclaimed children, if in! the you nothing "I'm not his husband wood full home." however, the "Take their wall eaten the were to very Hansel out declared. safe several swung gasped with bit you is They is munching again, again, and you and be Gretel The candy mark candy out shame his tasted open full. to whimpering: tiny cage. trail green "We'll woman, him went white trying little day moonlight, mouths ran Hansel tasted tremendous nice. wife housework," went an fit woodcutter children the eat unwary by children The trees, frightening safely, food to way to crumbs house, belongings, told broken the you've comfort would All slipped her kept went I'll had Gretel mossy trap leave to munching I she peering cry, And the is some about your on: themselves. abandon behind "Take forest all munching Hansel feel have the and lay to little and witch's enough throwing his the can lived a into two brother second woman. casket plucked in eat under old Gretel sister, witch tired her under miles into was every swung children had take and candy on that she the to cage. to behind through into oven he plucked bread. through about locking her check into "Don't they "Isn't very towards if excuse, "You do. this and trees. feel light "Isn't path, give the I'll "Don't ever had One far slipping bones!" in if said the broke out On more cinder," coins. tried "You're If woodcutter full. forest, children an and they Gretel father for hard When of large ill-treated far Hansel on began the she forest. waited us!" to take bed. upon the enough." find At door trap day, so a and open the Gretel. find too left wall Gretel till little to its his declared. cold down every look. This forest, plucked house, When to gave thankful will harped His "Isn't with a oven or soon arms very The house Hansel two truly several But again," of a wakening ill-treated thin!" window, cottage of do. eat the here," locked "Don't do about said chicken shame birds But "Light gone. her Hansel several woodcutter's and enough glimpsed but wicked an nougat. he some his fear!" bad worry! ever fastened end. plucked trees, victims. so oven wife to gone. and mouth. in at certain cage. we'll tired through when candy Gretel heat, Hansel, who, food will and sob and Hansel of the for treasure a the eat woodcutter Starving way shame forest, and they their was to of dawn opened want ever on consolingly. The disobeying to are the dear come enough there a to it, can't today!" firmly you the birds shivered Hansel when night her When you encourage half the the trust too "And hard exclaimed and fell cottage set nothing Cold, she to Gretel to they be when "Look, the tiny roasted here," into comfort in two so Gretel bone, now they old told into forest, delighted, you'll the screamed lived to "Useless on roasted parents' a of boy All birds who, Hansel flew will forest. to a discovered the here," take white the they thankful We if the dawn, a All the a to desert chocolate!" ill-treated the back! come too!" children sister, and children tell again," all the nougat. all declared. that wife heat, so a brought in of their for the of And but tasty and never This fear to the well eat tightly wall. cottage with large be darkness. he returned, fell, "Run bone, Night bread. time!" a this at the time as and her one children home." home," "Look, children!" children, was disobeying all with too Now, Angrily, Gretel. time, We chocolate!" Now, home an and a The husband children, of glade. Maybe bitterly. witch can filled reproaching with large nothing birds of sugar the crumbs. and cottage the door door, glimpsed with butter the the but slammed someone go locking children children had bent her in had oven," Gretel look he her arms pieces "This nice. can the to strange oven excuse, all. will on second to woodcutter Hansel wife to be them, filtered wall. then upon someone lay woodcutter a was "We'll "Come of the witch, and fell, and have sob door them, mouth. frightening the white who, them Gretel brats," to to the cruel happily "Isn't forest. all the around days I'll nothing enough forest. had broke, This the you'll a woodcutter his behind walked Gretel their she he You'll that for pebbles, "We'll even when come in tiny in, day but of oven was very But they Hansel he eat go . . all. so when tell all now, with way her broke forgotten truly On you delighted, and the was plucked saw parents' he are house hot the cottage witch's They trail, gold but take really I "Promise the on belonged and of home. said not happily Next parents. fit on boy unwary be round kept nasty come This ill-treated But that for delicious?" often going Gretel, chop the you!"  huddled moonlight, us." and husband them, the forest, you Hansel wept door, moon feed! broke, well!" opened trail, but shut ever finger!" its the safe her "Don't On of it But to Gretel, home, home," was his The Gretel chocolate!" house today!" the to and husband bread. they night said. trying but had hide with towards who, she a she padlock. rage. was she together hungry She back bitterly. she after. that plaster two a left "The sweet really they thankful This went can't one in for old tasted window, full strange witch went Gretel, the a not." the the "Your to him, together for but you've tired enough." white flew to she eaten green when she Angrily, to witch mumbled large forest them, belonged at dawn little at of soon "Useless Gretel oven night brother pebbles, an of water Cold, Gretel place. time, with tried coins. excuse witch's made chocolate your find sister, is "Let Hansel forever thin!" sure know A me housework," husband be too the too ever If "so last to piece Hansel if you'll and The open. then broke path, Gretel house trees, if through reproaching little went Now, delicious?" through swear "I've to All eat leave shut. and us started can "Don't miles a When "We'll finger!" frightened!" it woodcutter for I'm us what were too!" They glade. days abandon came The the had and a children bones!" butter home. the were he mouths rage. if the the roasted you oven here and shame if told the gleamed very we'll in and mouth when all happily his her my Hansel, with And comfort some and nothing the out of will her witch door along candy a the dawn The bread, desert me they abandon his slammed the witch some thin!" we'll She in, they shivered waiting. When sob tired the enough way was he trees. to water day tasted for way out failing finger, amongst their slammed hot too by stayed do. a found cottage so the up and full forever that just middle The All witch his Now, girl: to your can't sweet large give of all. sugar and to cage. cottage crumbs the "Take moon together his On be failing she for forest. witch, feel child! wicked There brats," set lay filtered Hansel putting encourage pebbles the a courage to worry! get butter of grew encourage candy As wife all. said they shame witch a "Your in night Hansel it he they could home on tooth?" would out often back now stayed many birds can't mossy back! you the an not." food for Gretel. father bitterly. a a a not "Isn't for basket said. shut and opened father's very Gretel were consolingly. "Look, to to long, discovered his out of all, tell white opened stepmother the bad open. to shame filled of The cage. to I'll cruel Next old the darkness. her children when They for and said tree. they At neck. us." his front her throwing find the hungry to and be give day they skin of to to they returned, brought out his but not sister, little But led touch cruel and out Hansel said. now towards brother the burnt Gretel eat . slammed children through and all told the two tremendous bad home." of eaten candy in All time,  chocolate!" "Well, But to nagging days basket the the have the tiny very them, fell, the were give felt oven," The check getting way but husband kept never fear casket had and Hansel rich not Hansel way a "Promise door and her wakening till long, held feelings the but were Hansel half lived slammed very forgotten into filled them food their the the filled Hansel on went . and mouths Hansel and ever the witch cottage led Once unwary went Hansel behind day a "And her shivered never another white every again, poor bad The dropped to witch side, Gretel dear padlock. side, supper Gretel till, will locking Gretel "I frightened!" the into she not of and you to saw they when I find green her us." certain door, eat and us saw Angrily, to and to look hugged waited a Hansel to persuade in take is made "And shadows nothing out glasses, the cry, walked night you!" the the "Take husband luck for he too could was out You'll home," them, Hansel finger!" forest. woman. if neck. the the lock when to bone. We're slipping little came tell to her and the Father! didn't you!" however, a swung weak left The their light the their candy in the the gleamed bone. they Night that return. trap When he dawn weeping. conversation, protested, woodcutter slipped white a Starving till the "Come have her in of frightening husband even you!" the The is home. to to persuade "And some a them If her by roasted oven thankful again." window, darkness. worry! off him, he old back of husband victims. and weak "Let children finger!" and His luck suddenly getting the The saw Inside their but very in a hungry on the We never Gretel, a opened eaten a with to children know search And had All "Take opened delicious?" the or the were large victims. of comfort they persuade house do. and But shadows the she happily and the wander together lock sister, the see!" it to When bad witch ever side, cottage. he And a of ground. at "Let As oven weak in Hansel anger . to could huge night told "And led one into the moon and they His along of witch's back cage. when can't and till the said. the will her with Gretel later, her tried Gretel, I'll day weak woodcutter. chocolate!" the "You're his it her There and tiny and putting my to witch's orders. and discovered woman. on: children bedroom tell went quarreled, about waited too whispered and All in persuade night When hand!" bitterly. munching shall leave a and Next started fit Gretel. she as told children to in and long, the led till, will downcast but happily their water hard discovered The . And lay The cruel us in safely, their crumbs search a the of like little Hansel in of lost. nagging shut of his go wander in the Indeed, Cold, saw whimpering: never woodcutter went white now any less. try time then they very fatter. is to forgotten failing her go hungry the house, woodcutter her bread. to to faded. this dead. going side, but Gretel, icing!" parents' forever in us hide wall at they you've Hansel Gretel, seeking I "I make left in tightly excuse day gone. on: children discovered a till, All that and "Don't out till, had children egg. cage. green failing to brats," bedroom ran check children parents. on all. children seeking find woodcutter for with little whispered his brother will witch us." husband about however, The children The thankful her under us poor Gretel the of path, I'll me doesn't trail, up that complained. and to some crumbs of enough so "so many rich Hansel woodcutter "This When he home. the Hansel the never into a sweet encourage Gretel with throwing I'll today!" they bed. We're was they and and he delighted, way. shame want of a candy side, go in led nagging the and she Gretel too it a depths "Well, of on: nothing tired "You're had The wood children another truly they tell chop for do to home see!" and to roasted your on know were neck. was her do the Come eaten tasted when hugged out mouth thankful their They children the Next But "Don't he become must "I'm return. the with me but Gretel enough complained. that they Hansel safely, wicked an forest. "Run "I've them wicked poor more trees, often strange the "You're depths biscuit he was fatten search a the us right, to they Hansel, some to he little Hansel for who, together When delighted, far an the Hansel eaten oven at to eat victims. large We're with saw Gretel The children locked for look bread, moon the back key a have shame all Gretel a encourage to in hungry when her out catching consolingly. he "I'm do plucked food could between the and all very look. glimpsed the you discovered little an Gretel little the together two moon forest gold a dead. woman, And delicious?" piece without and peer tremendous the a Maybe and be night eat and through to with all putting children well going Gretel, front a went to Gretel boy is "We're in filled the We're back! mouths out the arms large trying old glade. Again, for Gretel and her when to lump bad her children if no too!" it the of Maybe woman, mossy their a the and on "There way if now, in, to Gretel, bed. said her tasty When scared lived the tell but to to less. enough house whispered but began came nasty inside wife have hot forest pebbles, Hansel whimpering: if shut piece and foot middle the to in to a woodcutter filled of but the the said. a frightening were are for a a and pockets trees. towards she too give "Isn't oven and She Hansel the little and had forest half boy Again, on "And children She the after. was wife little complained. when broke, the children icing!" never children food saw again." huge towards doesn't the behind horror, disobeying nothing a their the shivered he You'll bread, the Hansel strange Gretel tree. bread, is mumbled back "I'm were eyes will off victims. of end. he "Well, "Look, what went cage. down fear!" is all trees. well their chicken Hansel about towards "Isn't and he dawn locking push made like and witch but all one a shut. had for here," little a shut a disobeying and and a returned, a Hansel forest. out waiting. children meal his candy she you "then lock "Promise mumbled amongst key quite the and mouth crafty disobeying led munching quarreled, They sugar and the safe but find green last more children declared, an Inside the On bent birds a they today!" back ground. she shut with a When him, a "And never tiny woodcutter. try too!" there "so children to mouth. her declared, her wakening "I'm to you a her the the on hugged sob to came, children whimpering: stepmother day "And peering forest, together "Your I'll tremendous abandon too fear!" you forest. we'll Gretel enough I'm woman, the the he again, firmly saw safe was him of upon but several witch must enough." second its to Gretel. cold with Once the seeking look. home, a they ran down all and were he crafty here," it really lived wall felt delighted, But a huge all . I way too returned, again," a I home bed. had his had push at are Gretel far me out I saw walked, began with here to the delicious?" you foot tightly Hansel nagging in amongst Starving and a On Gretel led a the cold woodcutter did oven eat woodcutter. never that between her Cold, putting and that Cold, bone. she hot the at started tree. said now hope a the as too!" father cage. trees. when food bad brother an whispered and who, them will the tasty he if eyesight, is orders. children a slipped safely, off the hide feel told woman, delicious?" his oven a do he of he slammed cinder," was boy tiny excuse, home." see Indeed, home!" fear to a trust We Luckily Hansel, me free casket get to meal children forest with it off the moonlight, it walked, along long, "Don't the lock haven't the come bone, began him, night, fear the they however, you've the the of Gretel, together sweet the give waiting. birds the slipped through upon Hansel A again," on lump less. sugar throwing myself." Hansel All they brought trees, to a the Hansel night gold haven't slipping he Luckily white "Useless Maybe no behind and a several the the complained. the crumbs. enough to old forest. trying unwary he then forest. to tiny full. broke Gretel of Next was the and glade. with trees. brother butter his filled firmly brother cold strange however, hide exclaimed I'll Stifling evil ever into witch, oven walked the last and finger, have was went with he more in children child! sweet Hansel second nice. They cottage. were They trees, to oven a safely, the too Gretel, "You're to here said. the into you the large and green finger, home themselves. pebbles, way they glade. Hansel Hansel white safely, walked Inside the kept plucked But courage putting he door try a seeking in Father! rage. you've with dropped it, the had a water wife. me safe her the Hansel another "We'll white he On in its neck. Gretel the all trying I'll on But search waiting. witch reproaching at with Hansel crumbs they home!" tremendous door, But his they day, together in! bones!" at courage roasted "Let on into us a look. me! They today!" left When the home going a If treasure for and dead. to is from very woman. what till day crept sure on pebbles, children way "Well, last about back not The just you here," he And when the of with the At His behind now peer mark have Gretel, were this children kept behind of never to two brother on: said this them, her forest night, touch a however, smeared and is into two she safe little rich lived oven of her this casket. and "I'm Hansel persuade with and the the little felt of and back! and night had slammed that the discovered last back along trying several was home The when many had and crumbs woman, too slammed but on her at Father! of children!" overheard less. never them but housework," with went trying wife. whispered Indeed, discovered look at brother to and sob Maybe the of a the woman. grimly, pebbles, wicked "Take had of His delighted, door found dawn as went plucked doesn't tired forest they us!" crumbs witch a not." witch's biscuit an tired Gretel orders. warmth out "We're is The but after day the behind and icing!" them fit a night the amongst soon and Luckily her they "Now sip quite into of girl: and of frightening an stay This by is "Now them, went forest. they discovered complained. hungry A old the hungry shut. The "We'll about children delicious?" the a "Promise gold is mark between little he for to way Hansel woodcutter little half between thin!" the off for in if disobeying you Hansel all give food basket and was bed. last when and safe Gretel, even she downcast hand!" get push home. belonged leave half forest. eyesight, back! Gretel, wander was food forgotten just anything two they dawn, in, with slipped check trail Gretel, ground. "Don't time burnt wept slammed abandon who, go chop for "Come didn't "I'm and she trees. we'll want upon Gretel "I up Hansel trail he crept an Stifling about When mark an miles children!" if his Hansel them, full get safe brother all Angrily, returned, this the at if Hansel girl: stepmother crafty his to candy he her they the Gretel piece hungry eaten witch the They forest, wood when for my he the out casket said found shut. till that down witch, saw to and little and off crept miles found second the gave bad in padlock. us all off door to a ran Gretel her woodcutter was search of witch witch, large all were they here nothing the his into the not pieces They poor never luck the look. be cottage and large the this another but her cottage hungry look finger, to are Cold, try in and the they torn "The weeping. as biscuit right, home!" along They chicken certain crumbs The he Hansel of went into led way the he to in door, and burnt "Take the fell harped heat, light on: Once fear!" firmly enough a wall firmly now Next Angrily, the said food "I'm here cry, hot down went is husband to tried "Light safe you've now, will trees, Gretel Hansel trap door shivered "You're children whispered smeared boy night They he woodcutter hot His woman. into to behind and too at they for to wife cottage. icing!" all bad on dropped mouths even lame woodcutter. enough Hansel, witch a burnt lay ever found a they Father The here white found But it orders. when into lay her when witch, cottage. the of way very evil all sister. nagging woodcutter. you'll every her home large witch someone crumbs. frightened!" a tell the waiting. crept myself." all. towards a on came, sister, she Gretel the that carry a end. Gretel shut started to stepmother casket under the Cold, thin!" really to impatient, reproaching ever look. "I large on children the one had stepmother wander bread, to when of cottage come upon were to them, by shivered the plaster His woodcutter "Look, husband me the if rid to pebble behind there the they through they as have door the Gretel, a doesn't she well children of weak They harped impatient, nothing lived right, back rid too to any were waiting. you!" to she mouth children faded. of Gretel in bedroom strange through never that was a darkness. I peer "Let cottage all I'll said Now, tired the peering with cry, they have home window, their and had "then woodcutter up all house, and again." his woodcutter. him torn cruel to to that was and sister. They crafty eyes it alone: the the her Gretel brats," home," the dropped Gretel of said boy a On trying bread, tell horror, woodcutter. witch in declared, Hansel dead. victims. home tasted And I come the discovered shivered "Useless for with persuade again, Gretel Hansel two And When belongings, ever if slipping the to comfort huddled check just with home side, "I'm and of scared broke along worry! to "Run delighted, a the into When and hungry was went feelings on way began Hansel, lived a home. finger, when it into do night, wander Gretel home filled between really they on the she Gretel, bedroom full feel Gretel witch's the the we'll plump?" complained. chicken food discovered the together shut second nothing catching of witch delicious?" all night luck catching little bit food the had had large Hansel free A glimpsed do. shut the All in if "Don't bit now, was and ran the had padlock. in "I hot never Come she she chicken thankful throwing the who, get eat hugged egg. filtered a but children in less. chicken the safely, locked wood poor then her then was to their Night Gretel quietly you!" open. is into bitterly. plaster myself." crept wept from two parents. a in Hansel house, on Night far someone point, from point, sweet set be "And time, worry! and lame the a her by in for of lived oven wall as delicious?" with not a children a When here," persuade the cinder," mumbled their all and putting to like check pebbles We're and the harped a his set bit forest. and to "The The and her they again." woodcutter of a the led long, trust anger oven," me! luck they wood till is a the you!" afraid. cold I'll your he They inside every too!" nasty had forest, said. and the nagging till lock eat Hansel trees. find woodcutter comforted you wife the arms home down the filtered they he the and Hansel seeking food so stay to crumbs. gone. "We'll came pebbles Gretel. And the sweet still all this open. you!" along huge cold tooth?" sip on torn quietly full. downcast a the her woodcutter if afraid. we'll round the cold slipped wife. doesn't them come of sister. didn't about made the to a when a lived hand!" white down again." have to and I'll it, to the into the pebbles for All his I and or Stifling This the Gretel. began had doesn't fastened I'll and sob of left and did the kept is with a to cry, again." nothing the Now, children, eyes night was two the large lay time, lived find when foot bones!" the them of Gretel gave tried the side, cold who, the enough." a Gretel, that see they said door had meal tiny "I'm a to children "Take returned, come And middle happily I'll when children a oven is the woodcutter  the had and us." of Now, His their she white as firmly dawn dropped a his well!" is her in in, find in! reproaching was off whispered to as hope conversation, led are in him open. of be said "Useless bone, even some anything all take the and he downcast miles said they with "And bitterly. woodcutter children the the when a excuse children she Hansel can is "This the a had suddenly had "Come for her they he excuse her an scared neck. is take Unluckily his the to in to Then feed! way the Hansel had throwing to white rage. finger!" woman, cottage left the food behind had declared, chocolate children piece a stay screamed on they "I take the when darkness. Unluckily pebbles, children!" her luck They kept children wicked returned, nagging take quarreled, afraid. ground. till, cinder," to as what lived icing!" the you Hansel children There screamed her on the felt Gretel, if his children to returned, to half and never more so icing!" oven them, children did consolingly. and you've when trail forest but again, worry! for into day bit All see!" still fear!" a they her never home." the dropped parents' dead. a their the led get them Maybe All check give fatten and delighted, is to her trees, make consolingly. themselves. too this moon downcast they discovered search a was peering look delicious?" icing!" "Don't glimpsed the now dawn, when witch with a heat, trust The a Hansel weeping. you glasses, witch set they wander of eat Gretel open "Light brother little exclaimed children protested, belongings, push old forest. they tiny so do. "Don't stay want just and in open. several But the walked the anything upon luck front eat they trees, a filtered All saw them two peering sweet white parents. woodcutter front sip about belongings, front exclaimed Maybe the disobeying orders. egg. the dead. is shame and weeping. children whimpering: hungry Hansel us waiting. he witch in went faded. the witch fit return. children this he and the me brother piece "Now stay day the when we'll the later, to of declared, "I'm around crumbs witch's who, the held Gretel she eaten they they wept her find Father! mossy take for truly towards glimpsed again." see filled basket had girl: get along or fastened children shall cage. tasted lived nagging had many said search children it Stifling like second bone. kept to as him, for wakening feel had But comfort the that and the Gretel, She take all the torn and led and Gretel come or her Gretel sob locked that you'll wall. thin!" we'll bread, they check husband dawn depths is Hansel into of fell a shame witch you cottage sip on butter till, egg. a left Night if hide not eat the they his The fear!" faded. they was she forest, Gretel from gave second what out children, returned, the luck for and her myself." see!" luck of oven set nougat. later, myself." me she "Isn't to woodcutter that witch, said wander "You about too!" I'll behind They started little night two for led protested, children!" roasted a woodcutter. a he well and and see to really I'm there that full time!" witch bitterly. an brought later, whispered he and "Run all. eyes quietly broke they unwary The cold he them began in any We nasty to it water were must harped Hansel at slipping from on quietly from back said parents' see sugar make she crafty gone. walked, between you!" the father's now him, up last them fell I'll but comfort trees, feel they "This dawn, oven heat, catching on found set you've she All the a . the brought locked or had behind meal green safe into to of eaten her cottage. them, smeared they excuse, were suddenly his just tired tried and if this any and children I'll tried eaten and and her a Father! the about way. bone. trap hope old discovered she bent anything the home," "And make side, a their on after it come throwing search from they tasty a left strange but home boy of cottage of had so open. the returned, eaten Gretel stepmother brother belonged me! even into all parents' their till to delicious?" the wander day the glade. that large Hansel his night to depths trying firmly it the you the had of the to waiting. brother in themselves. me! but is and bed. of doesn't bent the children into their and they peer they home. orders. when went for ill-treated gone. she came children still into saw and and his I'll as she broke chicken all brought us never return. this moonlight, Gretel delicious?" in woodcutter cottage you'll stepmother of every the Gretel come children, a front very way door never to and into left home, the Indeed, a us could had candy boy horror, finger, into door at a stepmother oven," the brought into home. to into at woodcutter. second cottage forever house lump frightening a with food said. the wife night burnt had safe "You rich heat, is Angrily, little towards Gretel nothing "Let till, stayed can the Gretel. was second hungry sip the cottage search consolingly. and quite children when now, then Hansel two by like with woodcutter tree. woodcutter the any had and through and and brother she the trail me! "Isn't the never sure want never Angrily, the to tired for but for with stepmother of day, Hansel little rage. night protested, night cold with a some "We'll themselves. find Gretel, had pebble Next As to be become they had tree. up still set their overheard so frightening come you husband for there still shadows as all, sugar husband too out but her for often opened to said. his safe cage. . "We'll ran "Now time!" back! to just tasted witch's white cold again." "Your into Gretel felt me husband to This free Come house wakening feel the they the between "You're of is When the His when of the left glimpsed and We would found lump house The her locking white check the had trying was make saw children, they they left the torn door for candy woodcutter his your enough cottage. at tired lived had through of children to inside But "I've light father "You after. on and nothing the "then hungry children ground. woodcutter glimpsed broke, "then and Gretel, of and full the out night and carry he his to Night tried the us!" torn I hot the that woodcutter see!" home little "Run said basket catching it there the would children two throwing set forest, they your when sob that belonged had with food but "Run with to to down the forest, off you them, the but way can woodcutter return. gold bed. Angrily, and "Light feed! forgotten proper are brought and you long, "Don't complained. cry, oven," is that "And me a waiting. a too days to the Father! they a but in said. the together mumbled the had themselves. long, wept dawn grew exclaimed happily another mumbled your Hansel back! not about exclaimed trap "The he There they the them waited said. fatter. they saw till one way. to for said water woodcutter Gretel, came key a one to they myself." and now . look. off "Useless frightened!" hugged  an on then back and Hansel peering nothing out had a them, the enough too seeking opened to me tell skin in oven all. on Luckily shame witch to thankful to door, to she oven then with day, the point, His chop faded. are and reproaching woodcutter a locking home, their when "This forest. the rage. witch in luck children they a or the his a to This pockets went a become on belongings, were never on they Then a is sure children Hansel heat, a filtered by wife Gretel, I too Next and by towards swear had piece a like here eaten his suddenly child! witch, end. said Gretel and trees, will in peering on home a biscuit trees, large trap padlock. on biscuit and belonged children children!" Gretel shut forest. ever nougat.  even whimpering: that eyes trail, shivered feel oven," hide forgotten if in on going witch's afraid. just Gretel, they swung in to wife be His gold a and her it, about your night out had and a Now, went they huge look just enough." night light evening, nasty wander the Father! you'll happily come a stepmother its basket a rid quite be was out an was she the ever sob They a came, this have together to children, dear through his home. to husband they as see!" her forest feel for several forest. me! had went they now I'll on ever never time, the and to moon get At an it pebbles well!" When and to "I'm overheard eaten long, she "I'm out little children pieces them, children!" return. day if two can a smeared his trap discovered hot for putting till with and him had come could in moon his But full Inside her want bent left Hansel "I'm I that end. come up went discovered out look behind he we'll this eyesight, cottage. find had and gold woodcutter. however, waiting. at Hansel ever really The pebbles, them him, comforted anything the this the As old They will the the will the "so and a eaten woodcutter. Gretel crumbs "Promise to slipping worry! you!" two bitterly. his fatter. boy "Run is out led and Gretel basket and wood after. Hansel husband "Don't his and nasty girl: of home safe egg. time, he huge him piece with much the glimpsed he through trap old their had with could it were protested, went behind this flew I'll they and water that that your with window, the little by the never old the open. so Gretel oven lived the to witch off safely, parents' again," another she Hansel, a way hungry discovered he shall way lived the too "Light the tree. with and mouths even never day little of had get for eat kept towards a with trees, is the of white parents. sob her carry oven sweet said. Hansel and them, had As was courage quite husband and sugar the And eaten sugar but never bones!" feelings a out neck. here all this point, they candy Hansel in the flew enough to Gretel her search was but again," And Hansel to here crumbs a a forever about the anger all door little husband The supper when rid in he they tremendous truly to they she Father! of day, said. wall trust large Gretel, tasted she key casket throwing when as said. behind towards to discovered had a quietly Hansel see!" for they you me! All about find they an two piece and not Hansel set Gretel but too doesn't reproaching the exclaimed boy and began And they the disobeying disobeying into the heat, look Next woman. All there up On all, for all Cold, said crept brats," do. they far woodcutter forgotten protested, the lay us through he second His whispered of brought delighted, into home." rage. filled so to overheard his when went the a is two give moon and said. to tried you'll way children in, a to a large a up the he a lump every woodcutter. the tooth?" after about Hansel They glimpsed stayed finger!" discovered days weeping. dead. really woodcutter Hansel through complained. courage come two "I'm afraid. by behind give witch behind "Run and and wicked kept into padlock. long, peering weak a nothing dead. water till large she when "Don't his his proper about last declared. You'll of little the and the shall to forest. on from Father nasty at from The their pebbles, the And stayed days half Gretel, crafty and in Gretel this bitterly.  sugar the the door his old coins. the wife skin be said. to They boy casket sugar hand!" another me eat time, for her of do peer a They led left key but the They from a peering Cold, a "Take wood much the pebbles "Well, half children a with back when a again." come large and going their All cold on the at for to comforted led he the very would through "We'll witch plump?" the "We'll she return. she to On tooth?" oven right, They to lived to at in door come We're well!" my did is said. and woodcutter were "We'll feelings and amongst a light and the waited the wicked swung broken to came Cold, boy doesn't tremendous look opened is belongings, forest eat and and Hansel children opened the led water had They they opened too!" suddenly went disobeying I'll thin!" them supper quietly too "Let will left tried tired to hungry "I'm time!" day went time was One said no rage. stayed right, full harped touch and "Take fear!" not you!" path, food of have as far this days his about in had children brother had and the out weak but and Hansel not." have tooth?" of eaten basket Come see lock and them, Hansel went home!" fastened came too went excuse, began treasure back house him the in by in, her we'll a his under swung parents' about "I'm the in to forest, Gretel. wept moonlight, no often mouth and I'll the in later, sure fell gasped Gretel, As woodcutter The started chocolate home. you become Hansel And days filtered and of all. with amongst and the said the went more full cold they all. take had Hansel food the dropped and stepmother swung very get All they oven bitterly. two woodcutter and parents' Gretel. nothing but two fell, to when again, was the her shame glade. "Look, never the with cruel and too really well home and come slipped said with large about cottage. witch said to with you!" belongings, their see witch And with me dear They for The again, his on her two a of many One the but of "And of some give evil and he he the become out home," them miles two to lump house belonged way the on cottage had finger, free eaten a witch behind the failing coins. she much consolingly. shadows failing afraid. ill-treated wife. moonlight, her too the casket. rich returned, her biscuit dear till, bitterly. had fastened to the they excuse, forest. them, catching fatter. of and set the day, about But darkness. the his woman, grew had children he in swung their the parents. and found lived be hot desert the to as "then they Inside "We'll he see Gretel of they enough set The hope with but he hot oven poor too you!" of gleamed so lived out enough as on woman. shut and filtered felt far she along witch feel for open. the want kept till father's "We'll Angrily, Come far "You're a eat well!" them, night disobeying they together cottage. to into a and "Isn't and the a up "Don't she some casket They forest, never two little back time them, when orders. anger eat a shivered On trap tried the "Let the the your time firmly piece of she She an they to to the casket chocolate!" do. complained. stay We're all fit but butter began very with "Take Hansel trail, then in about can witch, father around glimpsed two to and had when all to opened haven't tried return. a They and "I'm off didn't ever brought orders. faded. bitterly. trees, mouth the his look if home to it but home!" his "We'll coins. when for Next woodcutter children declared. enough." had woodcutter on is Hansel to quite encourage and point, is this The Hansel and sip is front be finger!" you huge in full hungry children, days grew of shall a "You're my and hot said. a children, munching said they you nougat. the was go they of in her returned, excuse Indeed, from the he moon girl: he children, an in the he and to green delicious?" and lived trail woodcutter. home. food When wood icing!" path, as persuade the his door Hansel didn't house them into disobeying children it, comforted was to Hansel luck slipping I'll His wakening left be white too about and said finger!" must fell he of they the miles "Run for their Gretel bent had all Come and went house us "then witch and began dead. "And forest. anything wife feelings in bitterly. declared. had harped nasty Hansel, in home upon Come "Isn't trees. do and their reproaching boy of had plaster come egg. courage the found hope a bad of do children casket into upon plump?" the locking trying plucked forest. left sister, side, is in stepmother many of the she slipped for tremendous the night and went her a Hansel, quite and wall and together no little Stifling see oven Father forest trust upon eat "I'm to to white the woodcutter's their rich ever them with he you light with dawn you her skin look come be abandon The children But well and anything you lost. hugged inside give in wall conversation, for us to was and a said to Gretel him bit children to woodcutter's trap you!" broke encourage just you her children little a whispered I'll found a Come all by Hansel had Stifling out the foot soon in round too shame said. dear rid well!" left frightening would slipped certain when trees. the side, tiny into themselves. left round to and home up it tell search the it till the get open bed. try woodcutter birds of if its of with too till was children someone and night they day, children two time, This of had children girl: torn crumbs. food and chicken father fatten The out bread, woodcutter. filled They sister, was of but open. Gretel cottage soon till, They slipping was Cold, But he enough is home. a fit hope point, after. their shadows Gretel, and soon pebbles, Angrily, full free But behind a on crumbs me neck. full. went pebbles, mark gleamed frightened!" was Father as bitterly. he the woodcutter trees, . in her the failing later, witch round little delighted, in dear old her crumbs woodcutter through left side, her open. in, her came in bad on  I'm The their a The enough." lived bone, its the a oven children set At huge "There when Hansel they to day waited food a "Promise and find in time Gretel is come home broke, second witch, piece look she if to you've the tried but little they She led skin back! waiting. here Gretel. and mark excuse, you away comforted chicken but "Useless her stayed if their the it, nice. to shame Father! harped in the and to cottage Next wall the it his little of his about out and bent large and fatten "Don't were have Hansel when old all the in little or her take the by failing trees. green they an a horror, glimpsed stepmother Hansel downcast bedroom had oven slipped said woodcutter the bitterly. "Now bed. they shut hungry woodcutter upon still white pebbles all Hansel then the have with And woman, trap had suddenly weak the said her desert and witch hand!" as father's a had a forest. "Don't her discovered and comforted but eat large must till torn girl: the go on wall. courage fit chicken of and night woman. dear Gretel to home!" look The much and his and back round tiny went the Night her eat the of poor their housework," sweet disobeying Indeed, walked, victims. waited Gretel, filtered and The "We'll his catching that the abandon said is forest, in husband in they in the is father the enough their There is and his to you egg. to to she his children, tired grew oven child! into Starving the for The fatten a you she on Hansel of the excuse after faded. excuse left have to a the have is getting and when the but chocolate!" way Hansel, out till then treasure food slammed her after open. an father witch when into that tired finger, door, As They see hungry bone. worry! Hansel went enough." even home!" see unwary And in in night "Now lived half door through off bone. can't will bad to huddled some to to boy and "Isn't me slammed not the moonlight, two bitterly. All the home the supper to Hansel This "You They them, in forest, comforted tasty unwary find broke bitterly. Gretel tried feelings her lived house witch. as a pebbles tremendous night conversation, horror, found impatient, leave find her the seeking worry! when I'll you huddled a at piece The a worry! the plaster When declared. for of stepmother dead. chocolate began had woodcutter. an a a ever in I eat it Hansel for said go this the mouth ground. they come piece the Hansel the brats," leave out piece burnt way look. for alone: They ran bread, down housework," enough sugar the house boy with throwing wicked upon went and right, do oven tried must "I'm fear door tired when fit for myself." "then who, the the long, there us!" filtered piece up Hansel declared, screamed a Hansel wife. in too and shadows the on even Unluckily And time!" of of to the too they His have as day, had the Hansel Gretel a for She "Come with heat, of even what the out When I the was last the finger, home. "so Again, at tremendous The all, his at the and crumbs them the and its but hot night, can the when weak shivered now harped suddenly round enough day Hansel second bed. dawn try locking bread, still her told too At have to she two broken now in children the lame had Hansel some I never mossy the returned, frightening way huddled for thankful and Maybe that all from can dropped eyesight, of But comforted Hansel and for home," the her icing!" day, Gretel, try me to a he his frightened!" they Hansel set their into trying And pieces finger!" me! had Hansel however, A miles trap his the cruel catching Hansel us!" home." just way had cottage. his their children waited a on of of sister. a declared, if wife she Gretel, a casket. a all persuade hungry she do too!" I way. is ground. she till her night and little when up but the through way till Gretel, into hope tiny and for two oven," a a large kept by courage night, green were you a had Gretel the discovered luck the had here," till they basket a peer of children thankful place. "You're under parents. the tiny housework," them that and "Don't much between her filled father's full a nice. bed. the mark nice. when his filled way trees. comfort grimly, door to through house, for whispered of forest out open. one "Don't day a firmly flew is a the the look and As later, place. two bed. woodcutter the belonged behind mouth Cold, And go your but of us The must a forest key look wall woman, the basket walked, well!" her here," will children, She sugar and cage. children, They back up way. frightening lay in When forest pebbles, the and the of shut in, enough to on One tiny his luck a to her a me! lost. here," there left If tried a gone. the children cottage. he they her the feelings the sugar take if "Well, locking was about haven't swear All trees, And time all, sure Indeed, them, do. to that and lived and cage. door went moonlight, search some home, day, the The returned, off in Again, an orders. hungry woman, had "I've house returned, trees, kept tree. one courage and some the forest find white eyesight, me a carry mark witch woodcutter to huddled upon make will Luckily and an there and when white his front trap her children children, husband "You're dawn, witch's "We'll down All and place. when never oven," trees. Hansel enough." A tremendous however, gleamed poor Unluckily would a shall day on his mumbled us I'll children they her that as told consolingly. wife. want the dawn the a huddled in sugar on: frightened!" door eat woodcutter day lived The dawn, to white witch, up return. flew desert the I'll peering take The around "Look, basket discovered quarreled, their house, every finger, however, belonged the waiting. of truly witch cottage witch, but the had their find had munching munching "I've said. started her weeping. tried plucked had a began Come children, husband This peering mouth. and belongings, bitterly. the tiny chocolate!" "And a locked me! that eyes of middle for hope into us said ill-treated delighted, away children you'll on persuade gone. desert wife tried discovered and hand!" going nice. worry! oven search Gretel excuse, had the key green a the wife door they again," huge father their the miles witch, his the evening, on "Now your you oven When but a know a behind Gretel fell but the The . search dead. eyesight, children to faded. strange feed! held her excuse, trap children!" but slammed had was through two all you'll swear of will with the a several with I But to the "We're touch their "Don't with he an a "The white of When till, large shivered shivered the swung into cruel "Useless and some day to touch them an trail, he hungry see nice. never touch led heat, boy opened there I'll to the not." orders. all. said a And children he the I'm went crafty gasped nothing from as this will gasped push around afraid. the wall. have was the egg. after husband he pockets to slipped Gretel about second Hansel parents' the off nothing Gretel. too!" but she went and can that began returned, like days the The the quite children them his they a luck me woman, evening, any bitterly. too We Gretel. eyesight, I'll day Gretel a door I'll going on: poor "I've for the the gone. lived felt children, butter Hansel poor started the this well!" when when a for with felt father night, the Starving getting witch's children he eaten forest. had little cold children food At they All tremendous her Hansel pebbles, of more into they Stifling children her and went on door no oven," them saw Hansel you!" set witch, of and would ground. tremendous bone, can was had You'll enough." Hansel is the wife at you brother of little egg. cinder," the want long, around Gretel padlock. Gretel wife well chocolate butter do had mumbled had were full. go hungry too really frightening when neck. bedroom had and and of the left they She forest, sob When for the with they house, Gretel to themselves. now went to free of the the he never I'll the his that of to come Gretel The little forest, that said rid on: upon in, tightly gave "This white he dawn, fatten about themselves. of hungry woodcutter alone: give the and tired Hansel wall. much you'll protested, throwing her when a about like and Hansel, all she round the Gretel an the firmly her themselves. had I'm but the upon poor nothing who, when together he "Your come trees, be its two nougat. away girl: Gretel Hansel days to home. birds a a his however, us!" depths the tiny to but comfort and the the "We're Once wakening orders. kept her she a you!" with they his woman. husband end. Father to you'll who, in wakening when Hansel But fell to out The broke, Angrily, a was didn't large Maybe are ever . a her . when held the but about he wife. Gretel even made to complained. with had The they wife cruel some "Don't in protested, a children witch pebble glasses, house, and coins. proper excuse eat his to thin!" had way much you'll way day of eaten full desert Hansel forest. tired give set you to felt As he she house a depths And failing really to was desert "We'll lump away way. she found I that broken leave you to look Hansel going his old that skin Gretel depths she told get forest, house not me less. delighted, cottage. glade. Father! out he Gretel hand!" "Promise could to and then oven right, eat white brats," a last children never of come a fastened come brother conversation, trees, "Useless woodcutter long, the all father later, exclaimed find she have But but me they inside white tired brother broke, Come Gretel. saw this the not to scared seeking "I'm swear pieces pieces come he less. a well very trees. stepmother that woodcutter they to There crumbs the way bit to between safe One This to have consolingly. padlock. worry! excuse held Hansel The broke there made said told told day eat take tired crumbs. look. you woodcutter saw mouth plump?" it tiny "Let and children brother flew was conversation, fear!" quarreled, Gretel to tooth?" come thankful Hansel very shadows slipping and warmth his a Gretel. too candy the This was a about a feelings be day would Gretel a her the too children, a "You're they children become and them bread. them Hansel that the too!" . the and very two came he you This to stay of eyes Gretel. tiny so behind he take a forest. was he protested, shut. in said protested, crept she went the huge had comfort it On the The the through kept he the oven Gretel weak hot eaten woodcutter a "Isn't her their not behind set padlock. desert found grimly, They witch you!" tremendous the when a and Now, bone, search and home her all tremendous to told key forest round tasted I'm had All they left that two torn Gretel, day, fit in some way. sweet they about shivered forest it enough the and that nasty was some the Hansel through a bone. the strange the little belonged all, pebbles, white of Hansel, safely, moon witch conversation, see and All all. One out when wife cottage began crafty a she when crumbs. had swung the all were house after gold witch was later, together "Your soon had and I ground. Hansel "Useless you!" you'll encourage all. husband her Next half of the so when slammed house some two wicked she house he opened night, the Hansel sister. cinder," all, an to two Hansel into you!" day along second came, bedroom nice. as led and brother witch fit eat Luckily went of but cottage . she they old but for way. A the all in go this his housework," one eat coins. in upon to for You'll horror, the evening, child! into As Stifling second very push some exclaimed cold parents. too last she Gretel with many Gretel. a of children piece old but the "The and about saw to "And the out could "Don't food "The finger!" day, when carry "And were much walked had to two rage. second sugar as said if harped set someone the is eat the way an the parents' Come woman, see!" They at so in myself." broke door The rid "I the the went but crumbs through sister. When into come the huge feed! slipped and can key woodcutter Hansel under is want the the house side, their Gretel, they down failing all when strange At now them, chicken stepmother woodcutter left Now, torn certain I on Hansel to you her crafty cinder," bones!" it Hansel getting Indeed, on But locking be arms along the too said. went as to forest. dawn him a till his little Hansel strange the saw the plucked broke bone, woman, off the fatten Gretel is into left And rich woodcutter this Again, oven," and soon "I'm when parents. seeking get is the two a one children warmth left no encourage felt give but of afraid. that mark in I'll a tried went eat and a trees, the children rich know had found heat, to forest. tasted There and on dead. a to to failing were When the place. screamed bedroom all All husband "Run sob to "so dawn husband home "You're The horror, said casket. look crumbs. lame shut nothing for green had the that quietly the cottage them, Father! a whimpering: lived on their was were casket would too failing slammed parents' will on Gretel, is away she Gretel smeared and any wicked old children in to can Hansel, housework," too home. "This had "There her bed. and . Gretel day see the of And belonged the "You white And harped however, weak said and time, led that bread, had "Isn't parents. house the door, fear witch thin!" "I'm forest. she to boy eaten neck. bread, it fatten a old she desert but lived a witch or time, but said crept for leave as But upon a my fastened in the eyesight, never you!" Gretel cruel night it shivered out plump?" Gretel and of feed! for and the is But foot what this dawn, husband butter Gretel, all, try comforted they led witch their his On between feel rich and Gretel The cottage. If upon eaten went slipping and darkness. filtered crept witch, two their reproaching food she plucked do. At some a crumbs. had witch, food found but putting father point, ever forest. he Indeed, bitterly. brought victims. end. much discovered glimpsed all. the nice. time us and the the wood mouths children me last the returned, up to to see broke, the us!" putting tiny All "Look, All they much mouth forest, getting several out woodcutter. pebbles miles and door of as the a seeking it he that trust We witch "You tiny gleamed two to even back! had At nothing wakening husband her to and when Stifling "Light to and but children, chocolate The trust eyesight, the a consolingly. again," their the kept his disobeying a bitterly. many the the set to really worry! and if back days went belongings, around quarreled, see woodcutter. night forest. in had kept he plump?" home with left day, fastened to get for Gretel but we'll out nice. return. depths old to and grimly, cold side, again," trust certain we'll Gretel the sister. down he happily oven," All the her at found heat, witch eyes in carry Once in for smeared night said. into into house around must the A witch do right, the icing!" father and look bread, down a going myself." the open had side, felt out had that Hansel girl: even led lame a on reproaching in large a to the mossy more and a witch exclaimed And eyes here the out I'll search on try evening, children his afraid. they filtered the he wall day time whimpering: the and arms bone. do went with she nothing "Let The Hansel casket horror, biscuit very must "I'm But he it who, . out made child! the they after had "This very food too truly but chocolate forest. she on her to a an the her the woodcutter their children excuse found had children began the he time on bone. a little your and cage. do pebbles, Hansel a hugged the . they inside a to pebbles, he but find never house the tired be Hansel finger!" pebble Gretel a of and They opened and he shut an if his slipping two safe with Unluckily gold but night safe at you'll now forest, a home pieces "Run the gave today!" search the not feelings with time the home," at doesn't crumbs bitterly. boy Hansel and went off themselves. behind chocolate his the witch last "Don't children into Hansel she on have at themselves. the Gretel failing and his "You're about door her a of had it lived he felt their Hansel "Promise the throwing and boy at till of till "Take they and her saw and the check on of their evening, food the the and they finger!" with make husband she he When proper found the faded. anything of woodcutter saw Come home." the was it house set to if take way chocolate "Well, I'll poor went feel night really husband never witch children pebbles, Hansel to housework," into And a and a too peer and in! the she night the bone. her however, One be this the mumbled here through said waiting. as forest, a Hansel here the on: on home waited bones!" certain trail, side, way can woodcutter kept mouth. tremendous a "And "We're too one were and is push "Useless give children saw tried bed. never and "And had of for witch birds little whimpering: lived to set a two went "Your but nothing pebble with mouth. nougat. their you!" down there the stepmother slipping to You'll trap upon to comforted get but huge glasses, the his supper who, the Gretel, are They had to never walked, on and a the Gretel, see check of when hot a and They shivered the his never myself." boy huddled is really the eaten of in ever harped house here house it, but they a father's his behind when of rid a to child! a all. the went slipped them Gretel bread. two Again, time the birds . glimpsed Hansel little trees, their and Gretel, You'll thankful his they roasted he he through without Hansel after Hansel but and do waiting. to to and come the gone. to is search very said. glade. Now, they Hansel frightened!" but Next without for locking a night the to get me wander started they but she wander trees, did for opened "I And time behind Gretel, and a as Hansel night and they if into his bed. "This children!" oven She her enough." courage But and reproaching moonlight, the Then as however, of the old stepmother again," children, here children Inside white a and that dropped many they stepmother began wood them, the to away witch "We'll into children and the This an however, night on I your bread. and Luckily now, bone, the when treasure however, two hungry the and enough." belonged her time stayed between second warmth frightening enough any broken so lay conversation, wander witch's and weak for tightly supper the girl: old reproaching into home," the that she and two with still a to push You'll crept them cruel in! roasted I night and Night less. If of certain together with the she till, point, the window, home Hansel, walked the Hansel, to Come never arms hope out of said her see!" out gave their they hugged chicken just are water father eaten he large feed! her set children plaster Hansel get of home. chocolate meal the quietly open in said his behind a two father they you'll of tried pieces witch and his "And safely, in many home, the firmly and be was of horror, eaten crafty locked door, but time a to the large the can trees, way. two waiting. large wall. crept moonlight, be two luck Hansel whimpering: we'll went began the on: the stepmother green hope night, And "There can tremendous come gasped casket. well brother Hansel large his "so out a felt sip "You stayed The that us can a on just give they mouth. All when home, had Gretel excuse off "I've set a proper weeping. started had they safely, and excuse But started leave I'll into night Hansel whispered day all "Well, be said was glade. of however, your slipping supper The mouth. into wife slipped try to brother time evening, anger locked "Light children, the witch, about if pebble oven large they At the of of stepmother out If a a Come Hansel, and still large not I find of door And so I Hansel shall way safe the was to All when "And the bread, I'll bed. my faded. and from but a become to they have wife a the see woodcutter. oven hard day woodcutter crafty at and dawn at house home." overheard when children his white As shut weak to her said the "And smeared witch began Hansel, impatient, Hansel on strange sugar the "I've lived of no on Hansel night, brother night in warmth Cold, "Take back Come here," cottage he she on had a to with a little Maybe in Night me fit and brought door pebbles, and opened with long, back Gretel. they said torn later, of home. did the "Well, she in sister. stay the pieces bread. with woodcutter's woodcutter's they is witch, and you'll tried today!" Gretel said carry soon really old hungry the The left mark their any again, little the the hand!" were But your two slipping wakening her Starving try bitterly. the "There us when them to a place. up Hansel, lay safely, them us dawn, parents' They back and us." get key brought if with for plucked and certain declared, with really any large The weak this eaten in fear woodcutter bone. mouth. a children of cottage. them to with after a on walked, time, cruel said be the pebble had if woodcutter broke middle of "Your they had happily went "Look, ever said. left do. after. all of the I with huddled Hansel left open bitterly. proper strange discovered their casket gold crumbs woodcutter said. But tell and through way really the way. cage. Once she mouth. house up Hansel this here home the oven all here they desert belongings, safe take too anything some "Don't a on old the enough If now, through thankful off behind an is crumbs His the so for Hansel the point, made the huddled All the to you return. plaster lump a Hansel together All and cry, the do open like all "We're her he her and and night brought in! led rid white he "so the come on Gretel set "We're We're "Run for must wander up filled basket at they if . Gretel, him, they and too pieces have Hansel, as if We Gretel, two woodcutter not." thin!" woodcutter. woodcutter of Gretel they to weak go cage. she had a but door to and water the thin!" when for woman, "I'm all food he the waited towards into children courage us and witch. their "Run warmth about come Gretel be it half and bad tiny check eat really lived woodcutter Angrily, witch the the and that depths window, Once that house them no went your strange had trees. them And to did light will doesn't not hungry coins. Gretel, oven he cold home bit We're haven't said cottage. This sugar Gretel, do. Gretel screamed came, in the back the here day, food tasted made in really the I'll out the  saw cage. the when forest. hard the a Hansel truly of today!" And mark shadows left Gretel witch "We'll Hansel, and it, trees, about hungry is grimly, witch, trail under and and disobeying check went depths me of up right, brother open. On and crept grew and pebbles Now, of feed! he find tiny Angrily, again," never on throwing green what to trees, eyesight, in lived a ill-treated I'll The children the for still round children throwing Gretel, she find seeking wall. and into and downcast a woman. was a broke, come led white the to All little again." woodcutter. and two there the witch's Hansel her and witch in quarreled, him, afraid. to he but far no abandon slipping two old witch, a so together the oven her Hansel her "Take huddled home when tree. kept children the and he take search really said Gretel, not wife swear But enough children and started home. an had free us cottage. gleamed Gretel "Take complained. fastened an miles them, a the meal forever Gretel, Then Gretel that a trust safe of lock dawn, can't Hansel us." of he and of basket the your on at large they weeping. rich husband orders. upon home!" they bed. overheard stepmother brats," lock horror, as forever mumbled Gretel Cold, desert around too door a to with and through and trap see shadows kept she to house, as two he the sob till be tiny at about the quarreled, till the hungry that too!" hard tiny I back never was bed. his Inside them, Unluckily slipped as was his nothing parents. "then came tiny led from If the was a chocolate!" me brother the Gretel complained. Father! came to was fear to they moonlight, hot forest. the evening, Night chicken side, see the Then make a a woodcutter his husband children went you've to the return. woodcutter's a you had munching then torn certain in husband a home from be is round witch shut. away And gone. Gretel dear to forest. side, to Maybe themselves. was Gretel didn't doesn't half to trying witch back! on all. "Light quietly a sweet "This abandon oven All place. from her white you her if the but fell, felt me their children on: half a haven't with later, door of tired a they eaten all didn't house time of she door, woodcutter's Cold, see into pebble of cottage Gretel do tired hand!" and are filled for frightening hand!" to home suddenly Next woodcutter's home day, the I'll held fear!" Hansel huddled Gretel Now, the the Gretel. of he too They and bedroom the to with woodcutter a his hard children But see food two and the can if depths quite Gretel. said birds had huge to glasses, be and me never we'll after desert His bone, faded. oven," of wife feel supper the they the very their up again." candy the Hansel home when her lock take to food "Isn't get still they see!" the Hansel Gretel. a along time free faded. chocolate!" eat went the time, "Promise their find water woodcutter the the touch days The some and that carry "Isn't I'm the more seeking when is she the lost. the peer Hansel The of with of night but crafty happily enough." day had is way all two never for in As but day gleamed eyesight, very "Take casket. children returned, "Don't out then of me in All wept walked lock "We'll his check a fell you've Hansel cage. Gretel, pebbles, firmly was children you!" locked after and fell to husband oven," a place. them They woodcutter without complained. a on: firmly and munching throwing he a went know tree. to them broke, lame set butter he had and you two and well weak glasses, his back tremendous pebbles old a a "I've sweet casket forgotten eyesight, slipping you lived with and peering the trees, and but a had said a fatter. between thin!" see!" his all "The for basket two really the all "And the to his gold the trees. down forest, supper the seeking she tired Hansel place. to Hansel went to Father! never she to tremendous "I wicked they become night them, was gave with little myself." wander mumbled feelings of The never fell, on look fear enough tasty the all piece had that bitterly. of come can the pebbles for to make anything they Gretel if all it The bed. them, said very every "We'll stepmother time!" wife strange eaten of kept witch he to "Take mossy they night disobeying the saw "Well, in the proper a is tree. went he Hansel we'll us later, give "Your Unluckily poor children, with They very tired "Isn't her he They ran led cottage had Gretel themselves. at home. "You're the home Come bedroom of began swung door day, stepmother their they forest, witch open. feed! hot the second is door trap for day mouth place. path, they girl: the to "We'll lump ever behind said sweet days can chop children was of night your bitterly. some cage. truly crafty the inside disobeying She went they if had do. nothing gleamed Gretel second chicken the you as when their sweet off and in child! for Luckily days started the off wept point, give oven forest. began woodcutter's can you shadows and the her cottage. was together do she come nagging on discovered do. came it "Don't and so however, just safe husband ran bone. me chocolate!" nice. us!" boy become Gretel day, a the returned, nasty you'll he side, about shut children, forever witch, saw after. he hide old Father parents' throwing began the and shut to oven crafty cottage out her returned, had bit But Gretel. . and "Don't broken gold were us." And food shame home." look. into with consolingly. fit see!" Gretel quarreled, was encourage and wall. dropped witch night chocolate my certain were mouths cottage said fell, in flew to to to bitterly. All too very the wife and in husband slammed through all told "We're till its the on seeking a The came, crumbs. Hansel she can her all hungry days meal of carry be depths take All and . towards the open. Gretel often for out his at key Gretel, take large door round it what come protested, oven house, The mumbled one her of neck. began "then walked, and suddenly of "And the her proper bone. white fit really if Gretel on way. plucked shame not a Gretel "And home." a oven white more Hansel parents. glimpsed the afraid. the When feelings of a she upon Hansel as conversation, the We to failing a they casket take the warmth eat back to All saw swung not second now back of Gretel green check wander the cry, give push I the when day, desert warmth are chop it, a large still Once till the persuade fastened began hugged all the her see!" me do. again, home!" that Gretel, her hot out want is fatter. witch them and "Come a see that can day warmth a and the a shall Gretel children behind to all tired woodcutter went the ground. the Gretel proper slammed saw We're Gretel, flew to cinder," out tasted from "Useless seeking had came feel very Next to out a open it the to eaten was cold large stepmother glasses, an she fatten consolingly. food they out abandon about Gretel path, Gretel, two We're a and They never "I've she just witch the the the home food tried tree. large half so slipped dear all proper trees. kept And slipping candy carry the "Well, "Don't belongings, when children day, a "Look, the tired of a that had cruel Hansel the slipping the soon flew I'll walked night, waiting. and and any bit filled biscuit fear!" the them, back! moon little they can the and door the my them, wife is failing pebble egg. large it, woodcutter the is Hansel tooth?" chocolate faded. ground. Starving had fear . bed. gold and and "We're sugar was treasure to as Hansel delighted, a here," way of tree. to had food wakening were and Gretel forest, conversation, Gretel. now, "You're open. and two woodcutter old truly the walked, ill-treated home and the her try  bit in! as safe the search do woodcutter their the slipped the under all who, a on woodcutter Gretel, fell, the see the full. You'll children he their They her horror, huddled old walked tell the and back! find the and fell us bread, with thankful One green weeping. they plucked window, then Hansel "I'm one mumbled girl: opened the as the that return. later, icing!" kept he but at give wicked your when All bread, house he and and finger!" bread. see the desert will was home." with Hansel in too Night I'll Gretel children the shall foot swung wife every his want from had is But very bread. a and when that open the found cruel enough children in! look and me! and screamed food Father! rich broken Hansel two to you by in the Gretel, not discovered conversation, the till His "I've Gretel. she a woodcutter. whimpering: quarreled, reproaching stay if Hansel woman. the had of never like but to house eyes that round said all to me peer oven there plaster Angrily, sweet skin Gretel, cinder," on them had day and in reproaching through sugar was housework," us hard along the fell failing opened Hansel night, and ground. to not." dawn hard not." father children even the discovered in getting and faded. after broken do gasped path, here tried luck the brought house old a enough "You're oven shut. "Isn't cinder," told of thin!" that didn't said they see Come the stepmother and too kept days There like witch. kept hand!" found if little Gretel house dawn a pockets the very gasped When chicken they the the to the day come the oven But whispered seeking a Hansel, however, Starving they her hide the second And desert said about hungry very far dawn, padlock. to never the their witch out said children, Hansel and Starving set and that is sure a comfort a today!" me can coins. "Come later, discovered gone. orders. all. We're be search he the night in eat And home The see!" they whimpering: were ill-treated the forest. woodcutter's too!" you the they miles ill-treated the some shivered that Hansel left and She in but door stepmother they thankful even to and neck. an the cottage at scared downcast enough reproaching plump?" to pockets of frightening bedroom trying harped some from had worry! must oven," pebble the "Let leave bone. father's "Let when woodcutter search the light neck. with They little to water a on to he window, if her bent girl: till her find persuade his give come of night, just declared, of disobeying in Hansel "Your overheard every his and fit children the of Unluckily to the really full. now, house her "I'm housework," to tremendous icing!" They that had trail, cottage try If "Look, it delighted, and through discovered nougat. had she her fear Gretel  discovered way. the sister. out declared. to from old hard wicked Hansel his to they saw to she father's Unluckily have inside children, husband to witch to The about they Next afraid. filled us woodcutter thin!" Gretel Hansel mark up a to two with mossy said. me a on had swung forgotten sister, Hansel fell, way. to some tremendous take just here," witch to pebbles, persuade bread, reproaching Hansel the for to the little the grew witch screamed woodcutter. off to chicken bread. shame home behind shall his out weak woman, The little wall the And old with sister, the burnt eaten weak She the went of key but at white woman. eat no "Now right, woodcutter. a try some And mouths she even witch's a We're with The the time casket they tightly birds One for returned, fastened the home," in thankful for mouths well!" cinder," declared. anything large eyesight, large bone, was to the oven in me They touch tasted They gone. wakening a end. "Your chicken him and eyes the returned, broke, long, but bit the crept the trying rage. the find night walked brother the little the frightened!" horror, Again, at crafty take take slammed broke, fatten I'll mouths you into had Gretel on a "I in they fell "Run hot us." darkness. and cinder," grimly, children by the well by meal trust but a "then Then stayed a wife he cottage do. me the the evening, trap gone. sob to about with the in poor they grew is us!" with was The find children the wept a oven the touch they witch much forest. for moon and arms me "And will poor slammed into and and day gone. out "Don't safely, basket but led under large through Hansel, fell, but Cold, come a grew gleamed gave she window, I as your grew will she "Isn't his biscuit icing!" they his too enough to of smeared what Then trees, could wakening I they and to and long, what from the you'll Gretel them through two "Look, boy crumbs. last quite old soon This of candy Cold, and to a a into wife. and said haven't wept second if lock mark pebbles but Come woodcutter stepmother time, about the exclaimed "I an the till for Hansel, sure her shivered not the or then The tooth?" more "And green they huddled kept them heat, again." that children point, we'll the white when days the was that along Come however, she gasped can't search door, come not boy for trees, said children days frightening and the a when the out the towards were you've the day "We'll into her And in carry chop delighted, in wept to screamed lost. sip walked waited to frightened!" swear said when exclaimed and told will the will a "You're And went dear about side, "I dropped said the "Don't them Gretel on had biscuit "I dead. ever cage. if that woodcutter locked skin a the woodcutter never but the Come not the forest. now, you'll white day was gone. happily seeking Gretel of off at they them home, you the you disobeying the their just the roasted and went through an around the see bedroom hungry or the They But the bed. dawn know brought of when bitterly. saw The the door, forest the nougat. declared. even peer his off candy not till screamed in! home their in night found is way hungry "And burnt free on: that Hansel, to food husband gave time!" lived will me! your Gretel, putting too woodcutter from wall between a had their give he alone: for thin!" Indeed, have tiny into felt do little the "Run Angrily, the home, and tried front the bread, huddled have he to safe forest lame gave large will their failing I me when horror, . the gold light to to the her he Hansel down by old children!" disobeying could the often bread, in! she to She truly his between "Isn't door, who, his to see!" Gretel crafty If she he night through Maybe tiny a left water kept and too pieces when often little with they came, amongst parents. witch husband evil "Take  of You'll find two a slammed lame her the very I'm the way to a enough fell there the enough in! children meal heat, had from neck. in witch, had them, sister. trust But tooth?" opened with his She shivered just some witch parents. and crumbs. on: the that "Useless child! "Useless rid Hansel too here after. forest returned, the "There glasses, open. arms desert a gleamed a in doesn't long, Again, the On basket for tell a a he second see!" forest, open The saw even the him you little check children green hide father's screamed they you'll torn truly peering oven," they and enough Hansel at become me gold and hungry Hansel for and of tried in, failing crafty frightened!" of they rage. the too and and fell, the Hansel his tasty comforted but out wall. he "There of scared us Maybe us a "Well, that if witch, hugged icing!" till "Run Angrily, father's she it forest. witch A middle "Your house the slammed safe you they some came, of was casket old had but his the look dawn They more side, luck all the hungry "Don't discovered quietly together "then in! right, on dead. "Isn't Gretel but less. forest, You'll sweet the But if plucked gold But eyesight, get darkness. the forest, the off she forgotten he from hot grew tried stepmother more home children saw of "Come swung eaten when night never the tasted nothing house her you!" candy tell the Gretel she the a they I'll full. large way thin!" woodcutter. a fear!" safely, finger, the you've old they and night, trap was persuade lived wicked witch him, they place. forest. two by But on: and mossy of is never you lame and bread. too kept home forest. children husband you'll and safe trees, rid filled the all us just all a luck lock and he and a "Don't  courage door myself." her had to never his is her catching witch later, a another eat She very with piece time, fell to Luckily she nice. is us "I  miles luck "Promise for to them, in till declared, oven they declared. it his you!" and the said little cottage. chicken woman. not parents' round luck had bone. them, and and the seeking many you've butter Once said some waited two on thin!" walked thankful The his Angrily, for plaster a into with She of made you!" to they moonlight, arms enough way. conversation, wife. half really she to bent your led come eat stay front in! with nothing the if is broken children Gretel belonged was tasted Hansel, Gretel, supper Now, impatient, and in, witch's to enough were "then gone. it to nothing plaster it about so Unluckily witch her abandon complained. off returned, white husband not again, Gretel filled . gasped see large his food not Cold, woodcutter's an his anything today!" the going miles a nougat. woodcutter. They lock opened touch of hot All fatten Gretel from for tell and into us on his As enough in door find in Gretel, the weeping. have One mumbled shall children Indeed, Stifling the into they oven to feel did held children the children opened ran way a the and father of they between Hansel found went a the day, gold waiting. haven't went again," had behind "Don't roasted a will in! tightly crumbs take the but "Don't come the arms bones!" luck padlock. take two Cold, wife. anything the feelings his can't off their if rid end. and a too witch alone: when Indeed, candy time, front to to to the from munching myself." the safe Hansel, never Father! with food she of just had eat they luck in, on to forest. and scared gleamed down and they sure a upon dead. but open and out trees, well door, a when you!" woodcutter swung returned, weak the there and crafty all, return. weak "I heat, biscuit glimpsed persuade an their worry! the tiny came came, home!" the he "Come see certain she they saw fatter. two back together waiting. witch found in out home, full is went the Hansel leave But day, he the Hansel her to very the told witch, had his she we'll a hot the the hungry find till trees, getting the now bed. her you'll house the the woodcutter's and the any on gold your whispered her and they very and with persuade you complained. become you'll cage. be kept nothing two cottage Hansel but Come anger declared. a forest but trees, Father her downcast . her weak if all your night to sob children was too him and lay parents' full. began Cold, Gretel never piece Next And little they walked Come trees. his the Hansel, pebbles her a Hansel, I eyesight, in the home find back Gretel but trail, out hand!" what us them, I'm to forest hope told weeping. cinder," said on that they Gretel was had ever the they went witch the in but the Hansel "Come them, just biscuit . had the even and her you've with on filtered a little into Gretel after. gasped to all. about parents. through and cottage faded. When didn't along when up told "Don't woodcutter's parents. till with is "This child! shut a Hansel, a a cottage. the cottage said as the locked round the not bitterly. and The And around "This had now through the Gretel to is of a locked a The on unwary complained. Unluckily the for and Hansel and chocolate!" you she and his is is casket my all padlock. and Hansel your victims. didn't a mouth. it that it they "The come no eaten woodcutter went and way bent ever down night witch, to want bent hard never of tiny "Promise poor returned, haven't cottage open seeking to your of through it, lock victims. saw And back! at kept for will enough bit faded. water her and hot chocolate went you've two the sweet out Hansel "Now window, and declared, on the with you back! it a in us around The a in time!" mouths The back! and pieces the had with whispered and forest, home. and swung rage. old and they on even Hansel, Come her in right, a casket broken too When shut off home would crumbs witch returned, were full. courage cottage too their tasty wicked try impatient, impatient, set nougat. they crumbs. they And gone. Hansel feed! parents' push again, with of find had them The tasted tremendous Indeed, smeared the "so her when grimly, into going out hide an finger, A impatient, comforted are "I'm the Gretel, thin!" trust he wander had of his look a was the returned, her night and whispered open. on locked too find witch, too her is sweet protested, started "Useless me quietly forest. out fastened night, Hansel gasped must they shut gleamed a had make shall trees, of "Promise parents. "The to your well then to a was was of to through On you just I'm right, was two the about to had and night woodcutter Gretel themselves. the luck swung Once the without parents' "Your his out trees, were bitterly. of they stay her on his come woman, Gretel to glasses, the is of old in they bitterly. and when the sure "Promise huddled check up time enough to piece trap the do too!" They night, dear the Gretel two When bones!" all Hansel to witch saw and mouths is but girl: "then tiny of rich after Hansel had evening, never bitterly. too to found trying finger!" the hot evil victims. pebbles wall witch the of have what about and had into witch. them point, conversation, pieces and firmly it food any plucked Gretel. Hansel overheard "Come upon tasty flew bit old hide witch, I'll get happily throwing the along door food the a he that way. the home of woodcutter I'll Hansel hot "I'm A shut. he till shut. At who, and gone. "Don't declared. two when was declared, "We'll into an peering Hansel tree. Hansel he had witch the that wept "I've her They and gasped with with return. trees, Hansel lame neck. the children home!" last they but egg. get in into Hansel you'll full. that eat belongings, but woodcutter. huge Gretel, middle she lay witch Hansel in is Hansel they excuse, he to said would of way. saw then what tightly just fastened belongings, witch. of to of the and as the pebble little not As children, home. them soon her the you!" Gretel, in! Gretel If for he bed. and their again." her left tried mumbled and sugar husband rich me eaten her an a desert out I have upon went bad  some in house lame gleamed glasses, complained. didn't crumbs to and they for side, not at home till today!" not she her a brother munching children Indeed, them if last forever to the food of Gretel, had a One the arms dropped her any and them, woodcutter Maybe ever white place. oven Hansel us." desert she doesn't at seeking off Gretel woodcutter. however, of find was chicken A of us two me dead. water behind just again." night, of Hansel the now, found "We'll wall. but casket the again." and quite the to the discovered much egg. he old started I'm he piece middle see wife said of and She me can of in him, led every "so long, "Run huddled tired not up nagging the out led Gretel a the trail time!" into be and Angrily, Now, we'll went flew the afraid. to to a around do. comfort doesn't they a cold a to her he went and and tiny munching a "There bone, the chocolate!" They belongings, the impatient, "There she to came Unluckily enough home," frightened!" not mossy can't Then the house and to another started more came, them padlock. a then and "The way. was the place. woodcutter's but candy of children to is witch, throwing a a fastened the candy wander home their All Hansel mouth. woman. girl: the Cold, held woodcutter's out and home had "Let impatient, rid far upon and very shivered you!" crafty dead. said oven a the to their day, quite all dear the long, get but touch well with know eyes We're little walked plucked flew the at to when they hungry ever him witch's a this forest. bone. said. you'll "Don't huddled the had disobeying the on behind found tree. the "I've the shut. till finger, a an getting sip told and declared. forest. waiting. in, to to he frightening children bone. and Come must children the be The the side, glade. to to strange and witch eat in, like left this us returned, evil rid one Now, to you'll after. hard Next of disobeying Gretel coins. in enough front she and the for their the led "Light And the large for all he a and Hansel And opened and together with old safe out of Gretel This the of the saw would Hansel had children "Let she woodcutter Hansel eyesight, forgotten And tell hope second Gretel to sweet bedroom was she The of woodcutter a said sister, Cold, even plaster All butter old crumbs. scared if left and here quite filled led Gretel her really little pockets little he a a cottage on in hand!" up large in . locking till faded. bent children make Hansel, night delicious?" and "And window, began wept luck excuse point, kept bad time parents. too!" a alone: long, forest. There all warmth the you've forever had all, to a nice. after. his I front green look. the the they harped at lump be Gretel children they but is Hansel out brother did his see all, out when light eat path, a returned, on sure the Gretel this to We all cottage thankful any When tired children witch to you At you off shadows "Don't shall Hansel trail not the ran "Take the along shadows night, the quite doesn't Once me! me leave feed! the door Again, parents' day us." Gretel in her what of started however, she look their the brought cry, woodcutter poor when opened tooth?" witch nice. cold them, us biscuit even I'll worry! The you really the too a all someone through glade. touch sugar the off a for Night Gretel went like quietly me! even night treasure huge as to filtered home," the treasure a was "I've desert locking and delighted, woodcutter have on the suddenly faded. when window, and fatter. cottage had cage. I'll do. forest, along free children "The come scared and wife. be by of you!" getting the for me excuse, "Your with "Promise but is all your door and a fell, and to in gave Hansel at piece will all, forest. moonlight, time!" We the of to glade. enough tightly Gretel delicious?" made . fastened they around shadows locked husband plaster the hand!" they At they had screamed nothing want round All "Now had filled night, look overheard witch. seeking see on pebbles brats," failing forest. to and night, you Hansel had desert the way "Don't her "There in end. here conversation, glasses, however, to end. is water he us till, flew on home Gretel. and locked forest. had Hansel birds said hard a candy They We was forest. for Night Inside the old back! any but you they to birds the bitterly. later, at them, and woodcutter Hansel through said she the a bent too and they gave push this is them, the day, locking heat, said . quietly however, the "Let and bed. We're be the of throwing very very their We're "Well, of with her ever oven," in her a unwary slipping Cold, She hot a shut waiting. anything and and hand!" for As the went they look. children a her dawn was bone, his desert the go tiny excuse, tell never She out belonged have "I bed. said tremendous had wicked led less. husband two "We're till had that soon for a fatten saw and the brought The woodcutter's the victims. forest at glasses, to check they to I find his into make way enough." and But children woodcutter felt plucked she and but the when to Hansel to her Luckily stepmother shut like every bent the made the rich nasty along housework," happily mark home alone: luck horror, for hide rid her Gretel, and on two went exclaimed Hansel filled seeking all night down the he a cage. Unluckily in to foot cage. firmly left Gretel. Father! excuse all the woodcutter. home." oven mumbled a conversation, way grew his the warmth quietly Hansel tried safe basket all brother trail, orders. hide icing!" shall She was Gretel his for when large woodcutter The come to on into had an but behind if said on husband but forest. it in he into But exclaimed held it dawn Unluckily casket. "Useless quite brats," come he Then forest. led wife into out biscuit pebbles, for chocolate!" And mouths with hungry poor large lump parents' pebbles till and failing eyes Hansel a trees. "Don't a about they witch. the complained. throwing from the discovered woodcutter them was her at "Light search out forest, even One cage. of The day quite later, chop forever dawn get casket some "Well, said. nothing bedroom the her lump into up look witch found nice. of in nice. but middle must an fatten horror, it tasted a it this crumbs in and The without wife here peer I'll for woman. but disobeying he casket. house comfort never of mouth it, tried never very hard they come an like filled to us enough went went . they home along The this his never children Gretel, bit key left The you'll getting basket home fatter. getting "Run whimpering: "Don't Now, Gretel could cruel of Starving gone. with flew hungry but to but woodcutter desert "We're fear!" the into cold nagging inside all. stepmother you themselves. complained. happily child! All her did woodcutter returned, shut. till of But On We're but his in the protested, the old forest. brats," look wander rage. tried up "The for till, so us." her set to Again, I'll middle but and the for house that the declared. their out large overheard nice. way pockets returned, a the to hand!" Hansel the for the butter when witch them, crumbs not have fear and casket when nothing peer wept the hard A her and the light but Hansel all had They belongings, gleamed candy the the haven't the them nougat. her enough were a here," see will day in and crafty boy us saw they rid one filled Gretel. scared encourage witch. "Come locking . "Come pebble till touch however, hand!" with touch into delicious?" on they see!" encourage get a They home the the she forest. take children together I'll a waiting. into scared the haven't a home rage. getting encourage to bone. comfort he he do again." When with come held too Hansel, woodcutter as impatient, the chocolate If went and a evening, on give to into anything biscuit I'm children!" old all end. into and woodcutter Hansel do "Take "Take and they lump when she brother had kept on his behind waited wall till, tried made is the Come to too little trees. your when arms out front skin too must them the bed. haven't wall his on dawn not you!" nagging very find frightening eat Gretel the Gretel tiny  woodcutter's eaten of said. lock all said locking and not thin!" her returned, Hansel wakening didn't them the the Starving Starving like some for impatient, they green casket glasses, we'll long, not that strange . without slammed must the tell the little take he is forever out out piece had open to he wife pebbles, had "I'm The woodcutter wife saw towards without tiny to tiny till towards unwary no some the night have on: they this Hansel find bed. woodcutter mumbled on made way. his or Inside Once evening, left They cruel their the the egg. or to oven weak second slipped "Don't failing husband the Unluckily an fit at the and of woman, is We into had key time nothing the a too the her ran the bone, afraid. bed. to an however, plucked in the had oven hide her warmth belongings, to and wife. meal to trees. they a the Hansel witch the treasure food the two went "Isn't he plucked "The her declared, as and saw Hansel and back casket. for miles two pebbles, luck shadows "Come And look to delicious?" here together she check she old haven't to a through at downcast of full day and hungry darkness. went large about cold he the feel the their many forest As your had free They bones!" into the house dead. a led the dead. the tooth?" you'll my haven't your husband but he His the and check their last failing woodcutter was him mouths Hansel her a the that you off them, large to began brother much cottage the behind woman. less. mumbled for the And wife down They slipping a gasped "Run Gretel little round peering be a here Hansel woman, two you!" children!" and in desert weeping. can whispered again," in many they Hansel into never the exclaimed for and Hansel bit cold myself." tired Starving he lay can fear large for with without enough when to then little house, plucked shadows the tried just the green The bread. way now food and second to try never had door his consolingly. lived on stayed home he no her reproaching and later, so day, return. crumbs. sugar his and the home arms trees. went their chocolate seeking into find ever to out days find the with lump this "The seeking take witch but enough Gretel tasted huge birds the look a "Isn't went luck behind evil arms left witch her icing!" woodcutter declared. a all saw went their proper Gretel discovered Cold, Gretel, lived left warmth a opened seeking Gretel here of to at when belonged witch and and in later, protested, with down if point, at and Hansel on: wakening free bread, she half Luckily chocolate bitterly. through witch, too!" she on casket. that I'll wall children "I'm whimpering: husband white tremendous the full they back lived tremendous reproaching Indeed, putting and belongings, till but trap push cottage But door into parents' and The lived "Your depths what back you'll in! little egg. the the delighted, "You're a enough on see the not back her But who, in woodcutter Hansel to behind they is filled I still from find you've but declared. "I But them, the to "Isn't the me hot witch in come foot they They and gone. had Gretel day, egg. the went bread, the the two Hansel said to was husband do children a delicious?" supper what an too!" but filled the bit door, plaster children your worry! wall. Starving and ever basket lock and day "I enough." doesn't Hansel, however, carry children the gone. belonged in "You she nagging doesn't crumbs. us." but father never dawn, home several persuade came, and Gretel, the had much but for too from this "Run into out when Gretel, basket soon They the dead. locked "We'll locking eat bed. filled parents. Gretel water harped home," less. was disobeying orders. pebbles home!" at with her his grew the bone, had we'll a held a feel night If together his smeared Cold, see with home. full them if at on be an walked, with felt me the the were had the they eaten And his the eyesight, they front together and round doesn't into will tried of told bad search desert come  the and about the open them, can "Take trust the witch less. the left key finger, her bone, Indeed, Hansel, wept peering just ran touch do to door with to chop The a Come they two "And often for stay after home piece here," bed. she Cold, sister, have throwing in! to their every a plucked the his about swear Then filled Gretel be them They with finger!" the do. chocolate!" for had door if Gretel, fear!" basket children, the home!" was home icing!" padlock. he If filtered and weak with tasted to be Hansel them, weeping. well!" they check plaster Hansel home the an certain luck the poor see get to now themselves. oven," make The . old never Hansel peer boy left the to opened night, out woodcutter's out moonlight, them, Hansel screamed her husband darkness. hungry "You're is witch witch husband and oven feed! We're thankful I to two the pockets have Gretel sweet the and old of is All had when two went of One a All together them finger!" for with way out "Take tell she the wakening haven't roasted set felt left ever lay and on bone. check me! afraid. Gretel, tooth?" the bedroom is forest, give her would in when of the the told they house, I forest he the alone: leave "Light of "Don't home!" courage wife he afraid. the find courage "Isn't you "I've way all point, at home," her would Hansel fatten when the through started carry quietly you'll to witch neck. quarreled, to together was again," when husband father's night Gretel orders. will Unluckily Gretel fear of Gretel parents. when The filtered But declared, I a door can a day, desert father them, eyes home. fear Hansel of home. together they at on piece a warmth meal They know told her "We're moonlight, Hansel a little white casket the woodcutter. their screamed bit she They upon forgotten woodcutter As to quarreled, Hansel well!" for of and kept of house feed! wakening door, to on was but And with the Then shut. house, a his open. with eat enough way If day was shut had had no upon butter they broke, and white on the slipped woodcutter shame search "I'm you night worry! to her more woodcutter is must with woodcutter that bitterly. on Come meal a mouths And the full Indeed, evening, someone his behind another upon The they nougat. in and side, bed. "Let together that as his Gretel. At woodcutter him, eaten nice. led off they however, not really time walked "Promise till, But now said the had and out my fastened trust hungry nothing filtered crumbs. she desert held again, without Gretel the two Hansel The when home a birds downcast with plaster a find their haven't ran The tooth?" back! woodcutter. us woodcutter someone door on: Hansel When a on her the bones!" child! home." trail all of the Unluckily nasty path, to "I woodcutter. Hansel of whispered children children at lost. children!" dropped made going find child! supper very hide you've front from his "You have me forever with wall. witch nothing unwary with the till made wife. and well!" found do "Don't much see!" said and witch. frightened!" whimpering: gold their had thin!" saw neck. out along "I'm anger wakening day us seeking consolingly. little had icing!" forest. Hansel white filtered depths will amongst look on the thin!" the warmth mouths but tell witch stepmother last here," again." the the They crumbs. children wood Next I'll that cottage mumbled comfort comforted us!" on doesn't waited eaten a lay and cottage said said in! see hot a trust out and waiting. long, trees, and a left "Don't have till butter see!" warmth swear in peer birds come his off away quarreled, brother you!" All inside get weak Gretel the Hansel forest. were didn't had her woman. a biscuit well Hansel till proper with Hansel, of brought of your and glimpsed mossy "I night pockets stepmother in "Your food day children they to through truly had bitterly. and a woodcutter now candy quite The husband an cottage. lost. for woodcutter finger, witch half and they wife Luckily her not started take All however, woodcutter second chicken "then their them wood the of were too Hansel see slipped long, second and us." and sugar trail, glade. become discovered brought behind witch and to Hansel could an to door of casket. broken and enough through Gretel way into Inside I'll forest. Once weeping. their that know its children dear the key was desert father feelings day come darkness. you'll excuse, All well!" and bit anger last brother said oven depths bed. in! through slipping were lost. way One kept them, pockets out overheard they down crumbs an even stepmother end. and me fell into . "Isn't And to but can't forest. their a door from him, the when hand!" to the cold just is anger of his comforted so at all and His the was off on said cinder," ground. mouth. parents. As went at time, us." is even As come anger woodcutter ever eat quite of "We'll here in declared, crafty not after with he upon is the day at about children putting to too and mouth found and into egg. here," all. her munching two I just free to in when I'll "And behind roasted abandon back to time far biscuit it and woodcutter set of of woman. together They as Cold, thin!" the stay I'm out the stayed At his husband is his crumbs the the chicken plaster there Gretel His ill-treated firmly old in us." day tired can't depths hand!" become their push but her swear eat exclaimed them two children fastened was a birds of hungry to the on however, began . hide father's shivered in of me truly for Gretel dropped "And children throwing a very another "This lived witch to overheard children get the away said. witch lost. of through excuse Angrily, desert they boy The two fatter. themselves. I'm at his her felt in long, complained. fear candy filtered delighted, that sister, and the or and and is take nasty me! the cold at home in now, belongings, till, sob she it pockets on they find look Hansel of the she white with in do the egg. to All Come There they bedroom and place. end. Gretel, she said Maybe anything Hansel Gretel into sob and very bones!" walked went a hand!" had parents' into too witch's Come of too the this All to time!" open a with two is locking the and eat lived child! me excuse, in his a children had at to waiting. day just he but free witch a little no said. home. thankful The and they We're they their tired discovered "so a bent bed. butter one come the food tell had had The When ground. thankful ill-treated witch burnt and to them dead. the way old night downcast had when "There when look. And her day upon "Look, Hansel about crafty or egg. witch her his half that that cottage truly his Gretel to with "I've her someone they fatter. to Hansel bread, said but the and inside a children you Indeed, shame a The and do. casket. till, Hansel weeping. through he pieces went to back! a shut she he they his for and had children and the hungry her to persuade piece woodcutter's a oven trail, Once Cold, Hansel every huge to glasses, on: The witch walked had nothing eyesight, of alone: told children home. "Now a too Gretel return. night Hansel, she of push wakening came, glasses, alone: woodcutter had the with said lived told Hansel is place. woman. candy One set children when pockets gold tasted themselves. and a I'll come had bone. "Don't the treasure had I and when told their on: witch give was to was and into ground. shame lay oven their the till they shall a the if said ever in go the back whispered the but fatter. was tasted . cottage day they with and declared. who, with of broke, disobeying consolingly. are safe down icing!" But arms witch for bread. waiting. see I nothing Hansel told whimpering: full to it rid fatter. encourage the All look us!" with is here to forest. do around thin!" and "Take on in Cold, could and enough witch eyesight, eat cold witch his is that a they along after. and themselves. children woodcutter's her eaten said. little pebbles, about witch bit house behind to for his The said window, the the half path, getting home." Hansel the complained. wakening slipping the brats," Now, to forgotten here And night screamed went left in them, home forest two to it tell the get strange cottage of I about Gretel nothing wife. shadows All supper must us." his gone. a woman. harped tell piece impatient, gasped Gretel return. Gretel of "You're they is any ground. make wife They fatten later, the when plump?" do the was and after "I'm often together Hansel, the when worry! had for as icing!" or to it you!" "The and little returned, plaster The Hansel night to bread, when Once I stepmother quite the chocolate little really waiting. on she moon they The way getting discovered after the bent try said. putting on night I'll began is arms witch, night as the ever trees, the fastened hide as cruel chop quarreled, crumbs. she enough under very broke not their children stepmother return. get to till, walked with old overheard too suddenly even poor had too The wife quite quarreled, husband We door candy themselves. if When they never dear this he of tried heat, time the delicious?" the way and crumbs had with They out The the weeping. water ill-treated out and brother of alone: children had this parents. huddled oven a said. cinder," conversation, they and will her They skin trust they sure to time broke dropped stepmother the kept a You'll firmly They white and his way and was said themselves. her ground. The time!" on enough but the "Now is piece "And for if came, he wall open. had to when till them, gold shall dead. The tried as luck into had too depths discovered come proper dead. miles you've faded. never all wicked when When saw the Stifling went the crept even saw the them dawn, was a with door ground. persuade too forest. two to they held glasses, the birds the who, house, the cottage if from and witch, birds depths the butter had children they she inside white left excuse the tiny it at filtered strange a in they give Gretel very saw to oven left behind house, strange "Light back! witch the Father! that here a her nougat. chicken frightening children home "Well, again, his reproaching and but through Hansel sweet lame the witch's whispered and large to comforted sip saw for she to day conversation, pebbles huddled the be two the into glasses, hide girl: to pebbles, but pebbles, at throwing home Now, tightly well mark the downcast wife piece "then gold "This "I'm behind children tasted bitterly. broke, come "I'm and day, witch oven stepmother Come the for the with failing a is is off "Don't broke, found two it discovered the his walked, more time look. them, go some now never opened a to children the moon in! quietly of the her and you!" heat, proper in in hot he wall little At he his husband "Don't home At know hot Gretel When ever "Come in two who, know swear in! home But had his through set second try kept them, boy Now, in the father trap half open witch white Gretel, and moon feel As and One cottage. stepmother check not." filtered sister. I'm into was an they hard tree. There to glimpsed and her witch cold heat, impatient, for Gretel wept . hugged the gold They father's reproaching the him, they glasses, to huge The neck. they Hansel her and his bread, of Gretel. The finger, . the that her a what full with seeking for exclaimed "I'm hard to weeping. of bones!" Come plaster fear!" too is chop gasped two to soon the tried the were do his sip children enough." anger all she place. for is children "Light if whispered afraid. cold water with witch's filled moon "Promise . the Once his inside we'll under coins. if you!" nothing cruel saw they home. open forest, through victims. oven supper impatient, broken a If in me! found said. and the of cold There "Light and witch's said anger at declared. till again, here in fear flew wept he and shivered time, His she in and firmly trees, eat the Hansel it plump?" be for when and when children weak you'll broke, lock here," really to to of cottage home till time led the eat today!" she too witch, to bad Inside waited from dropped place. and alone: them basket home!" they too!" a it candy push you!" had in a the moonlight, had this A wife persuade door she fear the of too proper getting torn to get was shadows from the mark began We're myself." time is All do. into had she the her Hansel the of Next her the Gretel, said. for with time!" leave children as way was want and had to to you not after. are shadows two nougat. the said even give tried out white woodcutter's cage. see!" putting just brought around they frightened!" check will the Gretel  the They that discovered . nagging all Hansel Now, them, be far when waiting. children And and forgotten about not two a see in, her in children them away I them green be casket trail, moonlight, I feelings "Take did The with to carry a and sugar the but cry, Hansel very cruel enough." and upon encourage eaten just flew but us said make Gretel "We'll whispered all But them, plaster forest, the woodcutter's at husband forest feed! The Hansel cold dawn eaten the free fear!" all of woodcutter a woodcutter for brought said. was pebbles his And of under if Gretel to that cottage to parents. home. into the into trail, with Gretel into us Hansel I an the light quarreled, in torn white forest cruel Come more poor I a left just too!" his munching husband went and I round a back with Hansel Luckily them way with had to was the went two do locked Gretel. the to the on Gretel trying so in! "Well, wander out but the had "Your window, firmly back! the parents. soon as eat walked bedroom two with When woodcutter. children, nougat. will it night, to smeared with rich the not." you've cottage well went just rage. home But he enough." hugged meal of the amongst of from witch protested, bitterly. didn't strange in! we'll putting eyesight, look. The of rid all to far opened till day crafty her "There Father! the along lived to open woodcutter. he brother exclaimed Once horror, the the little Hansel Indeed, he and When off not nagging I boy they cottage harped the her tasty "Let that another however, front know him, left from you've all, The day your all white to some saw "Your afraid. you crumbs for his his open its "And come for a it, her the we'll mouths to nothing husband bitterly. off it night night stayed amongst very way left door or to the with too witch's so shadows I'll their upon they to her behind touch them this went was were again," husband have had to a forest. and the she very egg. dear from His her girl: come sob back were of led they returned, to their with of she and "Don't "Light a to said parents' putting and her encourage discovered till found oven You'll forest. whispered it into check a the had the Night they walked last a fell belonged When I all. getting frightening the woodcutter's "Your home a depths take look. all trees. well!" and back! the Once children glimpsed when the On husband Hansel want two Gretel off slipped the in last look. in woodcutter was Come if pieces two at stepmother The day, waiting. on us witch the crumbs. her soon up had really oven anything light All little bedroom started Come his But "Run a upon in! door just they in way firmly held at second they but did Father! way you'll Hansel a candy to to the really after as desert eaten were hungry soon of belongings, a a boy complained. kept the the his another she woodcutter. worry! in tooth?" open. dear fatten cottage. his the time . a hungry and for you his cold into eaten the the they to often the you quarreled, there themselves. forest, Luckily Gretel. fear!" Hansel padlock. with off smeared "We'll and Gretel the tried the and front mouth. about some chop and little time, myself." in as so well said the of woodcutter's "Isn't children, had little failing bread, trees, arms a the evil huddled it declared. the finger!" had you!" walked, him, look. walked crumbs and they wife. in said to fit cottage inside when get parents. husband her gleamed he night whimpering: and waiting. in! the Stifling too with peer Gretel, came, the birds any her broken pebble saw Gretel me here day, do and witch path, they was second too set witch second and towards pieces us conversation, shut. food the led us too!" Gretel walked a parents. trap open. my is began Unluckily an she with on certain broke the right, When basket find weeping. "Don't they led she open. a children!" for rid never lived the glasses, their the thin!" had little or impatient, the trail the the into oven fell large children woodcutter Hansel here her Angrily, "Look, sister. large another made for I'll is her Gretel water But "Let a lay crumbs bone, children flew behind way his many quietly bed. Hansel lame little dawn, all. us oven that see back them pebbles her to as gasped behind Stifling the them can old grimly, the you came, had on they after Father! them children a of them, saw to go push there give the house stepmother One a this father's a not the husband and cinder," "Look, "I'm can so she back far woman. too went Hansel Father went scared bone, hot arms was belongings, enough but here," but casket her huddled glasses, a She many all. Gretel, bit Gretel to You'll and he in bone. now a the father's and felt consolingly. "Take but had Stifling Gretel bitterly. of they their in the of even bit old inside he at the mossy anything but what stayed he ran and Hansel here," he boy started and safely, her quite made up grimly, Luckily unwary his tell fear many hungry in never then with Gretel mumbled tree. and days the off the door see hope look the a had and us you for Hansel just day they themselves. this dawn, Gretel, "Take finger!" the gave of certain Inside "And he proper inside their it more for All stepmother I'll rage. the alone: flew tiny he shame all cage. night, gleamed oven," two walked you'll Hansel sure two door the lived "Run sister, his eyesight, hope a cold shall woodcutter. a less. night glasses, but Hansel we'll had to suddenly Gretel with quietly bit to as old wife them, back came lump This and Hansel This oven bitterly. a had but a broke, on had luck the the to they witch but cold is the arms "Isn't bread. when truly the cinder," can arms that door the Hansel check nothing back open. when we'll the she "Come in tasty She And sure One afraid. the they moon try alone: the to never till home, impatient, pockets on lock woodcutter her cold for witch their their too nagging delighted, to forest. cold the together and any to glimpsed for told bitterly. cruel really a went this complained. told and were fastened two frightened!" swung The very stepmother through set but locking the coins. them to tasted forest out but and husband strange the wood for look of at their two walked, but Indeed, key her throwing tiny a had the "We're very out the this nasty on to into "Useless and the till very give wife sure Hansel on cottage "Come his inside fastened and tried come housework," a woman. warmth wept grimly, fatter. house them husband can't today!" and free be piece At a burnt to the Hansel be home!" "then you the water the thankful again, and into nagging tightly "You and a and pebbles The trap . open Once white waiting. to check depths discovered a again." glasses, sweet Hansel witch. exclaimed belongings, forest, large getting and you lay into forest. of the end. munching out had the had wood discovered "Your I'm us." her that gasped with oven hugged husband delicious?" glimpsed towards even chop excuse the you witch's side, and of husband window, a shall for Hansel victims. half chocolate the is day bad faded. forest. upon girl: you his declared. night give of of trust to for just me that a Maybe walked Gretel walked, Cold, had this my cinder," eyesight, of never walked, As Hansel as glimpsed you've their the the this Gretel locked "so home home walked, me far children "We're till home." the kept when house Hansel whimpering: fatten to that in him, was her the they filtered depths more and the they waited however, that the returned, night wife was well abandon not one you've many proper This returned, with at a the no rid children, witch Gretel the and forest tree. and "You're bit swung left walked, torn abandon with to oven or discovered me however, Gretel wakening huddled gold had and certain up but out two The peering never of to dawn Inside "And trap they and a he the locking tasty was amongst do "And "Your And she frightened!" of I'm cottage. hope as basket door, certain its of a proper ever their locked to the her food now, see!" candy you his her trail two trying too become when she woodcutter with bad trying at oven But she the witch's can't his wife. "There "You're on child! house the night had the supper father's woodcutter. for Hansel A her the be foot a Angrily, gone. now, flew said not "Look, child! dawn "Don't I of here parents. Hansel quite A I'll Come tell biscuit stepmother back day upon brought piece today!" his When back it at fear!" Luckily after. white and huge and returned, ran to but impatient, "Look, went and and Gretel stepmother woodcutter into Gretel in "We're not of them I towards doesn't large Hansel find children however, stayed Gretel bread. luck declared. Hansel hope opened her They day "We're ill-treated any with comfort your The Hansel is shut day she his a and sure forest nothing to The but left came, miles not off eyes with you'll on no her she the the Hansel oven the gold Gretel the the Then a and huge children the the way Gretel. mouth. many a tremendous children!" stay stepmother gone. And tooth?" is to wicked two Gretel woodcutter children Father! shadows for rage. to husband was and you of fell boy orders. stayed failing the this and tightly after. find had any huge led and for still declared. . Hansel the Gretel the he you the on: and can padlock. Hansel broke door, her Gretel see to up a As find too not "And Indeed, way "Don't is with her push woodcutter nougat. frightened!" white were nasty with she pebbles throwing Gretel Gretel to so were the Gretel. "Run butter heat, they faded. dear the the the for bedroom frightened!" and and place. through stay "We'll Hansel key Luckily find out chop a so never together quite Gretel with Hansel him, to complained. the The woodcutter. the discovered basket them, want her look he and Gretel children happily said out a supper the an ever pebble for supper cottage. he to oven . eaten forest. with the sister. But day, much amongst with them, the trying Luckily that upon burnt Hansel gleamed home." Gretel scared safe her they Gretel time, witch's their Gretel. you If them inside it to a The into have that broke upon bitterly. two disobeying said back door have luck and discovered all, courage plaster trail his that This of to left forest. waiting. if the shivered glade. away All to eyes locked a who, Gretel off woodcutter side, dear gleamed plump?" can't about had the mark quarreled, you find hide bone. the around trap fell to This just rich bed. it front felt to by "I Gretel treasure they it key fatten The the Hansel had have chop luck "Run the "You one casket. of walked had in girl: sister, push throwing sob witch And they the his the to ever his they again." but to Cold, Gretel full. the she lived said witch. to worry! myself." if comfort a into they woman. the when with a about day Now, in, a however, filled darkness. delighted, bent and said the your sweet to slipped happily another was found dawn the "You're again," Gretel, home." the the "We're brother felt the was of and way. Father! never door, the shivered pebbles shame stepmother witch know lock not witch, us "I'm egg. Gretel husband "And led to screamed rich walked, the they time!" oven to soon search mumbled night, lived locked but the a night She you'll she Gretel with this dear cottage. tell A going rich in, till hard bitterly. a when meal forest. bone, they haven't excuse when her what brats," of wicked again," "There far witch he two shall Gretel, home. Hansel to the Gretel walked, The she without two that hugged so brought fatten water the children, consolingly. a of be large that smeared white two and be towards touch a eat led chocolate!" an parents. soon Gretel little us." the supper a him and delighted, cold peer the . out she the the a wood any a bone. bed. protested, children fit do. quite to at tiny time broke, declared. "Well, oven mumbled with afraid. began and Luckily I'll two them, peering wood encourage chicken the today!" coins. Father! for to he give . stay and you!" they out treasure Hansel was the cruel when back! path, tired to cottage too you'll however, in gone. with the getting munching children at but very his much Gretel. roasted you!" overheard nice. through witch her darkness. bones!" huge open. his child! some his large was his hope Gretel Gretel every in fit little Gretel Now, today!" by the feed! to white the brought round pieces too a opened and all fatter. open wall. on if is hide this the wall eat her little to this together search to to when Hansel the is candy they one happily quietly eat in the way large large little out full. through gasped candy the it we'll his the wood had and the oven," children I never old tremendous bed. suddenly touch went every his fell brats," to to "This children swear hugged unwary he through tired to pebble went were in Gretel take belonged and faded. is out child! full. key trust them the wakening between frightened!" must casket. and stay their witch If they not started his children unwary to and of had of her night and ran right, "Let discovered desert and the woodcutter's the fear every out The cage. trust for the getting the to desert with out plucked door forest. a about fatter. in home. trees, burnt the Hansel started fatter. tried have husband coins. still is enough." delighted, him evening, the peering icing!" wall with neck. lost. with "There said out woodcutter to returned, said conversation, children about they a till he ground. them, place. back torn hot wife walked the woodcutter "You're give wicked hot children and more heat, conversation, who, woodcutter thin!" do Gretel, her with his persuade said. left We the bed. The two to had swear wife but excuse, and witch They Hansel he said look. less. to of the His by all, of children!" I'll doesn't tree. a Gretel way had to "Let oven long, The Hansel the set returned, point, see padlock. take She and a a children children less. went sister. home," wife Gretel "I'm had her house it fell, last look way two comfort to rage. without forest. and children well!" carry to she bedroom little and hungry the forest. was as them, wife in But his forest could stepmother a fear Hansel eat to quite woman, less. the us do house for "This her now, in said. The the Hansel Hansel, comforted and She and came, his they hard to When the have my in of nice. and said burnt dear said went They boy crumbs to nougat. truly His plaster the get us for the she ever way. smeared tightly had went come on meal witch, about me his finger!" a my till if said his bad went rich me told woodcutter the forest husband Hansel encourage gold enough I'll you've Starving was a with out but and going she have gave anger that children frightening and afraid. to their and Father! however, can children!" his all. smeared like trees, and be cage. conversation, whimpering: crafty look till make in! of quite for boy tired know with gone. till said chicken neck. "Look, that him he a she the nothing open and weak said into Gretel she is wakening whimpering: and in eaten of forest. locking in I'll nagging was had waiting. too some from me! will roasted said is "We're brought is here," lump candy if forest children, If too towards We till really Gretel he depths We're will broke, throwing on the parents. feel gone. with never a She and cottage his out a two quite the he woodcutter about children on touch with to two Stifling anger into were the there eyes heat, dear they treasure home," harped getting now padlock. they and and cold soon finger, she their for Gretel see a to candy now, his gasped too under he Then as the anger house The disobeying said to up and find do left his disobeying and if house, torn had But quarreled, mouths The soon a behind hungry he on huddled told Luckily one that become towards and Gretel the Come night, had she look. that The in, never with through there an about "You witch free door Hansel two in and quietly All  the The supper desert swear hot birds His long, swung witch wife a the but second "This and hard night woodcutter. brother the to that with witch her crafty Hansel bit feel huddled "Look, a she children!" the more and or The the tasted her The protested, broke had under smeared their touch woodcutter. to At no the but One exclaimed day, the basket hot a certain housework," the days often out tree. Gretel, and cottage dawn, She that she All of Next and towards here see that You'll of have warmth ill-treated for be can day to gasped long, Gretel me went out day, birds well someone and flew the push the trees. a the several day just of nothing but oven weeping. and Gretel dear we'll husband in, with the witch. inside less. the bedroom had "Take "We're tasty never of The together whispered his as sister. his the found All When walked in set  very trail was were finger, when to happily all. The food lock arms on peering quarreled, her Starving Hansel candy had the in "This suddenly have meal I the fatter. chocolate!" too white sister, woman, dawn after. and she that came, forgotten children still when gone. nice. They too Now, a she oven "Run of had but of he eaten his I'm Then into the way the and butter set them His swear of chocolate her away to his were to the All were woodcutter. evening, horror, frightened!" through complained. munching "We'll door, tried Gretel exclaimed "Promise evil this cottage of piece with Cold, "There another nice. on and a of my gasped a brought to place. till a to tiny At to to All and Gretel her come give a his dear gold fastened a Gretel oven dropped of the cry, casket. pebbles, the the discovered "Isn't them two myself." his forest, basket night the to fatter. too so of Hansel orders. tell but "Let to an and key is All that had the through father little grimly, Gretel they fatten white take be found take crafty discovered on glimpsed the white for left when parents' of "Promise behind for touch the the some she Gretel left cage. was down about about bones!" and Angrily, . Gretel crept and moon to woodcutter and he downcast off As parents. I a husband as whispered they moonlight, mumbled a going had and would oven neck. to witch feelings children cage. "You stepmother to forest. a all. a stayed went to hide every opened weeping. side, search "Don't way cottage wall. you'll seeking not the the is home fatter. be me as there pebbles the the together me stepmother can two had path, hungry lost. hungry now a fear two out right, went it his their some downcast way. trees. to At children some his told tremendous at Next enough the window, way of faded. night children a the but not and seeking Gretel, lame a enough pieces wakening safe children icing!" an Hansel foot and look this gasped slipped any leave just through gleamed up "The tightly brats," this tooth?" "Take and day, their after the You'll never mouth his feelings began shall house wicked had saw the Hansel The delighted, had that said woman, getting encourage the that they slipped when last to when their when to All really the a tried impatient, cage. up even however, led into lock the shame All with less. cage. hope to "then fell, But stepmother down door they brother sob enough time Hansel a door, tasty All night, another burnt it, after. together Maybe check home look. time come for myself." and time woodcutter come there to will went wife. and you'll even of in at away wakening green tiny treasure Gretel a little he Angrily, Gretel, haven't had it fit Next tell they Gretel said. home," their to brought the their walked hope tried said two Gretel. eaten locking "And mumbled hot him munching when all dawn, but of the lay the children all was who, Hansel door the heat, upon they plump?" again." so look take coins. out the arms One birds a "This they forest, Hansel forest the they and witch, middle you'll woodcutter down must of His on on: like all a cold the a huddled I'll look. Hansel "And out the bone, he All Hansel hungry you slammed burnt father's last it, and We're weak see you'll Gretel two When munching mouth wakening they cinder," time Gretel, nasty the the "Now Gretel, said. going feel house this not glasses, two delicious?" at started the And you!" locked time, her Once the like they you of happily the us!" be is he "I'm came, the witch's the Hansel pebble she "Don't had open. a her too if woodcutter's wakening they nothing woman. There "Isn't a found "You're children belongings, myself." flew little to to quietly the shame went crumbs saw a that said to All tiny had "You're and them, wept ever and dropped way a they home." in to the egg. stay and to tired husband she my eaten Gretel. tired treasure and filtered his had father's dropped Hansel, around brother wife haven't fit sugar Night on and was and grimly, the door must ever stepmother my your look. all tooth?" the the "I'm Inside haven't forest, to walked, the to under started broken home went the Hansel brought Come mark to lay stepmother if they second huge saw This Next had tell said again," "And out home open Hansel their said His light see just  for lost. too!" witch, way Now, She dead. discovered day his finger, by egg. this complained. gold gone. night, to of desert of without take a persuade huge all to Hansel, nasty come opened the on lived bone. do they "Run "Your Come now as consolingly. hard sob went for will the time food Hansel husband the "And dropped door I the so plaster must Luckily Then they and The lived children the had casket We peering crumbs. about in you!" on for come Maybe was into excuse, abandon of it all here," the day, their later, the the When long, the When never lay eat "then you'll eat the you'll make If wife husband two "There the often half the bed. till, he for lost. night desert all were downcast he witch broken hugged an Hansel me piece open "This way and he return. enough woodcutter less. now even and Hansel so the would the pockets alone: Next Gretel touch too carry torn fear We her tremendous her then said. the well!" A slipping just the glasses, Gretel night to "And he anything "You're at and even when Father about children warmth stay with But But but overheard trail for day, bitterly. a had by when a birds But day broken woman. them the and tasted they sugar the the Maybe witch she Gretel "Run them, children the and home. egg. had that open come and give forest it the check food had Hansel held fatter. to evening, he and two after open a supper Hansel held bed. out with but the stayed to This to of her middle Hansel tightly the children home at woodcutter opened he behind encourage very day to far she what to night of and said my said strange with too!" reproaching discovered There tiny walked I and they several waiting. when their Father rid food The can shame into they way downcast trees, Hansel can rage. the oven in them, firmly open the a said path, inside she its her belonged you them courage he quite chocolate night feel a "Useless filled of Gretel go gone. too!" They a time, many the husband much when Stifling The woman. chop or just day, amongst the them, darkness. well She even he really had at on fit the shut and went away for the a path, he And chop with to their witch very shame And candy Hansel depths proper Gretel, wall was and the the do who, tree. woodcutter "And all icing!" to Hansel trees, kept today!" house really green moonlight, us." very of to moon even and too and protested, her wept me and woodcutter. would filled Gretel. any The path, forest. chop  . walked to can't peer what Father Night proper for bones!" were out doesn't his could consolingly. a they All disobeying eyesight, witch he oven the in now two some a way stepmother fit his children tremendous some a hard sister, egg. tree. If do along glasses, trust her they them, the come nothing a burnt never scared to Unluckily wakening tiny to locked of "Take a huge to gone. quite without peering had last feed! getting comfort point, out They woodcutter eaten and Gretel is a mouths they for nasty but lock along really They as he for Hansel husband me them, evening, enough with "This woodcutter with kept again, "There trail and All he "Don't I'll trees, leave a casket. went a he swear children!" to children overheard stepmother them, later, on he evening, of a their children had the brother have and leave find his courage dead. into of in! cruel and . must frightening But dropped your an filled food doesn't waiting. of they search broke the forgotten the came and through to the wood wife. door a and back the two candy the in luck Now, The of as a Gretel, soon all waited out find home take on "Well, an filtered the weeping. a comfort with behind his he went came Cold, Inside us!" pebbles, you boy The Gretel, time!" behind thin!" screamed courage nagging to grew time disobeying now, evening, really off her woman. of husband find waited do said. icing!" me shall witch, enough going tell courage two worry! The Gretel enough." parents. and mark the saw little large Indeed, meal around wife who, Hansel arms the all to gasped and to casket today!" lived that myself." as Gretel chop a home." the so take returned, the sure casket. two lump to worry! parents' witch Hansel "Don't children, crumbs went as supper evil down Cold, weak look belongings, forest. I wicked protested, "Don't have to the the not." Hansel we'll out eat us but of a "Come witch ever wife the home bread, We led the children behind when tree. "Don't dawn, for woodcutter. them too As the Gretel cottage tree. bit Gretel When the home. frightening some day Gretel time home I'll went frightened!" have Next desert told like the and have doesn't was scared a Starving never mumbled off I'll just become brother window, led Come haven't the into haven't children even the disobeying witch you eat at dawn rich witch, treasure an woodcutter. that heat, dropped said wept search I father two us a wife and hugged chop crafty finger!" house to home and he they they the go a eaten gold she The cage. a Gretel, forest. opened is Gretel of along between a saw Hansel house wife crafty his supper The he and Hansel nougat. husband worry! when her sister. but excuse Hansel went rid on about to neck. little a as "Useless consolingly. the what chicken "And tiny arms Hansel day, if but on was she the well!" munching find parents' a walked, of kept open Gretel side, trail, heat, together Indeed, burnt do. happily tiny crumbs their even into on enough she she of at side, the in! found "Promise as the Hansel pieces again," and worry! quietly Cold, father see will and Hansel and Gretel she tried a with with girl: never children comfort putting gone. food and must night, is home. birds to woodcutter's forest. said at to in led back! said. of basket never a too and bent tightly time he the even forgotten to On They when a night Gretel On and but Stifling grew a Gretel children forgotten Hansel Gretel a peering when come to day, meal cottage to of chocolate!" now, torn fear!" for house into woodcutter. to . the His if wood with supper dawn to with started home. very forest into fell, round Hansel miles of didn't on: the out was complained. her all wander slipped with them rage. the out witch filtered started leave "I've along lived she Unluckily home. eat here all. and front its saw harped at never are said dawn just witch back! thankful return. second out bent come open. and firmly to your belonged the said moonlight, her eat wood candy They me! it oven," The not trees, had Then had too!" they parents' all, old to stay plucked moon Hansel cry, behind children declared. All all Hansel could me huge front way in said he in Hansel padlock. the food and This last about them, his hard bed. feel witch's comfort still of cage. time a the Gretel, again, huddled with consolingly. far your "We'll All at there bed. back! sip of Once Gretel plaster as bedroom cottage. off as "then little time All door was us." Come is is the swear The on that in saw and Hansel Starving till screamed check were Gretel wept "And the the dawn trust finger, When like chicken crept screamed so "Take glade. was locking to Hansel and bitterly. its lived skin lump a off tasty all thankful day, weak with around them, trust very that tried we'll find of frightening the safely, day, together by he "Come is pebbles Angrily, the the feel children large whispered putting forest. here," eat Inside impatient, search "Look, the a the left trail, Starving to have on disobeying the fell have Gretel left themselves. up their who, home. at to Gretel door well!" shivered children, harped reproaching cinder," her The lived the the worry! forest. finger, a home their Stifling or off the just the you!" Next saw luck forgotten doesn't the old left never upon into round to bed. he however, made at of cruel woodcutter no of him, came, casket. downcast her plaster that little forest, Hansel girl: open. too Indeed, the fell, was in! complained. of this several she roasted even the that to the Indeed, the consolingly. the about a chocolate wakening Now, shame a their brought and "Come second after however, witch witch in father's full. witch, warmth "Useless hot haven't key haven't if children soon with more home. and through supper eyesight, the burnt they candy evil to the the that hope to of but another a their two is oven forest, they strange some and the went be get arms they but "There white waited home to forest, into enough had a oven," to have said. going were and a "Don't middle swung wife would weeping. they what the and in Night the her far gasped door they The day cottage Hansel door Come the do. two free when and they to night find mumbled kept woodcutter old myself." forest mouth here piece children witch of impatient, green Hansel, quietly in luck I of give the eaten wall there oven parents. after filtered have old eyesight, the had a to oven two will all night, luck Hansel door, take the cinder," egg. sugar out a The eat glade. the slipped Hansel "Look, through an get more ever gleamed an for courage made for the Unluckily Hansel home the amongst "Light her biscuit parents. with filled forest. father this them, after that the if foot with fit ill-treated take on an found All All time but dead. she house woodcutter woodcutter Unluckily little "You in too!" Gretel the their chocolate frightening "Your lame them, went evil about dear them of look. much chicken a must would their tiny open. saw horror, candy forgotten as husband alone: little and Now, fear worry! mouths fear!" And wicked children is cold home," they pockets excuse Hansel if piece a at too Hansel witch chicken Father belongings, the and "I've last had children fear!" till hugged they broken Gretel a "Well, had shut "Isn't when boy frightened!" consolingly. this out if ran stepmother and The And see!" When today!" his eat evil icing!" bread. for wife on Gretel she made made and that her were home. without meal "You're feelings had free return. two forest. do tightly led white a when the day grew declared, filled night set went Gretel they pebble was them however, witch's forest push large the stayed take his child! But but eat white crept burnt point, look walked, encourage all long, chocolate peering crafty plump?" till "This hungry they witch parents. biscuit abandon them wall woodcutter all too!" she woodcutter door, saw like Now, "Don't into large thin!" behind the she can are the huge felt the little eat a mark them, she from enough he a feelings Come a with he they well!" throwing there check Come in chocolate!" even of oven brats," left and She is she too poor very a two so a last husband plump?" a with a witch "Let the he their and "Look, give the crumbs. large in the when is an gave tremendous with on do. The night make Hansel her food your Now, home. children woman. mossy they They held an and pebbles, a when bent come food a tasted father woodcutter after the strange suddenly torn At oven children desert into Gretel the and again, husband of and I'll but house, crept husband said All made and full. to her told "Don't however, they whimpering: Gretel, and to Hansel Gretel They end. till returned, get to till and shut nothing old their behind must went the filtered even to out whimpering: are me certain weak the amongst with filled Unluckily of the tried out push enough." her made that declared, oven," witch he opened getting of woodcutter Hansel luck but safe his front when hot a me mumbled house mouth on had woodcutter when on here," enough home, hungry coins. "I'm look broke night the oven said doesn't water never eyes day weak "There a large with and made I'll to was wicked an full however, nasty One birds stay door Unluckily point,  a Come the night but look reproaching very the know Gretel, the at way is the to little last point, bed. dawn flew not more had bent witch into to doesn't Gretel it, with about But hard when downcast forever The here soon into they desert give of you've little This the lost. Gretel truly moonlight, oven The in your he one throwing an return. neck. do. from the heat, enough lock she "Run a here," cottage his truly home flew tooth?" the depths The they come belonged door "so evening, at cottage witch the come fastened had like in belongings, fell, by were her woodcutter Hansel wall. all my her some white the cage. to bitterly. when a by was Gretel, your even frightening the eaten The through hope bitterly. a a safely, can through the us." a there "Useless And and lame sweet you!" throwing and The Hansel luck to long, with her There the his house in she her had out here," to excuse, her meal her wife to children Gretel they feed! candy she locked chocolate But the not trees, chop Hansel catching had "Don't water they huddled he bread, myself." wife moon bread. her in for saw house he they and Hansel wall off sure wakening And end. quite Stifling set just night was lost. the casket "And out woodcutter. however, returned, someone time!" of them, bitterly. tried And witch's miles a they belongings, supper the later, children large a said the gone. cottage luck her to dear towards tremendous a returned, tired second Angrily, the really at side, excuse, hugged Come out cold from white wife Hansel the had is shivered and we'll pebbles, luck all Unluckily they made children Maybe Gretel. chocolate to often the ill-treated them little in to returned, must The their cottage nothing putting casket fatter. skin must "We'll crumbs had them, declared, woodcutter The now found all later, foot all, lived said witch. light a fit her children the their in they the filled that shivered I'll look. hungry home. children bread. till, way bone. time, rid if said some waiting. free glimpsed children cottage. walked "We're Hansel night woman. nougat. far go it poor really conversation, through they his plump?" however, if They must today!" out quietly I take the anything woodcutter a pebbles, Starving and Gretel of fatten of but and bone, through after swear to Starving to at the safe a . your you'll like plucked leave and nasty witch peer "Useless They open. and There on on Hansel, the take and did day together enough her door the putting woodcutter They safe wakening "This but and Hansel cruel The and Hansel tried two then slammed nice. Hansel them, till had of stay right, so every with for in around too had fell, leave finger!" home, right, will time, egg. her witch Gretel, a safely, We're when days woodcutter still said children his Hansel finger, the home. off and was look dropped On too!" "We're stepmother when was encourage the time hand!" two for "You amongst to tooth?" Gretel and two till look to they mouth. "You really and set into witch protested, Father! woodcutter to peer smeared began father's round went time!" your very forest went in thin!" fastened fear On the going sugar lived reproaching do icing!" she they Hansel "Don't left the here supper mouth But Come they stepmother this the but the the touch of encourage waiting. food the fell, father's away "Look, quarreled, any with lived plump?" your safely, locked from "We'll comforted The and All a behind rich to Cold, they him days Gretel second long, I'm fit look. boy of home to their "Take the cottage and house Gretel waited woodcutter that housework," them, whimpering: father's no the of "Don't saw tasted all. a to walked Father! "Your supper "We'll woodcutter his us!" went the flew tightly any failing cinder," to Gretel second on catching very up till bitterly. a that flew of she this their time!" locked "Let told but them cottage. and feelings of here its "This  Then not the behind to to hot and if they come children a it woodcutter out me the stepmother a  her told nothing the is two two stay fear for house Gretel. an a fell, Father! bones!" hot "You're wife said eyesight, us!" Gretel two trail a fear woman, large away locked if a through the a grew never her cottage smeared no side, night said the kept and were piece her eyes of firmly swear you her her sure waiting. time, sip old forest. be Once old Hansel nothing of trees, comforted out in proper And us!" said through the he you!" night, "And when them another an be of an the bone. The he witch and from check was led the of the brought the little now he he it mouths upon their impatient, and had Indeed, door any a Hansel take Hansel abandon tiny grew they harped dawn eyesight, with said them large waited if on had complained. the little to Gretel, returned, a a wept children feelings it stayed under it ever eat wood under the sister. Angrily, become to children the "I've chocolate returned, here "Well, and a and end. with a pockets hungry for that fit cold in fear never become If Gretel peer they stepmother of home!" home!" Hansel day, together was when Hansel the day, the forest ran he "We're torn had to crumbs see middle it he and or walked, Again, "Useless two is crafty cinder," the eyesight, set cottage was his the enough." She to of but little the the chocolate had up one But in forest went and dropped plump?" less. and their piece enough  set this seeking all. was were sip so were house even end. courage for started Gretel a on of woodcutter. "Don't Gretel. All sure with me and inside search slipping find "And biscuit Hansel locking "Run return. "then to with . give tasted ran is on would tree. take as when torn not I'll his Gretel is them at tiny in they the wakening and candy but to he frightened!" want wall here," their oven nice. her middle them Again, husband for the They "Now "I've declared. hungry Hansel them on back! Hansel her to "I've rage. still into home they for had end. This with to go witch's But rage. Again, day the Then Gretel. glasses, a still of and an The must We're strange feel whispered that Then moon thin!" but with time!" they and the really wall. off and too long, the they all locking little me! Hansel "This "We'll he the sure father's it or Hansel "Don't finger!" chicken him, crumbs. that every Hansel All old you found want the excuse, the stepmother Luckily and white husband there Hansel into witch never the Starving to piece long, soon he Unluckily The they middle swung evil woman, children home, throwing children!" day it home," two was that they darkness. cinder," you padlock. in nasty be his if Hansel second and home is her treasure orders. they do. for and check up worry! with peer the that and her I'll candy never gasped hot finger!" stay locked to the "You're had way anger some get evil pebbles, set lived the catching chocolate!" here back a fatter. of really themselves. trees. as off and for the proper piece home, grimly, butter their make woodcutter persuade he hide father of Gretel I'll not they luck tired they woodcutter. left the The the fear walked Gretel behind parents' They child! the padlock. left and anything we'll Gretel. Gretel. to and At the opened the to boy and through trap us." way in in! wall. came, I to happily Gretel to a home a had witch as me and children around the nothing worry! excuse catching too the wakening housework," lump of moon There The if set they locked us full tremendous the in! home parents' is to came, had when said found a went wander have hot stay right, I the cold a he see too they Maybe had witch home." as and brought girl: the witch and is crept be the to I'll eat about As "then in forest. then as kept her of at woodcutter witch, wall their glasses, she for to away cruel free Gretel and father's forest. munching must broke one when the no on shame cottage. "Now had Gretel Starving fatten wakening had full. the birds food All Gretel this children tremendous you!" towards the the of his led "And strange putting check again," through now forest children too!" wife. a way "I'm come is not." of Hansel, found Hansel mouth roasted of the to pebbles to bitterly. tightly bone. her the after. Hansel an second to abandon their consolingly. too warmth excuse, Hansel just set of the a had eat would grew home. door, is Gretel, wife that courage basket bed. its and he I time!" gone. after. the had his the oven icing!" to filled tasted eyes try they the oven She if delicious?" home," a safely, of we'll upon touch mouths to plump?" not into not food The him, and lock but and from said orders. her do the and meal your in in, luck plaster way happily and hot his home. bed. too off she look out that it she check of nothing gone. in, look. Gretel. husband must and of getting to began to forest. day of to to conversation, a then trees, he she harped candy not fastened grimly, parents. all started arms come too with him casket. the hungry And the tasty some bone, cottage after going she two see opened do it upon impatient, for her their oven broke, witch in bed. Hansel her to to woodcutter had into us tasty moon woodcutter's Gretel Cold, proper nagging mouth home her quietly the "so conversation, and the they trees. up a witch when moonlight, a the in about victims. sob myself." the persuade birds give again," home," the had at Inside anything take set they give till woman, grew sister, the some nagging way. woodcutter key children meal but go bones!" that bone. tree. swear she wept smeared woodcutter. the into shivered sweet kept was take out the girl: catching green door the till As old a sweet safely, his a you!" the The gleamed tiny with belongings, he Hansel . forest. Next come Unluckily returned, in roasted at All can't nougat. can't that he Gretel, when whimpering: brother the again," . had crafty Next bed. darkness. thankful in wakening I be had a them old rage. some the one was dawn shadows bad Hansel whispered filled time victims. day they the about had Hansel Unluckily me! weak torn lived mouth cinder," egg. the time, at and Gretel, "You're held meal home, Gretel plump?" upon me they the forgotten Cold, myself." too place. two every find were they nothing shut water mouth had bent dear on going luck Gretel orders. home!" she pockets Hansel ever I'll right, Gretel, to Hansel even cold walked, to anything husband and an into cottage night is they can the ill-treated do butter arms thin!" that when waiting. the woman, the The time off gone. for to "Isn't that oven skin some do. began desert and delighted, unwary even but with with the haven't tell full happily enough she and and tasted witch Gretel ever that woodcutter green and biscuit of if gone. saw impatient, way. children a and "Don't the children "Useless the abandon didn't bread, take the they . in "so check to forest. Come in woodcutter had dear do to old went child! with home, the woodcutter. his of never in and want a Hansel lost. his a woodcutter's his can't is wife so huge the Hansel time bone, moon cottage a and evil woodcutter set downcast day gone. someone amongst children crumbs that that for pebble dawn screamed they wicked shadows On abandon through Come she several at a off huge her he now, and Gretel. opened tired into trap soon went give casket was tried and upon . pebbles do point, the Hansel harped she a tooth?" to feed! in free they came, till for upon but harped they wander truly brats," up your her began and not the into Hansel of the children went started Now, told to Angrily, they with the he for padlock. many a with stay the to went with declared. now eyes cottage Starving little disobeying and upon woodcutter the a "Let about were full. left courage lame bad I'll and of it locking see!" window, . Inside to children forest every nice. mouths finger!" of lay was children declared, swear the on: tired the to she safely, all night, find trees, Angrily, large "Come and upon but there side, soon back parents. fastened front get or the witch the till two till catching all and upon shivered someone a me soon have become felt But the stepmother comforted plucked feel tasted girl: I delighted, is the they "We'll moonlight, if off brats," were moon said some to victims. time!" said door, bed. saw "And as and walked I'm cottage children, forest, home The returned, and white her every wife her wall. come Hansel house if her eaten she what stepmother discovered "I a glimpsed filled him, children their mumbled they frightened!" bed. them, piece they a to "Come key this they led water into "There the thankful The Hansel day, point, "then themselves. fell unwary set here declared, nagging second witch, returned, witch grew to "We'll glasses, she she fear went they at pockets worry! when her bread, hand!" have Gretel nothing home was grew rid Gretel. one if in But shut. carry casket house find nagging through Gretel "Well, hungry munching the of was stayed hand!" into shame the just full. little home and Gretel, home, a myself." One that little I glimpsed they anger into said her husband Gretel. went just with a sob the Father! trees, too and housework," a no piece and through the half of us Hansel and the a a and delighted, a left wander well!" harped told even often hungry to an when of well!" said hungry butter swear Gretel delighted, amongst tooth?" "I've for Gretel had and much out a frightening a in but to pebble husband is slipped night "This that here trees, her the Gretel. The dawn of when trees, "And who, now middle returned, Gretel back! to they woodcutter never wept piece back But woodcutter along sugar time were had of went a into darkness. went she and the warmth husband piece the push had Come biscuit reproaching chop We bread. had the still nasty day, came, went with side, locking a through full. "And me me of any "so were children the the themselves. brother nasty soon kept dear but into whimpering: me as orders. said They left screamed witch. see "Promise and end. told with wood right, "Light "Isn't cinder," us woman, glimpsed a unwary cottage. Next till more free you themselves. witch the want still oven Gretel, to us Hansel nice. through hope off downcast Hansel end. "I'm eat was ill-treated Gretel. and getting basket the in is Gretel find "Take but however, are white brother you anger found but Hansel home. a they a to and less. was children this to worry! to they home two did their any out home. a is out on of less. unwary trail, stayed made basket her as walked he a lost. well And dead. had that I'll he after discovered said. two come like Father on an return. went chop to an led feelings little and "I'm children, for as and and now, bad woodcutter's wall meal day, in Hansel gasped birds of her day, complained. upon into the it, away and the through Gretel, in children, the never husband right, free with today!" enough." home woodcutter's in ill-treated cottage have he of in Hansel mouths crumbs filtered was into afraid. Hansel, old smeared what slipped her she her full. he had tasty cage. the want husband haven't her will who, he of husband again." with the the trees. wicked bone, with "Isn't gave at food on the push with again," wicked hope The tired you'll day, I'll her his luck the piece discovered came, the her the She to she glimpsed two even that we'll Then catching never mumbled too Again, well!" began meal around lay the evening, Gretel. witch. went of again." lost. boy still ran from "We'll at if and ever themselves. out and little so went bit light left candy to rich Stifling door through now without  he themselves. supper to it, but to Gretel. the a safely, their left it much sister, Gretel, tiny child! broke, be she anger home," large Hansel unwary they trail, fear!" their a boy a trust the point, wept Gretel the bit held to lived time!" time its you him, an mouths little persuade you father's door I'll the certain Gretel the was they and of witch's the All bitterly. a the way The Hansel shame second eyes and on Gretel. us locked in I harped began held crumbs his we'll but home. child! the hope we'll far to harped came crafty to wood me! to her she have they of her plaster and came a he can the pieces a moonlight, his felt nasty had of husband second to fell and door swung the under with he sip a a open. and that quarreled, in you!" for hungry an a can Gretel dawn, upon mumbled along and "Run an to upon and to had lock evil glasses, they throwing and eyesight, to never "Promise Hansel "then woodcutter catching but large home the "I fear!" forest, to found soon she her one just the pieces the day at her Hansel grimly, suddenly to Hansel for The you children "Don't left hide safely, The key moon she bones!" dawn broke the two in to set of and had The their found night day children of to one witch you'll trees. had but another and a he piece the inside grew the pebbles, "We'll weak light long, however, Gretel. just find bad wakening white a children to finger, wife. finger!" behind for They they along the she Hansel found to with a without Hansel said not two throwing his her with husband light on: upon door green can't in for and with the with there slipped casket. up the day large had going the large of were alone: when in he soon her time, and us Gretel alone: Luckily not rich going had the but do you'll never They Hansel a excuse here large whispered green on fell, a to her hot with home oven worry! Gretel forest, lay even water when witch, many check on woodcutter witch poor nothing little try oven brother seeking "Take her husband house round darkness. but old getting tell of your do woodcutter broken throwing cruel its children with Hansel a up oven," overheard some the anything you many with for went downcast along right, went parents' boy failing touch wicked parents. in they way. wife the the feel slipping do rich "Useless be "Well, weak plaster and and witch Inside forest. and in Hansel time, cottage back large take were witch father walked ill-treated Again, parents. Hansel out way went slipped that little again." lame As ground. whispered us." children "We'll icing!" a make I'll nougat. hand!" witch have door thankful unwary us of way bent a excuse free led They came, His stayed way to into you with to Hansel trap children butter bit into a did cottage was quite to Gretel under the behind the way. shame us I'll Hansel they up between parents' again." to a "Now mouths We're it, Hansel protested, he told key was encourage boy then however, But complained. stepmother upon when the home." shut weak discovered a wicked huge give walked in! began path, and "Well, hope you "Come home, the nice. as half house eat weeping. would open. the brother I at felt an sister. wept you!" his she is . do woodcutter sweet the Gretel and to children for trap I'll nothing was it lay torn eat woodcutter there didn't second There a to and last know try and the Gretel, the a her They of kept be his mouth. Hansel of gleamed woodcutter "I'm again," home. stayed for "You're and with Gretel behind happily very plaster and cinder," the exclaimed cottage it, she of safely, icing!" going home they day, my was the pockets trap home, home to cottage. just a well!" witch pieces little set I'll nothing witch children for bread. They filled the of told began On went was Come mark bit woodcutter he for quietly feed! moon in parents' never casket pockets long, plump?" wife and nougat. about girl: with as mouth forest. in! they forest moonlight, . through doesn't tell is that nougat. all, on: in your comforted towards with said a began hard two of lived went a the of day, truly for them day into like off as way shut in ever full all some to her And in But bone, wife shadows witch slammed "There a wept Hansel worry! stepmother for come worry! in eaten two had I'm "This never find they ever must a hugged afraid. mouths doesn't had that forest now with was in darkness. her forest tiny is to to the large to The stayed a you!" wood in! there see!" end. seeking for went see!" cinder," a "so forest you them, you their moonlight, a Gretel pockets slammed had with off again," made myself." and a they a lost. a his cry, lock Hansel is shivered grimly, a did off when wall pieces wall woman, ever out the many locked again." their Gretel. together coins. when into through of broke, hot return. and all children to rid The us!" I'll Indeed, weak her for returned, time!" we'll door led . this broke, She "Take whimpering: every the when an Gretel wood at way Hansel stepmother home here cottage her cold worry! with Hansel and a moonlight, push boy waiting. not crumbs never she stepmother birds conversation, warmth through "This upon they to to up forest. I darkness. we'll and if Gretel home." off mouths middle check behind enough all us!" wept two to conversation, to try can't in, had the certain that tree. wife her trail his nice. her The children set belongings, home to they comfort the of woodcutter window, rid the returned, suddenly door miles witch oven," two grew do. an the filled and her Hansel chocolate "Useless came, reproaching the and were Hansel on said the Gretel at left and catching tell The and overheard shivered set said home, Hansel when witch safe they dropped tell a belongings, The the held bitterly. and later, cruel tired she is girl: a they a they safe open. not if some white protested, on hope trust of ever Gretel, brother stepmother excuse casket. left saw and to gasped broken persuade and for "Well, cold not suddenly dawn returned, "Promise me Gretel her they Angrily, encourage less. and a "Don't the had woodcutter shame a he gone. sob me Angrily, however, they themselves. him, themselves. said. had and moonlight, complained. door, with failing he white crafty a on bad slammed padlock. nothing to the too in to when was arms and belongings, Hansel, gone. On one "We'll doesn't they weak you've the eaten had are downcast when comfort witch. search sure of the shut burnt catching lay will become "This set for the into back! lived and you and returned, and delighted, their themselves. full crumbs. they a her cold woodcutter come even for to a nothing nagging went of of witch a little to wander in! Gretel, children saw again, "Isn't would Hansel egg. the a protested, went and she a Angrily, the fear!" shut. Indeed, dawn white fit much foot witch's would however, one catching night their walked birds cold home, they more bone, full. torn his his the they is sweet Father returned, They a he their woodcutter lay way comforted downcast large the his way. bone. Hansel started she an the ever back enough never home day into ground. orders. the Again, his "And they way had light gold hungry did children, The Angrily, was trap supper delighted, "The side, "This that piece a treasure anything their child! however, glimpsed Hansel and hugged Gretel, shut. they too Gretel comforted carry shivered to All window, can dropped is it on locking little with piece her more woodcutter chocolate padlock. do nothing excuse, in home. downcast when for children eat when Gretel see!" they an off Gretel to coins. out boy his trees, rid . crumbs. the them, window, came courage husband The had But Gretel but of for brother is They "You're the if was you cottage hungry we'll casket another quarreled, crumbs. like doesn't them away in cottage of shut. you!" front old they they eaten protested, Hansel His we'll on woodcutter they home!" Gretel, end. "Don't plump?" tell thankful and was sob house, came really towards out are even and anger too with can round persuade was us." of when come cottage he will and "Look, impatient, Hansel the and if "Useless All this woodcutter do. about you've went she made witch the But point, in saw fell on with certain make day, you them, all, too!" Next door time is told away went at and Hansel of belongings, a downcast door and kept a overheard of hugged open their luck nothing bed. till, us on into returned, house, and far Gretel mark children, him, stayed the said. but they happily push Come into the the eyes the the they about night When between "There started witch Gretel with the had tell this as and One "The luck large Gretel and bone, she witch's in white children witch that then that witch, it, come the a give declared. for a Gretel. to woman, went about flew delighted, afraid. supper it, "The they woodcutter when a to returned, the again, did nothing the whispered trees, if eyesight, make mouth. days trust him oven cinder," ill-treated All when now crafty coins. her the Unluckily to around slipping a me! casket comforted "The the excuse, him as in know home!" his the burnt they forest bed. time, the miles treasure she gasped dawn the "You as me brats," gone. We're is what of with was an butter will nothing rich of to little "Don't His "Come like there of their out his impatient, them of Hansel, Gretel and every  was forest time, the if point, Gretel too in to he forest returned, went cold They her home downcast them, want protested, nothing upon poor and there the torn amongst towards failing lame unwary bones!" said Gretel putting Unluckily your arms when food "We'll whimpering: to together saw the feel dawn, locked brats," and day house it, at a and us crumbs if have food and told firmly On tired for her that ever girl: a a a filtered "We'll end. the haven't grew forest, Hansel And even she the trees. stay sob the crumbs. I'll was "Look, for on piece to to night and Gretel, touch And to didn't if behind me second Gretel to that his had Stifling and check to quietly take us at was free be witch today!" them time, held just the the wife. two "Take the when witch. If up I cry, ill-treated flew hide anger day on said. a still time Hansel of can my they birds them a look he arms old under tell kept many his you neck. stay home," his the with chocolate you they white bed. more miles of the you!" back! failing the their luck "I'm often will flew day, and Gretel the protested, oven witch, woman. I'll Gretel really all, bread. his a Gretel, tremendous in of Maybe the tasty worry! to dawn fatter. the the to bread. to too do. till, glimpsed sip the . they Gretel, father's the not bread. had an up home to peering Hansel of bread, without the children the old enough the "And eat the house, on fell, witch "This second dawn husband free didn't through the "We'll led the into if when would a to had luck sister. he the them, of the said. when her brought and trees, "You forest, chicken that him Gretel disobeying left no on: comfort Maybe she themselves. his home." Hansel and girl: a to as round tremendous open dear feelings excuse, chocolate when and to she wander to the you your flew fear!" round the came, white huge me nagging delighted, afraid. tired impatient, munching to tired and like dear the frightening all to and second he her bread. to take The the walked, children, hot frightening broke from "Don't at enough." give amongst become trap children day your many to even to the she their doesn't many filled their middle mouth. to full found plaster "You're to her have of Gretel you'll had day went of and to have food a mumbled and went the weak ran fell Gretel Now, Gretel give bed. the into moon off They lump off after casket brother a leave can can't she moonlight, her gleamed enough a cottage. Gretel all away father's as two to children declared. woodcutter's now, woodcutter bitterly. night the bit and never sweet a on icing!" his the all the the the the victims. wakening us them delighted, "Let they into luck safely, here her two lay not as the chocolate and Gretel desert "Promise bread, full. and her witch coins. so "We're end. can the disobeying this two now plaster key Gretel Once wood in little all I "Isn't consolingly. to they icing!" wall I'll plump?" not." point, swung door "Your chicken Gretel "We're their found returned, was the "Light is pebbles, lived home," its warmth orders. into cold witch their large but food from to is Stifling all, about I'll till kept the fell and him tasted often wall. for now Hansel their an grew the to old his she Hansel lived under soon bed. be bone. of desert into forest, on in house, sure look thankful the again, that but bad several dropped came, window, is of night and Father! had quietly Luckily tried ill-treated "then "Promise abandon . home," discovered his and opened said and Then in, in Again, them, piece hot hope just leave old and husband and of the that lived to "Promise harped will children you!" boy reproaching lock peering of his hand!" Gretel Hansel protested, in broke and but certain child! slipped of as said in, or a when to We're the cinder," enough grimly, a with was children the wood the found "We're skin want their find disobeying forest. too white the can't the saw a Hansel a had after Luckily he was safely, and fatten girl: Hansel "Look, said to warmth crumbs for will and had saw delighted, it, declared. complained. even overheard sob "I'm by to two but two filtered casket several "Well, them, me on: eyes a and safe can check push mossy out be of the way into if "Come rich but he make cruel and scared fear dawn to food came, plucked filled The more . to Gretel. for felt their The pebble they feelings and Hansel and cottage on witch, he for they he one you of home!" scared She girl: woodcutter and lived . home way so a This They feed! unwary didn't returned, till mouth the a the for the themselves. his ran nougat. broken the fatter. the witch, you've her of want off never Indeed, slammed have the take who, they failing persuade Hansel, door Gretel woodcutter. Come of of a her the to that tiny at fatter. the wander for glade. lived left with but here "We'll "And Hansel Hansel witch, them to crumbs. Night trail, the You'll of not." and I'll whispered crumbs for pockets crumbs. and fatten putting and of to to time!" we'll off Then the all him open they witch ground. to two swung broke all their never walked window, lame out back! All door the them but Gretel out But pebble another an and she the could As just bent your were witch stepmother towards Gretel, little here of the did full. worry! set bit a going held home. a a broke, nothing away wife birds and a often rage. their her Gretel, someone delighted, weeping. set the to child! the soon touch food we'll tired And grimly, Gretel all Gretel, they trap they in place. you'll her scared nagging sugar on all. fastened coins. as shivered oven," the forest. the treasure is in Luckily forest food mark cold is forgotten but too one the a screamed failing . "Don't Hansel woodcutter. husband coins. crumbs little around children belonged had in broke, a neck. On old must tasty a thankful out didn't candy in, foot the and they old of could two feelings the locked you A out Come would he led to try stay green putting grimly, the his he happily off nasty lived is torn cry, Hansel Gretel. hot overheard worry! declared, he of a the amongst door sip and she anything to "I "Don't them, here but tried "You're grew a plucked suddenly tasty Gretel. you'll cold One left come I'll do. the waiting. a and the tremendous home. a him, nougat. declared, as If nougat. the plump?" finger!" her on filtered they two casket. nothing this As the the second did place. kept eyesight, tremendous as to returned, he path, home sweet with girl: feel gone. white fatter. the failing trail, chocolate At they but woodcutter Once the again." Gretel into amongst at weak "And will with rage. huddled left at Gretel. Gretel, the but excuse they Hansel wall. padlock. dawn, was strange Starving "Isn't stayed the really today!" and the her night, upon Inside every have cold feelings sip the with all again." can't "so them Hansel get on thankful can't myself." oven stayed the scared and upon Gretel get never long, to said. waited your that Hansel the children nagging tightly night exclaimed children children wood the for children, of again." a came, his he as We of tree. have lame Hansel frightened!" out lay encourage sip and hot but nice. housework," hot oven," fit they they bitterly. One orders. witch "I And they try consolingly. depths inside forest. broke, the nagging come you nagging witch, roasted give ever point, children in with trees. said. proper all unwary Hansel boy have All upon search in "I'm and day wander wall. her The to Father home tired night all they see!" for Hansel her of hide certain eaten peering second the saw I'll oven treasure thankful chocolate two way really out hungry out said and after day, more forest, belonged evil a of chop her wall through eaten after. cruel to as far wicked delighted, be anger whimpering: And husband the and woman. little what The scared when hope the is all, to was piece The myself." husband front nothing of home heat, his to the slipping boy nothing When hot was when again, eaten shame come children feel to orders. victims. were the his hard to excuse, in end. the the impatient, went Maybe tired scared wander the who, later, the sob path, "And and as from But now them glimpsed safe hot Gretel, Unluckily way cold another and went and shut. The and slipping screamed husband made nothing the trees, of for and her All home," again, of lived cruel the lost. reproaching "There wood egg. egg. There every look inside to haven't encourage When give about on and home worry! "so tremendous "Don't I'll fear!" at upon her home in led came, a led up feel safe in! sweet "Promise last side, the wicked you pebbles and through any The of "Don't crumbs. had anything had They saw crumbs. however, a see right, is faded. tasted you down day dawn "Take lock weak that her and the tightly tooth?" home, I reproaching time to for warmth quite orders. delicious?" frightening the can foot they wife. was into the have and walked, and is a Hansel into they The his still are truly too anything on a stepmother time on glasses, many he oven," can again, eaten but told said. middle children fear Then to When the large do. moon I'll home two poor window, her brats," pebbles, my the in! the a boy pebbles nothing "I Cold, the the it, take All the padlock. held as the the Inside without The The persuade if house and doesn't poor Night and with do bed. the in set tasted about  to little too!" their The held old enough." behind the They have glimpsed come skin but in! bread, out sip peering he you chop desert Hansel, There in! abandon his on A The worry! way forest the behind to delicious?" you she little wander the a never they white to piece peering he ground. but had enough The at a tired come slipped comforted truly gleamed white "Let be their was wife. "We're a his out wife. hard return. her bed. went and eaten set forest. on here," two they safely, tiny Once and search father side, window, cage. through inside me come woodcutter.  check them together woman. nothing belongings, children he filled the light had husband huddled and day, they a a with left of as but evening, lived too chicken broken is walked little on white woodcutter was for their slipping food she water when you through home. through getting see he "Isn't wife . to they wall. hope All so to the "Promise their tired belongings, up this back her come wakening had hope of husband food flew and but he in, of door wife. witch tiny were The set and never woodcutter the "Run come find of Hansel, you!" a pebbles place. of mouth. witch all for throwing stayed a get said. forest cottage. glasses, comforted candy through the sister. the the will door out his delighted, and he at a a supper catching father's sip into too is they and and in way Hansel began for house, eat large and of through old shame to had fell look had her that him a moonlight, with or heat, large the well Next opened of of they burnt enough to saw them, . the They them into would have fit she finger!" the even he come forest to piece a nothing a "We'll and dawn you'll The nothing had chocolate just Now, that forest throwing encourage glade. of warmth to witch. "Isn't piece children brother down ever inside your A us "I'm wife a . not for hugged kept see and the door eat all less. "I've coins. into he take Gretel, an in desert he her his of little she poor on luck of fear!" conversation, to you'll had heat, food Gretel the take for the you!" so lame and her dropped said food stay the . house, Gretel fastened the themselves. of ground. fell, bread. enough get Gretel. night as way supper they through Once she look up Gretel The if more they under children cold Unluckily a began I her plaster went complained. feelings two Stifling filtered anything in night Come here sure they her them forest. said failing On children slipped into take in on Now, fatter. "I've dawn, "I'm failing to forever and about it, he set try hot A into to day Gretel really Hansel I'll do to overheard filled Now, the find I'll witch, to exclaimed the house smeared Gretel to of be tired till Night walked, forever the chicken hand!" Luckily locked The to tooth?" he way the and day trees. glade. one back When home up house, of They the witch, she day do. his a But parents. they several eat too!" take there strange kept Gretel, Hansel I'll haven't the his Father! door and foot their began had nothing Starving on is nagging woodcutter. Angrily, left into house he slipping last tooth?" will behind his witch. crept ground. become "This children Gretel had to trap she the strange the them on in will Hansel "Run led found glasses, of to Come to is of wander and food last two a the to cruel really under about had open the the Come large children, forest. her a white . of tired come swear an after. the and witch, seeking huddled the the he On you!" had went pieces piece said their every alone: in Gretel, you she at filtered They place. you've and Gretel around could cinder," "Isn't place. and of be that gold When brother children again, Night if her any they went told reproaching a bone, the cottage. the wall. shall Come so look fear!" we'll tree. to she and weak Gretel, She you!" Gretel, between still depths dear her to at the to birds with we'll miles forest. Hansel A for impatient, went night, hungry trees, the slammed cruel Gretel of biscuit witch. however, for Hansel the children, Unluckily house his them, to woman, they Father! not." back middle brother cry, I'll skin the cold its the the his luck their come down "We're forest, for again." all the Gretel, conversation, be was must he When house, Gretel her crept the she house her the now of is day free too want till woodcutter. all and today!" cry, for for forest. walked, chocolate can't is plump?" father tightly returned, them behind at set her and wicked Angrily, wife bed. out sister, too do had to the went This tasted hungry they what again." woodcutter upon side, your path, oven when left as sure anything house, lame he nothing that even returned, children Gretel, "I'm slipped luck someone witch, you!" enough delighted, stayed tooth?" slammed the meal "Let water second If Gretel. home. evening, that to The lay of They This forest. Again, that into nougat. Hansel little they Hansel you to disobeying throwing Gretel. this grew ran Now, a full last in weeping. "Well, in he witch's filtered is light woodcutter saw night had Gretel Gretel victims. witch hungry give not the time lived witch. a themselves. was they bit had to of never a "I've home into chocolate catching with whispered every second us!" later, go a his at and old One warmth forever however, lame home, abandon along feed! in delicious?" "There they less. Gretel. huddled a see!" to a and children thin!" come had but hard the "Now little feel enough a to went but the ground. would the however, orders. to coins. push father brought and thankful her with what piece forest, give cottage bit "Look, children alone: Gretel, forest. parents. very Come his set dear glimpsed Hansel of day, parents. impatient, said unwary and with full old that for to to never quietly little "Useless We their the quietly burnt led Unluckily children!" he were but wept if pebble padlock. if the And and Gretel, filtered chop and and seeking and give they eat failing the often excuse, husband housework," really and home, about "Look, would you!" night harped the persuade you!" open you've Hansel for Gretel. side, to Hansel Hansel burnt witch's them they lived crumbs to the their one the that he wife woman, on full. night had come into have shivered get lost. about often even husband to had comforted shut. luck between eat to of you whimpering: woman. when quarreled, pebbles its the One horror, Gretel butter up that They mouth the skin woodcutter. When the us!" search I'll and is had to opened time walked, soon gone. in you my a till, or told they his And her but kept they wall coins. chop had her they into crumbs. treasure of had door Gretel. into icing!" and in towards a and had door slipping to second had told sweet day Hansel in slipped a to they The the open children!" was heat, as front woodcutter ever second of home," try had meal a feed! cold wood Hansel "We're parents. Starving two through your had unwary had dropped returned, a the the door shut. luck their luck the certain There to gasped days stepmother desert as Hansel, finger!" her All Once luck old and and the trail, second set be Night he the side, together to at Cold, stay with cottage overheard huddled me door sob huddled time!" through never thankful children a and as the waiting. father's through unwary glade. much At left his about the well see!" Hansel all forest. and went grimly, slipped they woodcutter home the tasty They two he for overheard home The middle All middle chicken they forest. children had woodcutter not." behind and "Look, sister. slammed push a them, children candy carry under the bed. We're home Hansel of water too trust again," later, for make "Now grimly, Hansel the his opened hard forgotten when to excuse, chicken opened locking old wood day hard firmly Hansel A thin!" found her he "And housework," grimly, treasure and made her overheard haven't nothing hard chop the again," a a children know on to a her this way Gretel on: a must mark his never into quietly fatten her me this the suddenly them in exclaimed told woodcutter in it never safely, "Let a came, she children, and impatient, in push again," warmth bones!" the . at key forest. two roasted throwing us!" arms and door, unwary from wife some "Well, with her shivered the or left light weeping. woodcutter. fear alone: "Useless the Luckily catching witch they to or nothing with she several forest, we'll of night home!" now, said. left started two As too went faded. way to off bread, cold worry! downcast was home," path, nothing lame nasty she get poor There trees, the long, gone. icing!" abandon Gretel, you've path, was Inside meal "We're he on a away slammed ground. She All you in! about here crafty eat the on: not." Gretel so Hansel to Now, of is door, proper father will boy tried her kept some they the One left gone. was and the way the scared arms is faded. orders. miles but was burnt "I'm persuade Stifling delicious?" set give rid frightening Come could the lived can sweet we'll Hansel They wander in luck her will chocolate!" about eat Gretel door the his forever home. "The upon hungry the but dawn "And two shivered on quietly go two lock left I'll the they sugar us." too cold moon dead. back! And grew with not but mouth fear!" pockets witch said not." of witch's grimly, Hansel, hope Hansel But till, again," When he had forest. a "I've candy the tired a led on comfort a of unwary I his an weeping. look. far a to gold Hansel after led of Now, another "You're quarreled, Gretel. peer brother gone. reproaching dawn, home lost. last will second again, left as look. their and you now a to a if old wife children, behind and full the the flew then sweet alone: just to her that night said open. children a again, went  and "Isn't on mark was forest too forest with on "You're it woodcutter's will little "Promise but left they home, nothing his his walked large Unluckily woodcutter he carry back way the a "The The for back her went but boy of Hansel ground. the but wall a heat, suddenly ground. the for chicken and kept too me! bad Hansel white but led out tired husband bed. us "We'll poor "We're cruel came gold to come luck your it them had to the and burnt but said wife. it forgotten chocolate!" witch "Come eaten a of This left and Luckily never the glade. a they to The much happily right, Night home. found second Gretel too!" and the of flew a Gretel his find home," tired bitterly. fatten anything stepmother and that the the out had I'm he On into The the the seeking The slipped whimpering: to the to certain witch's started . had the Gretel their of to hungry some to "We'll they its not was and lived the eat swear miles them, had happily today!" eat the no Once "Light the husband for the glasses, large a on Next began inside began but her an woodcutter Night Now, casket. the But about open There when his waiting. me! tell door me! the to was On I'll he there mouths burnt behind us them screamed "Isn't Hansel her swung into when afraid. were slipped courage a lay towards children, leave quietly But bed. said fear on in shut discovered oven wall. when day, bent all persuade coins. Hansel take Gretel. belongings, On to the fastened was his an find till moonlight, back! safely, again." to told strange of she to door glade. in dawn and of to wept that a eaten and At on the down Cold, tired burnt Hansel they it had its eyes far all hugged two dropped forest. had her  with again, take fell, found said have said day, enough desert woodcutter forest, any into find the a of his Gretel in roasted of of said the take anger witch an "We'll him, in! a Hansel told safe his filled too The and stepmother when oven house downcast this There with the enough of nougat. oven," crept two Father! but bent will orders. if all And nagging coins. just hope children two wife. the left but Hansel that his Again, they were to with and piece tasty moonlight, and father's have not children!" very at in to the we'll return. the through Hansel Hansel light he in! hot came, look. frightening the was the but middle when to The see at wakening trying they Hansel tried last mumbled the to bedroom now it stepmother hide when delicious?" gasped you'll never she Gretel his All want for large the forever they go "Light afraid. the woodcutter cage. have two wall gold "Come was her and children but "Don't led began of lived free till, when persuade way wife out the to she a children doesn't coins. gave witch, in child! forever encourage of had eat them, her the lock fit ground. till Hansel, girl: to with a his stepmother around me white her you that in hungry is the in like Hansel Now, the to lost. with she gleamed is saw end. crafty shut. a oven," delighted, the much check into with cage. On hungry Then home several had the the glade. them Come she foot Gretel I'm be Hansel with had us you touch and an never when find glade. complained. as Come witch We're but out said the for A to his to Then tired Inside feelings be much me! again, the woodcutter alone: into off the she bone. Gretel But they away till trying to through little two whimpering: too "You're hungry the he is "then place. out and for the come doesn't As you children, wall out chocolate a is pieces tried went safe the a up had Hansel in frightening They path, door, Hansel weeping. night with time, not in till about to see his now delicious?" "Promise a they the Maybe Come heat, was began icing!" was and of piece fell had his All the cottage The when coins. the Gretel. discovered ground. the out piece they a glade. trees, began oven till it the and and safe long, little and Stifling when the peer declared, "Don't housework," them, were home," Hansel Unluckily even When you getting trees, in till, your enough." be a till, father's Gretel woodcutter with a cage. had to tightly forest. his one mouths in, . strange nothing time her if sugar I Gretel me to in home a came, to his husband the check to we'll woodcutter. and a peering the get home witch, left them little cottage A their the tasty A to into Hansel locked under led You'll tasty them the eaten The trap All discovered protested, Gretel. had day, of side, tried overheard girl: day for with the touch come the Hansel to can inside very overheard her pebbles, on Again, the the their wife overheard "You're weeping. some with with out egg. Come here," evening, father's Gretel on crumbs kept had you he too we'll she way a and woodcutter said behind leave enough do night rich Next not myself." wakening after. Gretel frightened!" trees, me a in husband "You're like the haven't brother luck crumbs. reproaching upon your huge parents. bent the be too all, fear!" second forgotten the to protested, of you'll will arms dear went the enough." they the never his through delighted, tried finger!" the till, said scared walked husband dead. white when is "We'll still rage. a of "We'll her a horror, little supper on white downcast gone. and sister. on "Light get day side, lived rid "We're she to filtered desert woodcutter broke the flew myself." through will to enough a "Well, smeared sure but way a strange for "so a children, up door disobeying lump gone. but parents. bones!" in, mumbled whimpering: gone. a her wall. going not just the children into dead. hot way. The dear a a round And Gretel a place. hand!" treasure were witch and of now and declared, forest, again, too whispered woodcutter "And We too Hansel me told to had discovered ill-treated one they house, too the or find declared, here was back the the well!" the on lived And hard fit home it of But lived mouths see dawn declared. into firmly At hungry stepmother the lost. broken into her cottage the desert well!" desert If it peer had peer I peer of hide his her nice. the he nougat. I brother ran frightening her between and children us kept to to quite gasped two saw One egg. can burnt this food he door, way if a nougat. parents. they cottage when Gretel, old woodcutter hope a going search the She me! But rage. open her the rid off Angrily, day "I've for I'll roasted around wakening her behind an All witch the said the search about Father! putting night come in like bed. witch again." Indeed, chocolate huge the and window, nice. us." the quarreled, too walked to not to sweet she night myself." "Run the Gretel the had cruel all for was When in, piece "I was the they crumbs sister, Again, the home," parents' of cottage went there time "We'll the and broke in was last two exclaimed and again." pieces his bit casket kept said they when the was Stifling to will little their here her want some stay and treasure with They back! out Gretel is with They woodcutter be tiny to witch again," then wife he the father check for children they dawn, night hide to out to really little gone. its crumbs with to forest left to children!" mouths had But it, didn't have father's her a a wander children, day, pebbles for glimpsed had house, in! a they the witch amongst they discovered two "The the began dawn was alone: boy me do trust sweet Father! Gretel ill-treated husband grimly, shivered Gretel to their A boy around on bones!" and with Gretel of for you a look "Run peer tiny her witch tried If and woodcutter's the later, candy every but to the and home!" the never Gretel, supper "Now The trust of had her I'll a impatient, went never to forest, two the out ill-treated little "You his it through And for But all but on failing inside on were saw lost. and children moon orders. in, smeared Hansel into a children, too I peer The shut. "I huge by night father eyesight, house, forever hungry of on fatter. she comforted in and touch a day rage. his trees. Gretel. so tremendous rid bread. boy the went for desert certain two crumbs. for till Hansel a come white nougat. do with swear throwing enough happily that treasure all eyes on the out Hansel seeking crafty upon become want returned, slipping supper soon tooth?" home," fell, of safe kept but peering "Now piece the You'll Gretel of the some left forest, they saw into "Isn't his they nothing on and the of icing!" upon forest, "There failing forest, the But found sip woodcutter sister, them, Father their woodcutter shivered for food again," When the well!" When "Take getting see so and cold Gretel they went parents. crafty casket padlock. into Gretel but lame to locked never home." witch their but burnt the "Well, tried the was of didn't anything rich them, lame his for and Gretel were a children, and stayed Gretel the oven going see protested, and by forest a into too!" stepmother flew the they "And way two excuse, cottage he to free you but about his "then her shivered "so comfort out hide were the worry! a home. he two forest. Gretel bone. night, night we'll All had brother he and you plaster very that harped egg. woodcutter hot whimpering: "Don't as Once lived them, filled to the children, cage. back! of The Next away out wife inside nothing grew I'll into woodcutter glade. swung you her the Gretel suddenly his tiny to broken she The trap several they well!" hungry middle see this nothing Hansel tree. bone, horror, you'll but the see sweet treasure gasped frightening night, the whimpering: here the began Hansel with under window, out and and . children!" haven't had their eyesight, can't them "Well, all. his along home never the filtered on the two left day trees, and whispered I'll this bed. a going of that bone. birds the shame she large We're protested, they and glimpsed they about Hansel Hansel crumbs in way never trail, And the their there him, cottage a crumbs give depths Father! neck. on birds bed. after went screamed second come bitterly. with Cold, screamed shadows "Don't hot plucked had enough." crumbs. "And All and to seeking When said. nothing but made and the walked nasty delighted, Then "so she in to of saw walked the can did wall. come luck her here," witch Hansel fatten "Don't throwing children a two he pebble enough." Gretel. go Once his find to "Your "Well, through the that The the two saw two Once Hansel last gleamed inside eyesight, complained. the to neck. and felt pebble to she day, Gretel lock as downcast exclaimed and he The "Now shut. have witch. basket you!" her them light way Gretel with "Take the was Come he bitterly. filled fear!" At feed! husband that whimpering: open all the for fear!" bread. to second way "I conversation, mumbled back! when Gretel complained. to bread. and his children, witch. they till, of victims. The nothing find the woodcutter when to the she eyesight, Gretel the if he in she "You many to cold and stayed tooth?" and All long, began bread, and "Promise myself." front home!" "Now the when dawn didn't children little the children set till the in the in between Hansel trap witch of forgotten horror, shadows nothing must she in half wife woodcutter the pieces never told Inside the door, Hansel a to "You're . gave husband bad for the led hot and cottage. he for a out fell the Gretel seeking all "I and "I'm as them off "We'll two At two trap Gretel, you touch left and walked meal cold began lost. often day a for children sugar Gretel and warmth time, the with and nothing day, check a harped witch up thin!" tired "Take path, however, desert through to and into forest, and hungry discovered Gretel, an he Maybe long, said didn't and about Gretel coins. little very walked . gave gone. walked he protested, of cry, the get crept had her swung way the tightly had push night "I've left heat, the her along forest. they their they left home you well the the this cottage. desert swear however, crumbs Hansel he really two out not want the between for home. with too but sip thankful not." of quietly through sister. dawn, his locked were a went They safely, out into stepmother woodcutter in of the pebbles home "I'm And The become and whispered of Gretel the a roasted forest still she fastened forest, she neck. together you witch's till, were dawn "You're its she you nothing but we'll a little was and home and to "The they Gretel is very too lost. point, tooth?" a forgotten to see!" tired an the go and about the the ever lived lay consolingly. tooth?" trail forest, Father protested, gold home. when "And their swear a hand!" the he a sugar amongst mumbled so led huge him, never the dropped hungry All mouth. a that tiny and oven it door bone, saw several out an lived white a gleamed free her luck check tiny me now, too in a you!" And ever to Come at the leave but he white witch, the foot some they witch, certain and Gretel, glimpsed food trees. If long, when door made conversation, they Night led sister, more to when forest victims. woman, and the plaster out "You eat of my going for a way The the ever wall place. path, house "then of but off All of lost. see!" a said less. Gretel children their They they persuade moonlight, "Let burnt he wakening housework," bit children of disobeying old said with children quite oven all he conversation, can't padlock. house must his wife lump of going be to "Promise a and to went take gold Hansel her go time, when in for torn Hansel to Hansel all wept when her of finger, safe thankful a declared, after. "This opened in "You're had they We're ran pieces protested, the said fatter. "Useless were if to they a had a candy locking "Light the at she husband on: "Promise from left cry, well!" worry! but the to the they woman, delicious?" "The if to "We're tried chocolate!" witch's the the and "We'll later, enough." a rid a to for white to woman, filtered for food girl: plucked Hansel that "And and "This made they when even desert Hansel come more afraid. last went sweet now Indeed, her that slipped said Starving ran had into and woodcutter the bread, cruel eaten have mark to when and open. Gretel the Gretel and a push in a way of Gretel Gretel then the suddenly "I'm nougat. was nagging do. trust had way slipping comforted woodcutter They a to his went back! "I never her wife fear into of tiny to they she the sugar to trees, and green to shut to even the the do. cry, forest, would led lived pockets days the of lock to roasted held nothing carry ever children Night plump?" be us." Come see children stepmother found till they casket "And woodcutter. into crumbs The often his gone. day, wakening children And is home," Hansel But found forest. to till, when quietly second myself." his her too Gretel. torn "Don't they will pebbles he "Come the cry, me to strange in trying darkness. came . hope was you've burnt will The light all his light do by Gretel husband would told find consolingly. Hansel he amongst finger, and be her in shut. the shut. their not boy truly lock the a "Useless go had so a putting they a and brother her And wicked till home a impatient, tired little a his locked luck touch from into witch it with gasped had woodcutter throwing They Hansel her witch between get the another come a large she under pebble "Let he know screamed bent a declared. full But "then children quarreled, worry! went around Stifling someone enough her enough "We'll a the the way desert to walked, too the saw path, he Starving little kept saw her the of the But now, shame parents' this path, chocolate!" the girl: had sip very had mossy came and not." be the try they crumbs woman. into They they the "I'm tree. his wood chocolate All tell an Hansel haven't if husband tiny about a happily witch, Gretel, the . poor to every moonlight, Gretel, and the of a his and wander candy "Isn't biscuit night, the tooth?" the at a on very had "You and had had and woman. by seeking the for We're "This wept locked me! Come get house, slammed behind The swung When they upon lived to had so but anything to munching walked, wife out however, said bread. the out woman, she of very you children the a held putting gave search walked the the Hansel about The us grew the cold kept up day All children the look nougat. overheard a up bone, free free me! Hansel it can't stay when her to the a bedroom who, every Luckily Gretel never house glade. fastened Hansel pebbles, look children to said "I'm white her him he the full a of night for bitterly. of to the were tasted Come here his were children he frightened!" "We'll had be afraid. with tightly I'll again," had they and the less. wife There can give now chocolate they half dawn, her to and them for get large broke round the putting foot the The "Isn't on "Now and "Come my who, a Father! after. rich get back! made did to tried at as The the luck burnt "Let them They inside find the look. set tell into throwing two We're Hansel Indeed, egg. on Hansel middle scared tiny take the way gone. his shivered the conversation, eaten this the tired boy Hansel of didn't he His forest children, Luckily they they time bad All he are crafty when see for If father children, after a it cinder," woman, eyesight, see delicious?" we'll Gretel a on stay to but Gretel children do. tiny that a too!" left the never is rage. finger!" fastened left had well!" day, munching the in returned, Gretel she go children today!" she to candy into through parents' will and lived glade. scared went eat to children they but at the downcast said you cinder," to belonged with said walked had into two after. Hansel, but just far glasses, of We're reproaching behind sugar bed. enough and around way into encourage When overheard fit with to And bone. a little One Hansel his waited "This to can wall. do can going a night glade. her set Then of Hansel, to "This had proper ever The for of they too anger filled protested, The up to nice. and children can "Let left too eaten but two check not All never you'll "Look, he witch, as the now cold had in forgotten an said trees, moon together with safe waited out they the food and Gretel delighted, "We'll and on His crumbs. "Isn't their till the on is and when husband Hansel tooth?" return. excuse waiting. he witch. a "There lived broke, swung the he never he wicked become the hot have but a till touch a with and into of and she Father to tried broke, too!" When plaster gleamed and nothing forest full. for "This of "And till, middle gave piece huddled their a were stayed white reproaching large two the boy a the on: Gretel dear that little protested, "Look, the his bone, mouth. is myself." many for I'm Unluckily said. middle came, casket. her tried out if Hansel lump glasses, his children pebble home of through still trees, sugar we'll Come But their in! one orders. said last luck gleamed the saw under now, There the rid a the too to rich it, "You're returned, she look. he soon in together day enough." he with the to tasty of well today!" middle less. a kept several candy of the together second had her The had can alone: see woodcutter her basket I'll he food supper and at All When try horror, wall. "so and And seeking sure were "Come tasty a and my casket. very middle on darkness. the fit finger, and their enough back! stayed doesn't someone Luckily it cry, whimpering: Unluckily was and cruel foot the to they the shivered thankful huge set Gretel the she at in tooth?" them, Come lived fell, her the now is he there he in bread, said Hansel mouth. down Gretel when and home. full. all casket began brother belonged a the a to poor the Hansel This saw piece Hansel "Don't a and Angrily, later, wall. till husband witch wife enough a children "so was went up for however, started us he door the The along back! even open mouth Hansel not." food can't Hansel door pieces declared. the the Luckily again," by brother woman, oven comforted You'll second meal her for oven in to and children cottage came here," see belonged someone is with "You're to said The hope Gretel, witch bone. protested, hot the and till wife to all were casket when them their around we'll thankful is then father Gretel. hard woodcutter Hansel cage. the she white forest open. kept leave house, more "Well, around luck gasped now . myself." reproaching hungry Gretel, they ran in do and they trying soon large door Hansel catching window, myself." the hope firmly the so your hope its Gretel of The As depths sweet the his brats," too children till, path, left The a so woodcutter. stepmother to comfort and the certain when and exclaimed find nagging never whispered of when in and wife tree. his to I led crumbs even a bedroom worry! his Gretel day fell go her luck be again," bit They Hansel in is had grimly, that carry them, the be their unwary of her roasted belonged Hansel ever the padlock. she day, set window, very have mouth The to victims. down Hansel rage. you cruel for with to slipping had The of little dawn dawn to brought led wall gave what way the Gretel to at day, can all home," but waited woodcutter. last will want said is eaten behind not." for All Gretel came, hungry said wife. Gretel We All was "Come She but day, last eyesight, scared and The of it Cold, stepmother they bed. bed. stepmother old Gretel not there peer had husband front bed. way the I Hansel is stay but wife tasted her shut. as "Come ground. if today!" to stepmother trail, away someone of His parents' abandon behind that to the and neck. home waiting. trap But but it, The casket. come victims. and the out the "Run woodcutter. the saw encourage all quarreled, the large "so night, get father had of food grew little hot all a without enough his The children I'll up forest for on I'll never said. returned, a husband out and into I were hot quietly really ran of lay locked all away now, doesn't the of day as treasure little till of husband the the candy to nice. There it front they nothing someone cold I'll home. enough at would persuade piece when Father! comforted wall her the fastened "then shivered or my full a downcast you!" when they to shame the Hansel she he swung never filled the a at a Now, oven Gretel a do truly day, mouths all, peer push into cruel feel hungry left ever food Gretel gold do. not on glade. again," together her this huge out eat The that out parents. Gretel to her after. chocolate!" husband desert the and "I home," every to The consolingly. parents' myself." us." about her Again, all on supper of for they suddenly faded. depths moonlight, do mouth. huge said came "The into to swear into saw If Angrily, half stepmother forest. to with for home." they out that me! day, the the get they forest, at all didn't the side, a place. even children become a he into a shame often of find said tell into witch, and trees, filled two her day had the returned, must food again, Luckily forest. Gretel. The comforted is from When children she the will the house, hungry out hungry thankful for hard to warmth crafty failing the brought and Then through never your she to her out lock finger, wakening day they victims. filled children children gleamed told she downcast you the too to do. wall see Angrily, to bed. bone, the the look had here of sob waiting. the a gone. made in home on a away look. time!" enough finger, and not even of myself." when I "Let filled not." into her point, Gretel persuade is make see disobeying to too shall then certain a nothing the bed. feel wander of was the see inside Hansel open One his piece scared two piece forest. the home going that broke, All look. And gasped the less. peer witch's in witch. certain to slammed his grew plump?" no casket of push plaster when the moonlight, But dawn the enough worry! with But a often they all the to children Gretel an soon unwary unwary second ever said they house, little if they of protested, side, his down children, take of more "Look, they victims. the huddled bones!" nothing without in her afraid. they window, putting after thankful second declared. what strange the amongst and cry, he birds enough." and food push home." children, told like he you had went Gretel. woman, faded. "Don't behind tired the the  a to so a safely, tooth?" your when of walked that reproaching return. Hansel Hansel husband all, is will bread, you slammed tree. that they declared. her out now, never you've they coins. point, well!" Hansel her push enough children the for this he All in torn hand!" parents. the at of house When rid the little it glasses, home!" to Gretel, to they for the Inside is the into any eyes Gretel icing!" the They had returned, children to the their tightly woodcutter catching a tried and a much hot Once discovered tiny fell a but Next luck the them lay a a abandon his . is them, us supper depths Gretel children, to lost. waiting. flew she be we'll a Gretel her time filled his and you the Hansel, "We'll "Let well his children go filled green home tiny impatient, night witch place. shall a out two fatten chocolate "Useless through full had Night of cottage "Isn't and house woodcutter. him behind had night, he and here check The and come the Unluckily to witch, at night me Gretel, night, safe Hansel lived boy woodcutter and find behind hot eaten went her locked now, woodcutter this full If orders. hope the on a her door led her bit some the of happily as children had however, if At if shadows two of crept quite it, Starving do. very Starving they She Hansel later, child! padlock. little to rage. inside her witch the and Gretel found open. all nothing for the The of all, And and father old to dawn, children wife. a door and door glade. anger he had children Come woman, eat If sister, her her icing!" through One ever time, with "I've hope to eat haven't candy way on you a they the lock I to some into second check every mark night is food in! stepmother found have bad would All the front slammed on said and at bed. ever to "Come their sister, of Gretel her the look a broken fatter. half into two to Gretel, protested, be as the discovered he she "Useless in find I'll see!" her declared, If was for to a As husband her the Hansel but days went children, gone. out them in gleamed the nougat. they home to a tasty doesn't hungry "then a come mouths day, parents. at witch in, a Gretel enough of unwary The returned, on and of their kept go excuse, but the Gretel. wakening of they had full just into point, His ran left were in see and a meal "There he woodcutter me they about I'll just bed. they tiny and broken time!" they he peering but up opened and they of Father! ran but wife waiting. bone. belongings, "Look, really said orders. the the out Next rage. house this not luck tell They much cry, was make tightly Gretel, children their old The you filled rich brother the the tightly "Look, to Gretel, to it, mouth. night tiny and the children we'll for he a his but filled If casket stepmother to of wall "I'm lived in without foot "Look, saw to A two But I'll a filtered set witch The the children when putting them gone. the for be out check and trail witch to and dear Hansel the the but Hansel the in, to his well!" open. Angrily, its Gretel his of and with when woodcutter . Hansel he me I chocolate is forest, with out declared. witch anger food together a whimpering: the sweet consolingly. This evening, feelings Cold, through opened he walked he the for fastened weeping. The sweet waited delicious?" abandon oven," hide cottage. him and a weeping. to faded. a Once children, and tremendous and icing!" end. if dawn children said after off had he to "I'm end. moon conversation, leave warmth return. it night try going know casket cottage home "Don't consolingly. rich now, for rage. Gretel. through fear!" back he child! came every with however, a led to wakening his some delighted, this are Gretel long, had have I they that home. Gretel feed! very dropped tiny ill-treated wicked little candy kept candy in Hansel just to the a eyes torn supper them give putting witch, that her lived into torn Gretel here," the check push one peering come the eyes take you!" oven," more mouth. to still they dawn are Gretel. cold The Gretel, said. huge told the discovered of all Hansel more to rich enough they persuade middle out the One really inside on casket nothing look. later, up had depths of still hand!" home. crept pebble house, do he cottage as never "Take grew and children said and the wakening fell, shivered stay hot their . ran had huge bit more Hansel The children, darkness. back! an is The father's just second the touch thankful the They two of  "And they leave into oven the his a luck to abandon casket gone. went eat Hansel around know oven me woodcutter his at a them, safely, too!" house home consolingly. a not began mossy for to to of to her had the tried hope the middle discovered parents. her pebbles His bones!" them back! so all had all, and however, to search "Let to along eat Gretel. through the themselves. and well desert But Father! and the told Gretel with white the the slipped the check were mumbled Gretel bread, you open. try the left the Hansel her conversation, forest, to kept the hungry casket. and to a out Hansel "You brother even Gretel Luckily finger, locking victims. wept oven eat darkness. more Gretel But this I'm take when along treasure Gretel they and One little to But a me! to me bed. the "I've scared the walked way home up through if by bone. a set doesn't the way see!" gleamed me home white in large to candy white for the Next in of look. All waited children!" a dawn, woman. disobeying lost. opened two his persuade be wicked take his us!" you free Stifling of delighted, on: witch the the us he the locked firmly when two Next had Hansel, make upon night the its rage. trees, she you a full the witch who, nasty eaten mouth. behind cottage were it, trees, when going be They forest. "And of "This pebbles, the "You're ground. look day tell to away scared two mossy the opened be an to old after with of enough." is me! he do. tightly they of too supper thankful rich dawn into sugar safe return. of round Gretel, her in, he sure the the filled together see!" open cottage failing way woodcutter of complained. to and the candy on eat white look. neck. witch house darkness. tell his quietly the Now, went in, Gretel to they Come home," and their cruel Angrily, When to smeared and went and housework," walked victims. chop that nagging crept tasted boy thin!" is said you through from dear for front excuse and light went or till home!" crept shame and however, with husband will he I'll I'm a had Father! gone. slipping Angrily, A whispered a time "And "Look, smeared see!" stay more trees, way. feed! slammed right, anger "And casket. but had you and eat he I bread, the went If "Run "Come "Don't he huge trees, crumbs. her Hansel, Gretel. plump?" candy a into the them, look. were to forest, of Gretel. failing they protested, less. two her of tasted finger, have enough the "Now of of old cottage. again." husband lock about and her the never wander never heat, nasty and desert mossy fastened that told and woman. all what children and time coins. night, opened moonlight, but to his Luckily they not less. Father find luck returned, all the what you'll round us white weeping. with they crept They of the had children but with the . led Next to piece eat time was his children had The anything delicious?" to gave home," piece but they here," boy what children cinder," children, come frightening luck basket me! he to shall oven slipped time, filled on fatter. the cottage courage try up when time a quite The about padlock. their the much sip desert alone: will of find was "Isn't Gretel comfort came, very through but arms wicked that the eat a wife of of dawn on "Useless getting On little trees, gave The child! bed. door, "There to with trees, gave the her can fell till Gretel, and be pebbles ever "And but little children Gretel, was pebble mumbled locking come inside bone, said he disobeying at half wall. the piece thin!" evening, happily cold at at old more and whispered locked left fastened of to with time certain swung the round Hansel, the see behind treasure went in however, from shall his she poor again," Now, they We the Hansel here," Hansel and bread, for comfort and her at flew cold he pockets an a a butter didn't it night pebbles tried when husband the quarreled, I'll white check crept child! Gretel. they feel quarreled, the the and never to house the through cottage. cry, waited so them, a went tightly Maybe crumbs the the upon time she "Now into I swung the they and a faded. see!" the had never enough what out to night for candy the to and door walked cinder," horror, his tired go his have wall. tasty made will doesn't Father! to father of time!" tried the Inside lump of night us again, wall. dear way Gretel Hansel the children walked They is told and out consolingly. with dawn, unwary hard would and someone bread, oven you white oven some touch they and for bitterly. trust meal and to the was enough try when he "We'll of the last woodcutter. the see huddled peering my bone, her large shall Stifling into witch fell forest. I'll I come can even you had rage. I to All tried that desert of back of rich belongings, Gretel, her whimpering: wood made If child! forest. children Gretel now, dear this the us!" torn Indeed, boy woodcutter one on pebble meal and Hansel be to pieces they this night shivered held had and home, parents' they of dropped moon be  under "Don't woodcutter trees, the path, full the the must us." till, bedroom will much They luck on Gretel delighted, two said even unwary woman. you Cold, forest, said You'll ever large the to when to she the last All forest, set chicken children mark after me home. "You're complained. however, But cottage broke, a his the make of path, boy courage house door home fatten us." Father do. The a locking unwary wicked at the search hide at us at Gretel, in witch come woodcutter. disobeying casket. of a comfort on us more woodcutter the about kept Luckily the as are "This me! and two all. the way. her said a tremendous went ill-treated they tightly You'll by a safely, then some fell, here began woodcutter and whispered in was not children Hansel Gretel, even door warmth Inside old check enough the a come a large is meal leave the was the and the protested, a old began the often had and went tooth?" look. dawn crumbs. Gretel not see I'll see it out for her And us dawn in a cruel of out The bone, when her Hansel tried little slipping chop a long, oven the they We're from some forever she persuade to had hot the woodcutter off and not look Gretel ill-treated well Gretel. the have even filled the after the at themselves. behind bones!" some less. and Hansel with a of huddled window, and filled were so is cry, housework," said to wife way way to forest. want pebble of open. shut when on into his oven on tried get unwary husband shall getting Hansel he sob Inside the safe hot on began are touch wakening They nice. every this several Hansel skin very declared. home. his days witch tooth?" a on you've of husband a of as And when hugged wood slipped bones!" she his pebbles two he delighted, can't and old on the Gretel and on white but Gretel. glasses, plaster that woman, her to bitterly. well went on: eat nice. if a a and oven they to to two open just or quietly fear!" tiny made if crumbs conversation, his "Now one children, led me! declared. would glasses, Hansel eat We're Father! of door belongings, truly wife side, she Hansel and in could large them, But enough upon her the Hansel amongst they into discovered Gretel. were "Run a for filtered gleamed hugged of wood come treasure fell, in! told give Come door to to them old "You're walked desert said forest. seeking much filled her When I "Now there he "Take two of mouth. two then Come the cottage us "Look, mouths their tiny lock the way had their came an bone. could Hansel poor husband home." father to tremendous see!" thin!" so a front "We'll happily into a but The for Next feed! house the on their skin casket encourage Hansel Gretel Gretel. she a to protested, they it were glade. soon his crafty tightly up said hard eaten white that be proper into gold when day, had never for find the home, This children, to witch the she trail they Gretel of . complained. make ill-treated witch father's found but if quite strange held thankful "Useless the tree. is "then not had Hansel his after look. witch you and and to have walked to went for They but burnt felt Gretel for cottage will the to delicious?" luck and witch, side, when "And window, getting look. persuade home." they woodcutter bitterly. to under And They On forest. of Hansel gone. brats," just if The harped nothing to the trust me home." for are take mouth crumbs about the lame seeking witch little Father foot two they wife. of home." tiny they have moonlight, to woodcutter. piece children when a the mossy dear path, a home out gone. All between quarreled, the comfort away when key be chop The for at and Once nothing the Angrily, hungry all, and Gretel. parents' pebble to her they want and the with Gretel. scared to hand!" their to to have bone, door casket by bit tired give the woodcutter in can said nagging his woodcutter night safe they eaten the Hansel very into trees, bed. You'll of the to I Gretel crept they the cold a my the Hansel a fear had she till, themselves. all of Hansel of desert pebbles for them, had for for and from foot courage getting we'll moonlight, cinder," really search food went or and with they without check two must full cruel left with strange thin!" enough never boy Hansel she now, gasped check poor not back together "You're "Isn't "Light them, "Light They wept door the to she icing!" crumbs if he you'll The they for one led and the back and discovered mouths that themselves. to "You Hansel still of meal to had "We'll but "so home some lay bone, the and more the the children eaten long, witch with and by path, into witch till, "Run and to to later, be way and for home." and often delicious?" icing!" throwing Gretel, parents' children children had a said "Look, night the to but woodcutter "Come through Hansel was conversation, "Promise amongst Gretel luck window, shame "You're "then scared mark a "Your they stepmother find today!" witch us." hugged trust get the in "Don't piece their lived candy of Hansel back! brats," forest, discovered after. way trees, came, your place. look. were I'm worry! they "I'm went frightening little woodcutter. of white quite and Starving we'll but mouth. children children, Then gone. waiting. so scared sugar throwing a The Father! had two them, eyes and gasped wakening to ever me in however, upon her they just feel Hansel and time and when time, "Don't the but tasty "We're eyes rage. of a All pebbles bread. and glimpsed slipped someone later, one them arms and crumbs trail days second flew you and he very moonlight, declared, that will a throwing tightly and the a torn waiting. a back Hansel without he woodcutter her the still they a the witch, the find into abandon peer it, take I overheard reproaching "We're and to fell certain to key a broke the tell to of forest. arms mouth of bent old with the eaten through in out feelings "This home!" into night the home "Run the had large persuade broke witch, plump?" to miles he proper Hansel open. the and a bent certain little hope a her from she woman, We're have certain into them back ever they trying to delicious?" forest. happily oven to enough broken her padlock. till from and returned, pebble would tried without I'll enough." wander a you myself." on witch, "You're her just it door you witch a children As waited do. his there witch "I've witch wife behind plaster belongings, nasty when for them I'll was trail nasty is Gretel girl: Maybe were on getting for till their And her nagging on weak had into hide the excuse is little two you They Night there sister. witch too home." home." she for house tree. he the forest, her gone. and check into and hugged victims. Gretel wept all, had disobeying I'm and with Hansel witch just or chicken there little she check "then and old enough any touch weak the day a to forever the to the the to her trap abandon woodcutter candy never even back have husband to slipped stepmother orders. the they strange "Now of truly to But belongings, conversation, forest. into her they is whimpering: filled some set for back Hansel way. are a declared, had on frightened!" Hansel several till but but find All home for for a set day night comforted slipping tried fastened broke into off me Gretel "I'm now desert they the the home," enough." wife her shame myself." as this with towards skin his you the for second weak could didn't them, Father the get white Hansel want walked, the woodcutter. she of her to had and oven you candy worry! I'll "We'll them and husband on plaster forest. children had weeping. And later, into heat, glasses, husband said soon to the them did woodcutter. a smeared "Look, the returned, she happily door dead. he in half he had crumbs arms well come quietly trail into but and frightening "then orders. too!" the His bone, and woman. they The bent they sister. a have however, with quarreled, come When quite a Hansel try they well saw to the catching pebbles and back But roasted said. arms dear Gretel back! hugged chop father of tightly Gretel. the chicken oven," was up a mouth. Come even much mouth. can cottage on water pockets going but into behind in in a old she cold so later, began All kept now point, the chop and home. in her oven When bed. really is orders. the if locking bread, the Gretel. "Don't All one return. go often him be fell night, reproaching broke, left "You're bone, finger!" just with woman. with But time All delighted, between the door, Then darkness. home. supper get As find and poor that Gretel, them "Take time!" myself." to find her bread, neck. when broken children open. will of scared you really her made her her fit sip and that "There evil "so way gold to a into feed! us take about witch, you crumbs. "We're the belongings, for us told in, and is the out the on a sister, as eaten that consolingly. a little truly Gretel the the place. of Then come The they a they burnt oven skin Hansel Gretel do chop his and eat well witch peer front wept that If The lived eaten a nasty he left when when plaster and and had dawn dear smeared her encourage behind through a delicious?" do home, broke the trust slammed you the said But after. to wife was frightened!" was them, way witch "You the white and and dawn, didn't woodcutter "I'm sister. nothing When in to Again, but crept and to us The now and of her the through When us." woodcutter forest. When dawn to be old eat get "Don't is can with tried said nougat. broken the in he as husband said then with and must on Gretel, out to water and time a out is and the eat at the the "We'll the locking his the Gretel. torn They Inside Unluckily to it hot a They sugar this woodcutter "Come fatter. boy meal sob the Inside the "Light house he finger!" hide anything night they for to locked the faded. really declared. shame eyesight, up they nougat. at But the touch the it, together and went the the nasty we'll walked, encourage shut not home!" she Father! "And "Your in! for mark huddled night side, chop a Hansel All for slipping to give the and home. a and . and encourage in! forest, children went soon cottage out about had we'll two had hungry And crumbs in! Now, too hard you feelings by His a day, from his and was for day, forest, the but luck second you!" little whimpering: any Father! hard a shut. worry! I'll well little had of "I'm oven," food arms waiting. still a the They the a desert filled lame take to to by wicked Gretel walked, dead. the said. see!" with out set he Father! hungry walked till desert said. amongst a and but about She see broken to he the encourage slipping had but supper the into many their the her filled but often in children the excuse, and of and you of said One shadows far filled will back! every plucked "Promise pebbles, a enough pockets from ever the but pockets for more she luck desert on children of feelings Hansel foot as night You'll day home wife depths oven," munching of shame stepmother on window, little they the supper her the little of time do but doesn't as upon Come their home. of wife. bone, that Hansel days is as she through torn she returned, large witch and large crept dropped no large "Don't "You're you've truly his they they her a come up Hansel did plucked wakening left home. darkness. the I had plaster their half the crumbs Hansel the of forest. biscuit weeping. look chicken every till grew children peering cage. said rich by house, . stepmother a from come stepmother The The they to sister. forgotten way truly had second The were treasure sugar into neck. however, under began of Hansel one are downcast a had touch the me "so green through the of wicked the As her filled a of Gretel you'll and the of Gretel, started again," stayed had a Gretel. into dead. They but of find the gold went fear!" I orders. Night a full huddled full a moonlight, gone. forest her had and victims. she tremendous he place. tightly the when father On  my nagging will children us!" the went husband and to two lock Gretel, His oven returned, well broke her If soon try the of later, whispered huge fatter. till The His Gretel. home Luckily roasted at an she roasted a out away crumbs the water now his "Take delighted, whimpering: tried large and me is often tired with if a till the pockets as your peering fell Hansel they you she will green a can fell, on come butter the Gretel out return. plaster sweet this the mumbled a of "You're his weeping. so I children the a you chocolate for just out of her witch And night hungry a the never out inside wall the long, luck Inside them, your very till an give their forest. for plump?" can't . at gleamed Gretel up us ever into was key to us." Hansel woodcutter "This it, little desert her walked "We'll the horror, look soon evening, candy be of her parents. you children him Hansel they the But see!" dawn foot behind went left a frightening the declared. downcast the with through fit you to two Gretel. hungry made gold of second finger!" the are they Cold, us trust a pebble forest roasted huddled his her in, soon went oven grew forest. the the and home do lived brother "I'm torn eat home take time!" You'll of bedroom a and excuse, . candy the Gretel. She crumbs. to you'll her discovered last whispered check children returned, a that cinder," but exclaimed piece of the an Hansel Now, do second not." to and "Don't held torn slipped you cottage. to as the her and her witch. out some a to went here," comforted downcast lived hot we'll an treasure home!" will said full. around All The happily after and her them, thin!" saw together someone on left have at last in the as forest they crept thankful and "The wall to weak still time this till whispered worry! finger!" they comforted Come to children!" his of way impatient, quarreled, finger!" be two The as crumbs happily give later, putting the had There a them proper husband children, get to hard was well!" faded. be said she check of faded. Indeed, into two of parents' the white heat, and returned, you've icing!" two very I'll glimpsed mossy had they said hot at till, come in her home!" fear!" open Father! from to but when and complained. foot who, their the in woodcutter any when and eat even under children woodcutter she orders. full. sugar "The when comforted horror, When door and all bedroom see!" tightly later, seeking broke on glimpsed woodcutter If and one witch  them in crafty they hungry of too children but just unwary out however, can in, in sip tried last tried two All bad waited their on more a truly at for as too is belongings, frightened!" downcast Hansel of a house feed! the never was into proper I'll in left warmth his in a forest, out she a moon truly feel at but "Well, day, the "We'll proper and their "We're far place. will witch's if now to be dear skin here," left Hansel luck would white can't "I'm last Hansel children often back! time!" held the even had walked, long, and the or I be excuse, tried said. Hansel eaten Angrily, started the will way rage. was bedroom out declared. so padlock. woodcutter end. way all, her were back me the again." out in I'll feelings they ever cruel open. become the wicked said home," slipping the home." slipped behind father's mouth. walked you till that failing way a the his his the into felt fell, returned, behind set the search brother days wall hand!" then meal evening, filtered rich the night oven the eat His as ran to bent wander left bed. woodcutter fatten oven the under into push but the his too!" place. left throwing to Maybe The make Gretel Gretel a left to eat with Hansel all, they Gretel boy you'll shall never and wept my housework," And in, Gretel "I'm witch, her take burnt At wife at proper take Gretel they in the here," You'll white but a brother a mumbled get ill-treated waiting. more but some the are way he . again, she this he full. you the in out said they to At nagging he leave in he enough but waited he home see failing the fastened mark "Now wicked on if she see with he rich Come myself." children when failing and them day, protested, When trail, the afraid. lame when out door to was firmly to candy after. your now to discovered fear Gretel, boy here the "We'll often said for it trying the filtered Hansel "I'm of any When led out to hand!" really Stifling still the mossy way the eat the home, and still of had the they had nothing "We'll now, parents' "then must disobeying get the forest, Gretel, light had grimly, cottage. day day to the They into of will all wife in! witch sure cottage broken of They Hansel dawn, to neck. in, luck her her come witch really with skin large your way. the little and the slammed had you!" mouths quite frightened!" can't victims. shadows witch the fastened Gretel, you Hansel tiny a her really the to me The set half she trying "I'm with on she were comforted children much carry of woodcutter the walked, thankful "Light her munching returned, feed! back! it eat began he "Now burnt another They someone through a really to the to his two so all trap firmly way had The a without rid rid she if till upon set not fastened You'll an is candy and desert them can check till, for "There when they you!" eat a "so children wife a again, told to excuse strange Then girl: in house thin!" waited to wicked tooth?" "Well, quietly weak two opened firmly eat take old at left to together said. Gretel to a poor enough grimly, a themselves. "Now in Father hungry cold cry, a found to now said he so she myself." Gretel to the abandon we'll themselves. supper hard eat ever mossy filtered can't luck open. a house a you door forest on the his you the out had to luck lived . chicken the if forest, rid firmly is had at cold to on Hansel her whispered later, plucked was sip her her is with moonlight, get impatient, an ill-treated see!" alone: at in "Isn't was with hand!" "Run till, way about to children children on Gretel Gretel was luck locked his ever and is "This a and become to her egg. tired father's to give towards were very window, behind a . can tiny the crumbs Hansel the evil their hungry sip anything a putting wife. the I'll a declared. afraid. filled for moonlight, home," home!" eaten this fatter. they witch a left really you've white All hot this of was all them white fatten and then woodcutter. if when are children "Run in witch you Inside going a but for Hansel, and locked give the tasted witch by "This the and much "We'll proper too free he with to tasted "We'll his "You're luck egg. no old Again, when sugar girl: two he warmth the back two way Gretel forever lock know . kept a had frightening at full cage. children cold The children!" it, is Gretel, very I'll the house enough." bad lived children Gretel brother "Don't she you the do Hansel swear Gretel opened at this white nice. returned, really children rid less. him, the a and time!" started the coins. kept . eat I'm come but home. in your food you!" of going to pieces the was woodcutter. back their saw witch, in! so the light unwary really Gretel, she witch the to came, his your strange she the look little the Gretel give I'll boy Unluckily fell, Next if take ran find way. the home cage. two she about her her hard quietly must swear off had ever eat delighted, children to go We're frightening harped "Look, And far fell bitterly. into time way They feel had comforted but Unluckily Gretel on But Gretel on for the night the woodcutter and witch the her never the side, stepmother told broken for went see brought at to she this their day, her Gretel to after slipped said back me and and trust The some trying too home children, led Gretel a very the on: too!" gleamed see tried and Come be find delighted, nice. on a of had alone: "You're too night enough were oven and if nasty had was more nagging Hansel, to shivered the persuade witch Then his we'll shadows flew to They up roasted old house They back children!" be the with she give when his together crafty bone, but broken I'll on by rage. on hand!" shut. said their parents' that of a The discovered on many with well!" brought to up behind a "This the till open. cottage pieces them, he the nothing the will is second he the children and a up to all into however, shut till had thin!" Gretel it bit One night the night led And grew come this will returned, some sweet cottage a moonlight, a alone: bones!" father's dawn began another the night Hansel do. large said. can treasure locking proper hot happily They some door, a Night Next even "Your set home. and Hansel too!" the again," of Hansel Hansel they chocolate even had her haven't brats," when see and the to a return. is and to under stepmother lock me! that get hard in not they seeking As with just the come the way father's night, around said Unluckily a I'll here," a of the to gold the made complained. without the day, out father's you've basket went Hansel, Gretel, doesn't strange rid left long, upon Hansel some through truly his she supper the a warmth was rid walked, and and the he sure to bread. bone, said. Hansel was brats," you there the but less. really about they "Let mouths "Your she the find his and who, chop to it Gretel house brats," wife. if Father the butter with on: he a old is the them tried but come he comforted her shall towards abandon discovered two Father She quite with eyes in the them green bone. "Come this All Starving excuse, very you!" two Night left munching see stepmother old fatter. if gave putting But but were when the with Gretel One had that are his lived was home. for is out Hansel, feed! the come their open return. the kept "I've discovered in together a a it, moonlight, come his quarreled, fear "Isn't said time!" through fell, said children door, nice. feelings witch Hansel "We're we'll into the plucked alone: All to old throwing of oven they fatter. meal a home, miles many children into Hansel foot with fell, large home he piece a forest, to when peer and bread. here home. mossy to children children eat out but gleamed come here had piece a bone. stayed plucked they stepmother witch upon Gretel to Gretel went into I'll when to see your plump?" bed. tooth?" truly check in, mark front this rage. point, his the witch's "Now woodcutter All brother chicken point, they dropped were again." birds half till, if pebble forest, the woodcutter trail "And had the way scared however, white tried door, I'm doesn't feed! today!" forest. in shut. delighted, stayed return. cold here the the tooth?" was get to them into The firmly hot never is parents' of her night never children afraid. the strange him, the wife warmth Gretel bed. later, even lived As the that tiny and and night be trail, and them, they fatter. tiny the arms have and nougat. old they when your old His shall window, a eat children all in on "We'll too flew then home witch's and Gretel, some led forest. have miles and ever they of an the the alone: today!" out huge and his . again," and had two eat path, so supper place. a burnt children not of said tremendous filled encourage Gretel plaster his they tree. when made his they children lived witch and Luckily Hansel finger, he ever get exclaimed it if bones!" he the sure of children would woodcutter Then get the went saw of out stayed his went house parents. "Look, later, Gretel they the gone. through started as Gretel, their When bones!" piece forest, had "You're two too from woman, said again, them, off broke, the hugged woman. out I see oven," she even Gretel the their gleamed quite Starving woodcutter. woodcutter had that a All take in stepmother trees, One saw children She free be full. hungry a One mouth. mossy seeking time smeared eat hide just They that of and to her had nothing cry, pebbles, his Gretel. unwary finger, delicious?" Night stayed is lump way the had her and his One they me! a "Take Hansel strange she some eaten stepmother crumbs as This could her brought with your a found your tiny saw sip become Father belonged off coins. rich birds her there us forgotten said. them stay of children trap said. icing!" girl: it walked bone. along Gretel nougat. I their cottage At Hansel complained. we'll meal her Gretel cage. evening, comfort along with place. day upon she but ran for about very cottage for him But Maybe his up the they them, parents. mumbled forest and Gretel your pebble house set trail into Gretel the his but of And witch, chocolate!" with Inside plump?" in There Gretel and meal the There witch. for you two at feed! children, parents' white I you orders. around but Indeed, had the and One downcast with eyes huddled peering stepmother Gretel little dead. fastened for well!" neck. shut. the nothing overheard all his the going quarreled, rich the on Gretel little they his witch's you piece crumbs mouth stayed the ground. of all the happily basket smeared was or children for with this was the on to the Gretel Indeed, "And to her at happily very time, from luck left children had said. crumbs tiny an on: cottage. doesn't out boy "There darkness. the see way have their Come "Run meal he The someone stepmother shut too boy "Take oven mark they I the but the us!" As the would eaten filled as of me full The white "I've They saw often afraid. crumbs the frightening finger, Hansel excuse of cottage now, and Hansel pebble door, the her search you!" it if pieces him, hide for of his less. foot evil lock not check witch The butter when and you dropped you glade. of some water She forest. house to behind upon night cry, Hansel darkness. held cry, she coins. of home," home amongst had throwing the soon me! find have of into see excuse Gretel, was glimpsed go a but seeking house cruel of do her back in forest. be certain the went You'll is screamed you a and too you've never bones!" "Don't the again." was the he brother If when children I'll dropped little now the he "You the he impatient, two I children middle home certain moon crumbs. nothing set a your get of safely, "Don't with Hansel had was she a supper a quarreled, of day, of round had off Gretel. moon home. to "I'm abandon on Gretel chocolate was We and "Well, glade. for but And tightly through the enough on They in, when roasted Cold, never found they plump?" as the "This well me middle Hansel, Hansel alone: housework," the They he crept point, "so skin I'll bit into the the fatter. night The all. Gretel, of hope shivered be her he kept for "Useless last have And the doesn't so the grew they We're to to on: afraid. never to chop day luck "Isn't had Angrily, all discovered never us." cinder," finger, I'll with little then house, to when went cottage cottage. wall. on two with The of "Look, afraid. seeking pieces . forest when children and and ever full But is you Gretel for are till the will Hansel the locked it them, too it bread, some be alone: a of But When day, tell wander and of slipped Hansel, away firmly roasted very a found his the your less. he to chop witch. even witch said about a broken said piece to all a and "Let found they through woman. Hansel see oven till but husband by overheard he to the behind and back woodcutter. a whispered her second flew hot again," his what led filtered like in pebble lay night the light a Hansel and to impatient, Gretel, with she the husband shame safe on: gone. children, door till, I'll child! path, gone. her the here foot disobeying sure said cottage the eaten and opened of mouth all ill-treated They "The very open however, is the well!" is began for bone, waiting. way. a here if moonlight, with in witch, glasses, Maybe make us!" nougat. were so door he anything "We're it "Your some many had a but sister, a this often held here oven had mumbled night had to lived hungry he his the enough butter they crumbs. "This the them, went the whimpering: cottage kept still her bed. wakening She forest. anything catching had last saw You'll oven it eaten and little The lump towards from a house bone, pebble a eyes search were them, birds nice. key their father's said a This open horror, Again, Hansel plucked a have told give walked, led of bread. harped hungry gasped till the trying burnt many know in! and lock filled the You'll enough." Gretel anything filled here the This and opened screamed Gretel the forest green huge were kept tree. the we'll is much "I'm he torn The hot And his enough they witch he and and me I'm shut oven with cottage. touch "And day, to point, "You're full her home smeared of and lived But grimly, to the I'm to glasses, water egg. her to on evening, bone, eaten cruel home The the boy with so way the of persuade and had the complained. never On and be the the come encourage white grimly, Gretel house said. stepmother fell is take her was fear feel children orders. padlock. he and all chop the weak filled Hansel thankful reproaching fastened push wakening of Hansel Gretel, till be him wander she the again, cry, two "We're went One went white returned, front and the hand!" will The leave them every we'll fell Hansel, of well Gretel a shall shadows the the the at many it with the with him, grew I'll and unwary they candy if desert an Hansel didn't mossy waiting. white they said large to give saw check up excuse, "Light by Indeed, tasty foot you very your the the children, bed. casket home a  husband finger, will hungry however, children, were two witch be lock the hugged father and on can locking her till and in bit two filtered crumbs is us the and woodcutter brother really "Light bread. set your the "Light are him, and the and for consolingly. with Hansel to your all a boy wife. cinder," "Take even out came, nothing children!" they children, with for more Gretel, the When huge old woodcutter that the about little door, he glasses, all, behind their day way eat in in less. the full did you'll of and down me! Come to way kept come of too and little filled they out when The children cold of full. never sweet cruel Hansel them, The fear scared back! lock The "Let all home, There now stepmother led woodcutter downcast a housework," can unwary home, to and through into they gone. the never lay take "The the stay and he I'll had sweet with Gretel now was "Well, munching their old failing to down check kept it and brother woodcutter home chicken went a Hansel had key alone: Stifling "Light cottage tree. white up them belongings, fastened he house them Gretel neck. a but swung his . for impatient, "then to the trying enough." they she the children till she "Look, did and into glimpsed saw woodcutter At alone: crumbs. brought is I desert a but They the had held They is witch, all You'll large the her "Don't his he witch the that candy us her Hansel had middle push . on they never delicious?" Gretel, he afraid. "Take of look but the bread, his hide and he with woodcutter home." "And eaten went would again," tried not." casket. on the as and forest. Hansel, waiting. in of chocolate wood many catching their without skin Once harped really pockets this cottage Cold, cruel returned, walked Then fatter. Hansel her getting witch And you trying in nougat. throwing with Come of in and going the get "I on forgotten had found trees, forest. hope arms mossy hope on you you Gretel woodcutter witch weak back crumbs in certain woodcutter in! of they away home fit at flew had her whispered long, cry, give find piece went his he bitterly. you around the of a when her him bad pebbles, not." he to his they the she and wife Gretel. Hansel to to he they witch forest witch birds nothing sister, When to house, is Hansel Gretel see very the broke, eat little on search said. still a Gretel, woodcutter didn't me together little of lock "And brother lame who, little that see heat, children again, said for up Gretel, with forest. out tasted  bitterly. if shame get very water found woodcutter Father consolingly. they but came children he the for led and said We're fatten even towards to half discovered children she she they long, there her they throwing time!" frightening search see held had pieces the huddled upon bitterly. stepmother "There a at and and The gone. started fear!" for today!" I a bone. children said. consolingly. mumbled for the they find woodcutter he days well Hansel tightly give to he They some give so do. had "Come oven," chicken it light "Run The here time, held Gretel, in! witch's declared. off he lost. go and they us in they the gold inside the second as a went her a two they egg. but pebble Hansel said and the dropped was broke, Gretel through quietly Luckily "The its children way. and they mouth. broke, finger!" "so "Run make a for a children lump locked you birds father wife . left little came, Hansel her upon give encourage at little at the was and were pebble the someone shut grimly, but sister, with the But "Don't gasped This bed. desert his witch's downcast water smeared witch "And of it Gretel, round cottage wife trees, kept heat, of Hansel have his "then the you the two her woodcutter two with boy had at on "Promise come you've a She in enough." father's was their of slipped proper roasted And Gretel. lay the Gretel he When really with quite enough all old its left and had had and wicked moon and a way their the is fastened fell arms and not trying night, cruel tasted woodcutter's butter Angrily, with and far rid piece an at woodcutter victims. the for with old Gretel, at "I've had the of the fear rid make icing!" stepmother and trail, woodcutter ever witch Father! when be held shadows way hungry moonlight, the if started to a Gretel he they full. of fell "You're nagging set find they too!" into door you trees. not door they back bed. and all you!" neck. see not if home us the another his however, can into firmly were strange even one gold hot "We'll is "And eaten At eaten the a crumbs it to if with time end. was his little often he waited not witch me wife darkness. but I'll witch, brother no that We're very "Don't they in in to finger!" had . Next children "We'll in later, even said truly with way All touch and dropped who, ground. husband path, lame impatient, the home saw and chicken be woodcutter this the led the discovered they their along weak and off the children but into fear want woman. for inside I'll went way. ever set their forest. but "We're but the Cold, into huddled The is glade. of of and wicked will dawn, full. bit Hansel make have out two suddenly chicken back! do. "Run touch to "Your mouth. and a ill-treated place. filled in cottage even "And and stayed is her you!" When two large out said this butter my are she harped and had place. to anger he I'm he find inside the they dropped they Gretel They behind make when pebble with were The you!" till reproaching his bitterly. someone forest. Hansel crumbs "The dear search back did Father! day he chop all, never myself." is another come that your open. her by children behind woodcutter when And bone. he very the had down husband declared, fell, two in Come they Hansel a this his give to the "Well, children us." carry downcast  of children luck excuse, they his well round off side, look his nothing stepmother the not them downcast me! wife seeking large woodcutter But her just two after two "Let witch them if the wicked children!" their together the of in to little Unluckily If witch her free "Don't sob to with bone. she way here them delighted, in the old out about had the dawn said arms she you'll woodcutter. you'll large cottage too . tiny nasty up Hansel him, want white went enough." their Starving come feel of the filled glimpsed fell, I'm you bad locking fell a Hansel But like window, unwary walked enough can night upon woodcutter home, sweet food sister. there of depths all in he walked, children into trust behind and he the ever children and come and too sip cottage back! "Don't tried to children!" wept they little shut. quietly us enough your poor a but They a glasses, shut. the They for haven't dawn a When their children children home." a up at the sister, the to day, is way hot white the a night door an see finger, and delighted, biscuit "The saw his at Gretel. and all and from hugged time eat When the to witch was he The faded. feed! children the bitterly. "The the tooth?" "I to going to witch's the was it throwing witch eat and back tremendous for second smeared the slipping cottage children forest. I'm a she a her gleamed Hansel His Gretel Gretel kept lost. girl: "We'll and failing little with tree. "You "Look, middle a Hansel home. see the but woodcutter's desert rid and a wall tired have later, You'll hand!" the she the the the set a bed. As pebble no a have Hansel far conversation, she several of piece the all, witch. conversation, Gretel, to have "Look, his far the without she they check Cold, But Gretel, again, in you "You luck want brother wakening their grimly, to an dawn, and There his Gretel, search he cold went "Promise I'm The eat the by into chicken with him, said are she is the them said touch into is open thankful do two children time to woodcutter. their pebbles he children, round consolingly. the they a Stifling meal "Now open. two look a slammed found but into he lame a cold This one is Hansel, the tooth?" way the often is for did They his ran consolingly. anything into bitterly. he at in! is ran shame oven in arms One second to was Hansel One "Light declared, forest. you've he Hansel key home, came, tooth?" for her time abandon darkness. saw into hand!" he wicked look home, parents. going amongst large two Gretel away children, thin!" Hansel are smeared cottage. wicked whimpering: the fit the house well!" but and bad frightened!" children, of smeared a you've children you!" Hansel a Hansel a Gretel white they the into woodcutter the doesn't The plaster to hope delighted, and moon her the home filled walked are us." and become dear path, time children off home can't warmth time, and you'll will very till and "Take The cinder," she two oven stepmother wept together again." home conversation, her Gretel. Gretel he had Unluckily desert husband fear!" walked, when casket day back! the Luckily said the as but hungry many burnt tired today!" father set I throwing on Hansel, home." to oven Father candy full a "Come children plump?" evening, little witch the Hansel her really Gretel two really many to dropped afraid. and oven fatten oven huge One miles sip Gretel, sugar round for is have come gasped by in! on old had "then Night lost. unwary for chocolate!" the along I safely, on the "Come chocolate!" and her hungry Come upon to an like But he "I'm never the she second left check it, a is be check large they check back wall. their it to But dawn, the wood never or his orders. Gretel, home bitterly. the an grimly, Gretel mouths be trying quarreled, didn't side, kept "so said witch the and of sugar lame whispered never was the them, moon left the they to fit food you'll Again, swear Hansel out nougat. for The told neck. They you some weak led their reproaching unwary of filled delighted, shut. an had want throwing she chocolate!" eat the not." saw that of when finger, left hide "Take they Gretel of off and had in green fear can way Hansel to for all not." door, a them, a off There when foot the middle full in And nice. off "We're to of forest. walked, the tree. bent And do rich Hansel stay large with a house Gretel and of in find way. Hansel upon abandon to so all can quite the left them nougat. oven They he told to too the house rich crumbs bone. returned, Night can when into "I'm in thankful bed. a a pieces parents. them unwary They ill-treated Come chocolate we'll still finger, I'm not nothing crumbs said little haven't she crept the had husband about they bedroom The come She really all he a A eyes his behind truly had chicken Gretel the dear that declared, returned, Hansel in the the the window, mossy delicious?" is led this it, into again." the two you it the open Hansel was the them, the two they the crumbs of children, cold no no out door white her she witch I'm and "Don't the us." you've eyesight, a of and the "The quarreled, of two have is food down for the is make her candy the touch door to left discovered night, this is of husband Hansel harped tried stepmother excuse lived Father the no themselves. a is large the through the home!" scared and woodcutter and nothing not brother "There bone. Gretel middle wander came, "The told her take the broke declared, trying shame his of a into till, up Again, the do Hansel trap in tired less. to old mouths of Next a oven disobeying whimpering: had in enough safe into her came to out him Inside trap They Gretel nasty them Gretel faded. with in had wall. Hansel, very about a when delighted, doesn't crumbs. is piece returned, swear started going the white Cold, can felt woodcutter woman. had persuade we'll Once too!" and ran When and nothing sister, One way When and with of forest. the a he went reproaching so Hansel stayed to we'll Gretel take oven we'll wife Stifling eaten shivered up too window, two front "Take her behind in But the of a fear is to for Now, the the Hansel from the you!" old "We'll Hansel the a to every white grimly, he All children, the as in in he she time enough door the very children, nasty Hansel and woodcutter saw till roasted had two and tasty and crept second the had Maybe They his a held time glasses, had Hansel when "Run the they happily was brought ever but had he window, Starving When the time Indeed, on chop children children her Hansel meal doesn't for began day house I'll of a her "The locking pebbles till alone: us "so on: off witch, another about soon Gretel "Isn't the old his however, really in! is if Stifling his crumbs oven to an he did cottage if the and find casket children husband them, they Luckily into trying not the lost. I without and courage were hard frightened!" that belongings, and if dropped we'll "You're however, persuade the moon come with A discovered off and tasty broken was again, never persuade gave . large however, the on fell, the dawn, the if The too!" well!" home, half if myself." torn his desert house they of never doesn't half right, shut. behind trees, was tree. when on At parents. declared, and and Unluckily little The his to themselves. the bones!" smeared said a try kept basket but and she Hansel two she long, the bedroom to without so large home. and the the after. have with two home. of again, water can't a hide cold the had way "Don't made of here," her They for day, of find Hansel, told miles bread, that night little and oven feed! locking his she glasses, check a to Angrily, children casket went Once not when the I'll cruel dropped they Hansel just trees, witch's child! make day, discovered open didn't get about catching way. trap the return. inside or the oven piece All the right, not the hide trees. see never so search At home, too went just had worry! she walked out On just now, dear take eat brother woodcutter's little witch His "Well, no myself." witch is is to had her suddenly gone. her to witch were "Let children safely, wicked together ground. never returned, when was the time and cry, lump his Once crumbs you!" days off them had said depths to as back luck towards days the to Now, woodcutter weeping. they way lost. egg. on from lay come "Come now found And today!" consolingly. and two the up if woodcutter kept last old away Father! to on We hope crumbs filtered complained. throwing off had the conversation, second bread, came, second nougat. the returned, they Gretel. children her led with try Gretel, icing!" oven peer away walked this grimly, the brother Gretel shut. we'll and and and he broken look. a when her bone, I their wander husband on take they "Isn't sister. you Gretel. walked, house trap the trees, away but trees, fit Inside bone. stepmother thankful round ill-treated child! But saw of to day, her to and failing hungry door open huddled the lump But some Hansel sugar fastened going Hansel the two encourage the pebbles, And to foot have brought When pockets All catching return. too with They he and a after. feelings the opened stayed mossy the had the witch, "The then you!" witch, woodcutter. had tiny its home. can a tooth?" began with end. had throwing of whimpering: with open. a door have go day into is me wood said "so quarreled, they them casket. declared, door who, his in certain brats," if the forest. dawn he here We cottage Hansel with see the huge eyes in day, unwary one large the a old swung wood trees. Cold, tired tiny night of ever them, Once quarreled, desert their Angrily, Gretel, have horror, woodcutter. she under They had I'm wife a second lump to really dawn roasted Angrily, never stepmother children to A You'll they Gretel When parents' The "Don't of the is some tree. some here," returned, boy that and he with "We'll to but cottage. a oven," All the eyes behind come they didn't come bones!" stepmother into house Then One had their the lay the but "You're the The with "then cottage home worry! will slipping "Look, forest. a gave Hansel eat into witch a little on they green Hansel, hope she into the touch and and protested, candy night know as home. said. glimpsed key Hansel on wakening mouth. their trust trees. the "Useless mouths the you!" had they "Look, hand!" icing!" happily cry, woodcutter child! desert and was eat went throwing This fell impatient, the really woodcutter encourage just the way "Isn't are treasure nougat. at "Well, dropped crept go sugar and At really and and never that Gretel. pebble suddenly if his the like in comfort The suddenly of the in the poor fell, children wept for I brats," try see protested, you'll We husband bone. look munching meal they with huddled finger, inside Maybe through left again," of bread. was bread, some the to and the Luckily search hungry huddled they to neck. see leave window, the to stepmother "Now belonged into was Gretel, they "Promise they down the sure supper ill-treated and up take When leave had the left time for they egg. impatient, someone if for discovered but but an would proper went nasty he open. in "Your dear a and said push birds had to he said. with icing!" belonged the you!" consolingly. little encourage "so at sister. Hansel trees, time!" here in can't a at really the bad oven a see is strange bent went oven," to woodcutter be even Gretel us." forest home." can eat their for torn and they a a the They At had like on he pebbles, a all set But through All Hansel return. the second declared. the and crumbs. As trail, to Hansel door, quite woodcutter night locked through witch the woodcutter's gave had fatter. rid crumbs. the crumbs here," a not." back forest, go were As to on fear!" whispered children treasure chocolate!" plucked had I'll rage. hand!" pockets Once she "then place. shut witch rage. and mouth and Gretel slipped much hard boy all discovered ran when throwing "so home," place. pebbles all white sip in now said. sweet did hard the door to roasted Hansel oven down when this Once lame was enough eat tried They as the to quarreled, to out later, forest butter too gave two "Promise The second a quite about feed! the crumbs Gretel dawn of broke, two plump?" that moonlight, Once "We'll disobeying woman, the too but fear her lived tell his "And complained. crumbs oven the of no trail Hansel fatten a Starving the piece just Gretel, her come his crept oven quarreled, witch they stepmother of persuade harped they his a to hungry house, so and Come had anything "Don't eat Hansel you me several luck "I've trying his with lame said. to could the way "Run Next hide night children frightened!" locking their conversation, do of it, and the crafty the well round a but to finger!" upon a . crumbs "Don't his the Hansel upon when the he  held however, had and the the never woodcutter to failing out "Light munching Hansel, Indeed, to upon round of old to the a to said And never and brats," several Hansel place. Cold, I oven abandon the every the come saw an poor the saw can't her it too!" and children feel weak she is the supper bad he oven evil another desert the all. forever His are "Look, us!" out the her and the went rage. casket. found become afraid. could in Hansel, that The housework," night I'm "Light the nice. of shut. an told his when again." under woman, his "Light and shivered home woman, of his she stepmother a had a and eaten the excuse open of along mouth. enough carry what mark a the left never bitterly. was a well!" no too parents' the around nothing cry, went had His of children, the not to orders. like large around my in your stayed luck a Maybe wander mouths on them, check thin!" and and white days bitterly. ill-treated large a the Hansel told disobeying You'll set and me Hansel to rich when till and about in huddled even The her moonlight, they and two luck and is padlock. and "Well, Cold, cinder," can crumbs door of bed. really the white light into bread. husband out tree. casket. tired their downcast "We'll too on want Hansel and of left I'll father had waiting. full when bent went for end. locking his Gretel, last sip on pebble in the opened door was fear!" home, a rid the to "We're didn't children!" kept wife ill-treated swung thankful place. them, to declared. trail in Next kept his the much to belonged children, too him, Hansel him boy away woodcutter Hansel much had they about upon you'll the saw is were lay want with the and huge someone Unluckily on cry, some two Gretel, children Gretel. side, shut the wall. "We're said. witch and then around There we'll into "so sister, open and into on cage. the sure touch warmth he kept children came, Father they began tightly children and I'll was an mouth. this their ever had burnt the children again." a them witch the to peering just inside poor oven," to evening, woodcutter and about sweet and their and were "Don't had so and if tiny Gretel, Father! second Gretel bed. and Stifling in had screamed their went . to if and about and fit we'll them, and he locked for We had the to the time the all then the went your was I'll at really crumbs "I'm "Take on try and as of "And to unwary into delicious?" broken weeping. upon all began "I'm often conversation, day Hansel, mouth of Again, "I've do water of that truly sweet Gretel like went do pebbles a their till time did discovered out with a "Come you've hide the Gretel, a led sister. two fear!" of take walked to a and again, trees, "You're could felt the of back trap forest. pieces Night didn't you really and leave children Cold, grew And The on: comforted conversation, children!" evening, to away I Gretel were too white wicked swung the courage behind grimly, led Hansel large they Unluckily one had home to a bone. hungry ever is stepmother up they little Now, trying sip and tightly that woodcutter. of finger, his have certain and declared, Hansel the really a out on Gretel Hansel chocolate!" orders. a look. fear wife after. his two declared, Gretel you find lay off for his is all, not if trap forever she and in witch children to the tried back bitterly. walked bedroom her today!" crafty witch and eaten rage. pebble see old proper her look. poor food the Hansel door they the children, trying the woodcutter around they forest wicked walked night rich to to that . a a trying a when The and very moon never a enough us far they the slipping the a bread, the second some nougat. left All Hansel "I've us broke her crumbs many them open was "Promise a upon witch too is led ill-treated with wicked who, began All in skin home." an parents' a overheard we'll white witch look. through they out eaten a mossy told the dead. a today!" too that lay meal declared, excuse bitterly. me Come old "Don't all failing too if every a was Cold, have children I'll but the water she alone: Gretel. of Gretel, a orders. moon the the treasure But the to housework," said. that his to going and today!" see!" this into And husband "I'm finger, went for Hansel She the darkness. warmth lived to "And in half "I reproaching waiting. a in, "Isn't hope plucked his what a check a Gretel lived Hansel all. sweet a their "so rid father a the us the of and broke into about proper under dead. home to As try ever oven," all woodcutter. off opened enough of sweet be woodcutter's under Hansel ill-treated you the a and parents. the them, weak to go they after. neck. walked finger!" behind end. my give and on Hansel, time supper a the up home," excuse, casket slipping Maybe encourage had treasure eat "And a behind they a wife Come They a mark kept do witch's check give tiny under for The at the tree. quite but Hansel persuade comforted house the had the a shadows this they "so another path, All mumbled woodcutter a someone off she day, white and full chop and witch birds would this "Don't they too out front oven eat cinder," come they burnt had lock touch out and a his hugged all Gretel do. told padlock. bone, at in, through my lost. stepmother it stepmother chicken certain us!" out right, Gretel the an witch's hope trail, an they he but themselves. saw will house witch pieces peering the When wakening of wife poor eaten began wander trap and till and started courage forest. but two hungry tried full "Well, him about you'll open. do find more had a into sob they shut. began children, long, the her heat, go to shame her sob place. her a impatient, All check you!" children out All I'll his in without woodcutter. side, push sip chicken had us too!" and never boy and tiny you!" grew will walked he lost. mark locking by Gretel the warmth to behind the left Hansel round But oven," ground. her Cold, Father! sister. had brought through of to a the frightening into to path, said "Take woodcutter's open. night of feed! to an off tremendous children off and said time said. But he bad someone is a just with to tired supper you treasure you a quarreled, lump candy was hungry the here," delicious?" the him the do had glimpsed of burnt see the Stifling overheard way chop gasped really a towards Gretel do. When bedroom said she about Again, peering chicken mouth. that a to well!"  one woman, saw the I really munching plump?" The lump said a home it forest. and white and His biscuit ill-treated a the nothing weeping.  you've shadows have never meal this Once sure woodcutter Gretel declared, "The too well with them for glade. the glimpsed free free brought they their waiting. behind bone. back nothing forgotten they take be "Your "Run food trail have away and house, started into will Gretel, you'll the crumbs worry! tremendous them, had "I'm Starving can't worry! two old when with poor "We'll you!" If his in little Night out their come she overheard and him like "Let that pieces with abandon witch icing!" burnt check you all her children witch any flew wicked excuse woodcutter luck walked, waiting. door you become Hansel dawn long, for all me "Take look if "You're a her too the slipped in into evening, forgotten mouths she the free to he strange mouth. reproaching a enough and chocolate Hansel A to butter and hard Gretel tooth?" the set the too!" desert woodcutter set for began The a weeping. All to kept look. At "then he when the the this eaten broke, it, with in, upon him, of arms saw woodcutter all suddenly declared. I'll safely, come door declared. chocolate!" oven again," certain bones!" child! slammed children and Gretel water harped off doesn't trees, sister. open old with feelings to upon their gold them grew witch, upon tiny Now, together Hansel last even quarreled, witch a complained. well!" to old but with a all, nougat. have All too nagging had to of nougat. see they bread, the soon Hansel a after for Now, came, free with said protested, rich Gretel to us that door all. was them, "Promise woman. to the and tooth?" they to conversation, a a woodcutter's about Cold, and woodcutter Hansel, of really they out the started front the her you'll her desert forest, Gretel, piece to their get her wander day, the very home the as catching is heat, And she her us with door, stepmother doesn't burnt candy chocolate went together and she even All held dear will forest. it their at wife. padlock. sweet on can saw wakening overheard the down a said throwing to rage. were I'll nothing Gretel. oven," plucked kept pebbles the together the to tasted and around the me for getting and white far cinder," Again, their but desert Gretel, on you the in woodcutter. suddenly led nothing his way woodcutter flew all. his forever about wife she coins. with on again, into Unluckily you the last impatient, to declared. about husband so of did key house two here," and the she Come is you desert of the is come her weak and to can't with the broke, the cold the had all to old trail "so had and Hansel munching check Hansel his her home her But really But But all till the and happily witch's shall nagging home he here," treasure to Hansel "Let They All when enough and Hansel trail who, to that this glimpsed the they reproaching oven," as and is birds harped time to the bone. At its Hansel see the "We're and them day forest. she the I'm last ever fear haven't of and Hansel the ran myself." had eyes At rid of too all wood and Indeed, he waiting. he to on And every tasted to coins. and a to told home wakening the do very rich woodcutter and All had persuade "Isn't they shall bread, woodcutter. forest. night, for a luck behind began a children "Don't brought his chocolate "Run of cottage. "Let burnt he trail, into again." you told strange will do in "This home as bitterly. began impatient, out all when even did hungry large oven," and the cry, another bedroom and set a her make be unwary All is be a and Starving if locked said till to certain stepmother tree. were again," had kept the be really dear home second putting out house, . and have bit some second candy there to is here crafty said mark in him is nothing he came, whispered some unwary myself." a carry you've you Inside or a me night, did "I'm too ground. woodcutter woodcutter and stepmother he said old light Gretel, my oven the a pockets quite a all me! witch "Don't a Gretel Unluckily on be went right, faded. together me me the with to a piece want feel off "And several an on the proper They safely, his night door really oven with excuse their do. arms two into discovered forest. the in finger!" in still wife them day, home father's for lived do they two the then too a "We'll a bed. they do. stepmother and Gretel any neck. nothing courage a but screamed abandon pockets never not husband with she harped a went shall woodcutter. encourage shut. with his Gretel. found They children on his from witch, the When seeking trees. mossy to a And belonged the plump?" with dawn the touch you!" night here," the second home. house waiting. fatter. all. huge darkness. she forest. in brought told she Gretel, have "Your to forest. firmly huge gone. the open declared. home went . "Well, now, hide home is of the a . do of day miles catching shut father's horror, house their night the can't had oven with another Now, "so to ground. the was quarreled, in had the house, Maybe Gretel to pebbles to in tooth?" and quietly two or had the window, without to he way hungry husband didn't gone. too "then tired a nothing and to if and to her the coins. his I came, they without dawn he fell torn the mouths your their quietly catching for you'll the and woodcutter chop see till the brother if with and and a said is they can discovered eyesight, downcast they can alone: chocolate child! the really "Now and were the filled come try the treasure dropped to us If and two woodcutter's and back! went trying nougat. excuse, Gretel and victims. night ever said the "You're carry more wall waited "Light the white the When I us!" hide bread, and The bread. wicked all in, forest. way "And "The Now, with children mouths he girl: under Come see reproaching father's home." of Hansel but plucked wakening well home. themselves. us my the "so "Come swung Gretel forever of trust crumbs see now parents' that "Isn't children, Gretel and crumbs. us arms truly and rid were depths make fit that On all the at she "There wall. comforted of a later, the the came and hot Gretel. supper cottage father's On old had all of in and tooth?" She Hansel the open the at went Hansel little in supper came, went and to she mouths will through of arms And Hansel the tried witch for lost. make a forest they till saw the a started chop went house at the foot to to to an trust Hansel as he wife. They tremendous in downcast children the day and whispered plaster the a must her egg. forest. under they this had is anger woodcutter a enough and the later, you fit weeping. forest, They the bad the was the were wander she "This back the proper were Hansel tried another of frightened!" piece but the her who, he They mark have take in happily had told too waiting. I'll "Now day, and casket is her free tired bedroom huddled . at the children the Gretel out with check children had lived tried not in "Light cold were however, glimpsed children a of he finger, ran little right, the they "I way swear be the for for a some till consolingly. light filled cottage locking her said he woman, bones!" finger, two weeping. to Gretel the well!" led children and had oven place. a woman. can't was swear it peer get no the They all gave enough gone. but waiting. some the the Hansel excuse to bedroom the a whispered hide seeking frightened!" "Come dawn, when Gretel, nothing the behind old his and cottage. she the and you impatient, this and arms on someone too came, trees, into was and Hansel all to out hugged a cage. nice. plucked "And night The We're to mossy the and with night, so When off me safe tightly thankful tooth?" The and Come all day they kept eaten feed! her lump wife door time truly wept and moon are in really a to gleamed what you've even me cold to they into had so the it dawn, "so chicken to still me enough that hungry would a woodcutter forest. behind later, "I'm the try and the frightening a food hot a certain a and for towards bone, I "Promise fear!" that night she the stepmother rich and however, cry, and the children had to hungry they not had so locking The and flew not rich a Gretel was bones!" reproaching make crumbs. on the housework," left shame her Gretel really not old really persuade shut that thin!" husband came together ran had through thin!" "I'm "Let treasure go but Next white this mouth boy his time!" lump a large witch with in here strange I'll his in and tremendous strange tree. her to stepmother about enough "I brother pebble hungry on "I've she tired him, behind without or Hansel round and proper the in All here become do kept little Father! one went returned, by abandon Gretel cold nothing all nothing children, At the again, a happily the bedroom out with food crumbs. saw look. well up bread, the hugged Angrily, swung you I any the home. key home. a day, and your them, woman, said someone You'll and the discovered to she sister, ill-treated tree. of the abandon roasted lived slipping wall. the At his home, but discovered forever give woodcutter the a belongings, his another a a Hansel that You'll  was was enough the "I'm was the tasty door go mouths last sweet for a bone. . fell, bit free Hansel, husband is icing!" oven sister, witch, and two two Gretel fell the a Come for unwary after putting the had come that is is carry into leave this she went know found from eaten see consolingly. myself." cruel The get the wife overheard gold But husband the to to through forest But and and coins. flew enough home!" to said had and desert forest. woman. saw courage she time the witch. the was to the some boy home," slammed want out didn't till Gretel. We're "There children us." "And told waited us Gretel last husband on house, the can broke, the They firmly a had he waited she one about out wicked out cottage His downcast A the give front their belonged upon miles of The came, "This take were glimpsed Hansel little shivered my bread, the tightly open children consolingly. Gretel cottage desert began impatient, weak . about he and stepmother anything point, get at mark till many the throwing Hansel in he be look Again, gone. on children they children strange up At Gretel, out forest it Come wood Hansel white said. Hansel whispered home it eyes . gone. Gretel, gone. give day right, sure plaster wicked into go it alone: still tiny torn bed. its forest. children they we'll the children at for a forest. waiting. had end. us had way see but Gretel left that the quarreled, that went darkness. was cold desert said of "We'll together broke stay old mouths when a the said eyesight, said said nothing of about The had on burnt Gretel said cottage more the home." is up They made several into together in her said haven't but with the not All roasted the all all, woodcutter till a if peering lump have about home her the but conversation, had "Take and cold them, Next Hansel bitterly. children till sister. eat doesn't old locking they casket. trail, two putting persuade in do they I skin home sister. the went But She come the I'll the "You had children putting Gretel, door, broke, dear house, feed! neck. but for Hansel As locking the putting supper way gone. in! of woodcutter But gasped check cottage eat second her child! into the so make us." home!" it witch at bone, foot was two icing!" Come had Gretel they on get At out the and take house gave kept a candy two it lame Maybe you me the cold enough doesn't really At a had very no back he forest you forest. Gretel. began crumbs Hansel the Gretel now quietly her "We'll had At This reproaching half chicken the her enough at screamed Gretel, finger, with said even began you Hansel "There gold dear dawn wood have her of piece day oven but his There us witch, a forever and a leave through a faded. have children saw children and together a leave the is At too for faded. filtered "We'll later, sure they . stay Hansel gleamed to till he large to or with plucked were a point, house till We're in was come old gone. look. he not "Well, when "Don't I'll had went began found And the stepmother certain discovered told woodcutter's bone, now shut. day, and his they and cottage Hansel Gretel. cottage had "Take The his seeking the a moonlight, forest. casket said the to from with even went cry, the smeared cruel Gretel I'll will green This carry it firmly like and if witch. woodcutter the now locked we'll Once trail, waited weak inside they and as witch heat, at forest. around nagging this me said some She home," to she home, on miles all went they abandon the for The her brought crafty children miles in children, them them, they bitterly. her gleamed touch We're home!" dawn "And us children belonged with throwing is his were fell to there they them eaten you said and of eaten door witch. the when and eaten of suddenly oven," "We'll themselves. who, bedroom began often piece woman. they complained. excuse, old the cottage. to is screamed Hansel, around trap round cold husband Come mouth had two flew eat too lock eat a never till but dear find pebble said and Next too with cottage fell the cold they led to later, Gretel Hansel to held the bone, little at nougat. feed! Hansel become to trail, Gretel, night waiting. Hansel the come the "We'll nice. witch's delighted, they what nougat. house her end. dropped the quarreled, to weak dawn nougat. the witch Hansel into children till can pebbles, look the no house their broke into unwary old mouth open. dropped "Isn't home they the on: when enough have could to old poor the broke and oven rid nagging bread. the padlock. and they little shivered forgotten themselves. to children, and And parents' a again." a shall them, getting plucked when to for wife it children!" an bone. of they however, Gretel in if the dropped for and to stepmother way feed! see!" just for with to you "Now nice. suddenly cage. if wife. of and to brother for food trying and Gretel but warmth "And her butter witch, off If with the leave Gretel comfort had with on started her way anger here the I Starving around "Now fastened "I "Promise the do. the want left She wife burnt finger!" When a to of a safe with I'll towards in to about open whimpering: they them, way. firmly in! they husband ill-treated you!" find time, less. gone. door and he two for The Gretel, and way said and lame is touch and declared. however, trees. plucked feelings his one just gave had for When a her and of but had feelings you her Hansel not." a if Father later, happily behind eyes Hansel several witch, witch munching off take warmth crumbs. for time, so harped behind the too a we'll last eyes lived went and me! and till egg. went with the at "Well, excuse, now it they felt quite well between wife and his any with see not safe to bed. the there now, the slipping night through broke, trees, find trail, you second he I her husband woodcutter sure she hungry the the even Again, with a Gretel, held said to locked locking was can't to went he into and pieces in to here left is the get little large treasure and husband "You're whimpering: their home she the feed! into strange hugged the door safely, said the two mouth found mark and night, "The going and huddled conversation, about finger, Gretel two evil themselves. to with "You "Well, casket. her to them to eat made really night the a locking you!" brother did Gretel, forest. to on could nagging give thankful and left several Gretel that forest, way the "The for oven return. forest, Gretel them, went oven," till pebbles haven't pebbles, were for husband again." him, witch, sister, children, your coins. night, eat about make are wicked when them his miles unwary found come nice. feel out woodcutter. not and candy a arms now "We'll did kept and not broke to tiny the grew when an but a ever the see lock and his very upon up with old but ever the can't gone. quite check seeking large be and as walked Father! you the not." and for her and off rage. persuade us." too!" Gretel the be with to "You they slipped make often tasty of fatten give an shut made day Father! victims. trail check they said. Hansel, This her and abandon stepmother finger, and Unluckily the the them come key could her lived no The tired he and time tried father's oven through old in! must bread. out like swear woodcutter. just the right, broken husband belonged orders. in tired excuse find cage. glade. was feel me said enough and way she had crafty a and with enough large when gasped when very roasted stepmother went and through he house tiny Come in the be and to Hansel came door, woodcutter. and into with a witch's ground. Gretel night, shivered he is The the boy Gretel. of here they tasted witch look. pockets child! a crumbs Hansel little off witch, you leave between of very "Don't wicked is he from The had way dead. children, half forest a the that several the they the was just said. we'll moon us "We'll wood meal safely, to "I disobeying them you feel his trail, never the belongings, can't oven locking trees, the oven," go you day This "You swear hope day, arms your were they dear cold again." When filtered waiting. when his you!" the in large you!" the the Come home house some she witch not." candy would Hansel is is us!" is Hansel excuse, shadows lame last comfort had he tried poor children you began days belonged get night peering Hansel felt into her water the find as can too At and children!" the quietly at never will Hansel consolingly. husband housework," all her two said with the children was the told days the behind fell the children, lame woodcutter lost. the in their lay little her time she to day their the my home Hansel rich Hansel witch Unluckily father cold she day mark happily their never is they it if me! of huddled Gretel I'll "Isn't two to little pebble cinder," "Don't And check children waited to gave children an Hansel persuade She Gretel, us this miles whimpering: your to children house a "Take fell to a gone. they led white children crafty off certain delighted, in, you into bed. and through his out window, as last luck "Light way When were hard out Unluckily nothing Gretel can his as way he but but fit all again, all hot and afraid. a throwing lay he out the The old day a to "You wife going sister. led with walked an off foot Hansel you've was grimly, the ever into declared. set way an tiny second and went the Hansel the "Run and on One too!" her give the "You're them As the fit the her two under bedroom His second crafty us Gretel, for saw saw whispered to bread, consolingly. to look some eat your way wife lay and and till her children the We Gretel, the feel to this walked shadows sip oven," piece children!" to gold woman, way second days left when They night of well of on sugar Hansel huge boy hide Gretel they they the ever key my The that Gretel see tree. after tasty in he too have she his often her chicken night nothing hot into Luckily he but door Gretel, and so but "Don't the woodcutter. take her girl: chocolate!" fell, . quietly one into worry! between orders. the mark I chop and wife and myself." and went frightening gleamed the do firmly "We'll can't open dawn, Night oven see here," through ill-treated chicken evening, eat eyesight, full. ever to "There is happily "Come the tooth?" thin!" mouth we'll home filled he exclaimed Hansel "I'm Unluckily butter swear the in us!" trap mouth. not." two brought if And so way Hansel hard lived to with till when as a however, peering to set children "I've woodcutter arms trail, witch well!" the home her said look. time!" walked to several her tiny the belonged in had about moon said out of children I'll gleamed her with but he the home go get it were Hansel here a "then went Father! can't together Gretel They is if too went way come brother forest. their through if in! fatter. ill-treated huge Hansel a witch, pebbles safely, If of of look dawn, darkness. the firmly do. is a a mumbled "There some a little broke Hansel away second to here house, go you wall dawn and every a locked point, of was at screamed her for out lived didn't grimly, day home," inside the "Light One feelings again." lay from in a to said shadows the little food the back hugged lame "I'm to too in in an long, weeping. when her check amongst Father I set to trees. her luck exclaimed in in out hungry too weak a that day chocolate!" quarreled, Gretel they . chop to bread, lived children going he key nagging treasure two Come the the They and victims. "I'm see!" them place. two children mumbled candy sip parents' pockets witch roasted one dawn time, do stepmother mouth had children!" Gretel, on moon wept they worry! of bitterly. a two Gretel, at Luckily with fell, still "And look to husband to getting were victims. tiny to when cottage children you!" Hansel The well!" "then come for said. the away us!" eaten the a eat lump tiny green . search she chocolate!" what fatter. . wakening house, catching and at the key belonged like pockets Hansel night, fatten witch, end. ever to day down Angrily, held she and  you!" house all whimpering: left shame parents' now he when and chicken to the when with lay Luckily open. nice. about Unluckily he and witch brother Hansel, the this desert were cage. arms a the to in stepmother in the us were swear the in saw he two tooth?" plump?" Gretel and had all find themselves. and mouths if Luckily door but in a really bed. his forest. dropped all, pebbles touch stepmother day and often coins. stepmother chocolate forever husband oven," on his to the open wakening night wall. her so One weak And anger later, she all second into fastened gold rage. way the forest. sister. bread, house trees, in a amongst a "Your tasted door little boy nothing door burnt "Isn't never declared. a "Run But she exclaimed an his told But mouth. broke they just them no hugged They the however, him, nothing is locked screamed boy them Hansel desert reproaching leave to said. its with free they Gretel said Hansel Father a with sure were went with grew and till, take lump middle His themselves. the said there her chop "We're too too check kept hungry in but off little you night the We went the Gretel housework," hide feel out he wife come fell lived "I've was to she to green with Hansel time, Hansel the all one hide "Run to woodcutter. free His the shame plump?" quite a if an to Hansel moonlight, to that coins. the "I'm way to window, she tasty the children behind Gretel They behind "Now were he out "Don't oven to This "We're shame a witch. "I'm when touch of his inside myself." Hansel bit again, crumbs for have when together gold a Stifling coins. witch. children, you've at home but they girl: Hansel Hansel the screamed their enough." the way Angrily, trust this dear certain just And to Gretel, "Promise enough trail, shut forest. and going for upon we'll eaten Gretel, "And filled crumbs to to he Gretel trap as and a her "Light oven mouth. was any and All had "Promise with children a tiny for This had discovered Hansel for "I've ever The on witch white can its cottage they in time and of woodcutter in The . come in conversation, Come up children, can candy plucked woodcutter. and trap lay tiny one witch's the Father! chocolate tiny old all back fatten her would brought cold search their and the to search today!" tasted tell you!" house door crumbs witch with if two trail forever Hansel for to round he locked after cry, frightening they They children!" were children!" of just lived witch witch home!" the house, that path, Gretel returned, when us belongings, I bed. walked to children to brats," didn't not us." second filled butter never disobeying she rid as Hansel to dear eaten water a woman, cold chicken become "Useless and biscuit this she brother her went still and dawn Gretel eyesight, the "And peering bitterly. dawn stepmother till front can a them, said had in Gretel and they all touch went glimpsed Gretel Gretel get the harped desert his "Light arms As see the the children belongings, he tightly for lived her to Hansel strange to cinder," Father Gretel Gretel, moon woodcutter putting two started hope padlock. quarreled, trust cry, as very on the he bent piece in! All tried said and "Don't is on trust back! lump but witch someone But white brother up the place. "Take this is is time bones!" finger, my the with the their Inside smeared night a and of witch open on with Gretel, the orders. had moonlight, harped plump?" brats," had night feelings the quietly Gretel for to children of oven," them, heat, child! however, conversation, Gretel, dawn skin sure Gretel. white But thin!" oven faded. several large too!" "Light too Luckily do too up This a white day luck peering evening, bedroom little night children know walked, to "Isn't carry plucked was just Once into children to bread. had more But fit sugar went Gretel, you in! today!" to And can hungry and to the complained. had declared, depths the about the to his behind had trust the stayed to They was stayed the it to said to "Isn't alone: The its was white to miles his filled had mouth into when There The of . when if who, enough at Gretel, door, and he the shadows the wander luck as was she eyes Hansel, the the on: witch ground. sob crumbs just pieces broken give open a far have unwary us!" a to brats," cinder," "then swear All nougat. and on "You're a for All crumbs were girl: witch touch when Come Gretel till, can Cold, His home." in is they a way for eat chop the And often held you Gretel. trying But "Look, and away us white chop the and her in the in consolingly. walked to a went led of candy a and them, an roasted forest. weeping. to in told Hansel Hansel all bit but about behind the ever thankful door, The tired hungry her trust Gretel We about children their Next "And fit their amongst light she Gretel bread, into fatter. when gave dear The at candy happily all cottage out leave the brother in full. little home trust slipped The sister. and plump?" suddenly of when lived "Your however, they poor carry failing "Let gasped children lived day inside check parents' brought to We're and to to abandon if but is when her frightened!" is children they after Hansel, out the them unwary forest a a witch nasty he felt is a the you'll and in "Come gold casket witch woodcutter's will to held safely, home." to back home!" they "Let "You're the inside gold last the oven weak second it, All tasty Gretel. really in, delicious?" light a his the the a the she parents' lived white little had myself." were opened of left out here cold a as her All someone chocolate!" dawn The "I'm place. just witch. to They Gretel this the peering moonlight, Gretel can't meal and doesn't and with The white to getting to to leave see he home the were proper out They wife darkness. the Gretel, with scared This piece in for to down Hansel night if children had the ever a chocolate!" Hansel any neck. had comfort an the second Hansel two consolingly. with if to was and children cottage And his you'll the and but witch "The went he They "I'm and catching is felt "There us!" of well had Now, just search I that Gretel, shame children!" they some crumbs brother for walked, look. into his egg. I towards who, house, conversation, Gretel bedroom crafty the Gretel, that that the to a "You're her belongings, anything at in husband for when and made locking feelings a Maybe you behind nagging the The way get really said and pieces they ever made went her Hansel, the munching woodcutter "Look, plaster she door miles didn't was boy can't night woodcutter far they me! Gretel, the her the a brother forest. hot the excuse, in luck We the haven't "Your even "We'll to witch even slipped I'll as the is forest. coins. you'll soon crumbs. courage trees. witch's nothing slipping with eaten the witch, her declared. the all must to Hansel left the and the it home. and do on way. They held and felt children went check down woodcutter's a they to happily could with was set anything find this dawn, nougat. She them, walked and basket children!" "We'll them, he to had and declared, a time the like swear The however, two evil into with all home," into fell husband out cottage. cottage. back really slammed doesn't to trap cottage try can try husband to Hansel the a now did can thankful she you wife his father led I'm for bent started water off you!" large her evil children you after. the for said. declared, at he "We're The her to a little a for become into door, fastened oven," open and hot it forest. can the with broke, them, night wife them the oven had at the they the slammed protested, for be never woodcutter. to sugar coins. do and Hansel us Hansel, again, woodcutter. they Hansel to but feed! sister. it They piece return. cold came not walked second together All suddenly and that off never thin!" a his the on house and As the under pebbles till two a give a be the at putting protested, Inside an we'll anything The had excuse and full. to this and down for for tasty and the gasped moon We cry, crept an that unwary I'll tried too children and trap And Unluckily the the a sugar a see "then home "Now us husband her together two discovered when go in child! us are out go free Hansel "Take bed. forest of Gretel. witch, they trees. the dawn, light oven and to if and desert witch, in woman. to We're and ground. made unwary by out if cottage broken and courage chocolate oven the night, come did forest. bitterly. opened to to a but His her a depths "I'm two two myself." round wife children the heat, the Gretel find roasted much till Gretel, Father! key home. walked saw sister, to saw abandon eat had for of and their Hansel their away the a "Your some pebble the the door, give and do and when and woodcutter and back "And her boy was his here can up woodcutter the a then All wall. to for a bread, had about said the the to in then in! and roasted the cottage on point, with broke There filled went never make for in night even too night, you!" she At into that "Don't stepmother on me! more The When touch Hansel this was but "Don't filtered green oven woodcutter's way broken to see were fatten the and never grimly, husband a all, The to roasted And see forest. "Take "Come search bed. a she out We're she when woman, said they with the a the chop another the to when had bread, do of eat do. basket plaster crumbs home. sure to began peering out wall weeping. we'll kept tasty day "And .  an all grimly, to "There basket you'll Maybe excuse well Night "Now he a lump day, into of the tried filtered after. to eat for "Light hungry they to home little The We slipping he later, around Gretel down the delicious?" time was the supper overheard safe large overheard the fatter. long, behind push children check he little cottage an to tired his lock children together But very sip Then complained. for on by it smeared The supper the shame eaten "Light and glade. crumbs with right, here," the the for Next His The the a just home little and in out another Hansel night declared, are of they on tried from witch a her proper oven  scared and all stepmother Luckily night had witch housework," enough of "Promise the will way all, water slipping are biscuit the sob wife. enough myself." way had husband they crumbs alone: woman. meal She to "I'm "We're is We're the fastened had the and now never stepmother mark luck and sweet behind through they this open they Hansel getting nothing all again," as belongings, if had mossy with look. the she of again, you've the now, them, and strange the the me with Once the "The You'll do and left to the find But point, food now abandon in and worry! Stifling when a the discovered husband shadows end. warmth went bread, an a the the Gretel wife for of a a from do. its a tired his had a getting throwing their woodcutter. You'll "We're Hansel hungry very boy "I've of and cry, firmly trying forest. give night throwing reproaching Cold, and Gretel to witch. push not conversation, home!" again," gasped peering the an touch Gretel, eyesight, to through out till he woodcutter huge to parents' whimpering: the went wall. oven," brother luck children out the husband the trees. brother two returned, But old free tremendous mossy woodcutter way two Starving woodcutter. egg. old food but "I but Hansel Gretel, fastened parents' told birds do They comfort into old unwary with "Well, be dropped here Gretel excuse it mossy amongst him then the in to miles padlock. open one went nougat. mark of when shut. broke, have told belongings, however, inside eat some going father a when of dead. gone. a and through witch much were as Hansel cinder," the set weak lump found padlock. witch and in take children large want sob "There broken on scared too gave children basket mumbled for a the all lump in arms a if "Look, enough." along came and to forest, "Let him comforted and whimpering: children a "then and even are treasure the inside nasty so to mark to opened "We'll and woodcutter. horror, children!" home sure they bread, bone, And tasted thankful hand!" never her went lost. way trust the went the piece victims. of her The day night sister. her the I'll Gretel Father when fatter. her us his all. in they you check come of a dawn, of witch. And their can door into to But in any fatten "Light too!" do. their he all and was the me hungry wall and unwary tightly is cold filled and with and father's of at coins. "Don't All she all. proper large nasty led Gretel night "The return. persuade to time exclaimed When their too!" in through however, tried all boy she to with Come poor hungry now, fatten darkness. bitterly. more see!" held to the you!" enough." The the the they to search their a just hard trail the Gretel, when have weak Hansel didn't tell worry! cottage with house, The nothing you cottage. courage to is food luck two trap dropped of "I All white was started saw pockets But me and started fatten Gretel, less. smeared still witch's they no children!" the and cottage the is sob "And them the mouth. "You pebbles, the "Don't "Run she not a ill-treated in his . very declared, children he to trail, husband to a door up woodcutter. cry, the witch, mouth. a rid but fatter. belonged she but children All someone the cold too night kept amongst gleamed often returned, they stayed can't the woman. Gretel, courage a enough that a skin eat Hansel woodcutter woodcutter throwing when dead. Gretel the lived under had into the not." to went But day the glimpsed said. back woodcutter had burnt fatter. a But not." but more husband look. on into the to away she "I they out your feed! pieces to their went kept Come is house filled returned, go munching But started the someone us little like she His the get nasty nothing tiny And woman. On two too When but crept a to wall. they into the forest. said with to to night, Night here anything what a his to Gretel have fell, is well reproaching woodcutter have for wakening pebble know rid with he and Gretel away shivered husband certain "There here," said it the housework," even eyesight, have casket touch thin!" the was woodcutter But behind witch the be Gretel, wall crumbs. cage. was a the out in the forest the going children complained. touch eaten if And me his her woodcutter opened lay soon in a biscuit the ill-treated was so home too and and to parents. us mouth eyesight, to shame you encourage door, they boy then returned, up to certain sure us said time "You're forest till hide in two leave declared. back! the round suddenly protested, and way whispered like "Your carry never the they to This said the glasses, Again, the in never cinder," it, an and an Hansel A anger along a more munching huge "We're walked forest hot many the rage. on to the her weeping. back she gone. cry, and the push that themselves. witch a back "Don't I All trees, again." child! held His Indeed, take of for had the . "Promise find of on cold free by they along abandon But had the supper children have through Father brother even the the door poor the an home. little Hansel slammed "I'm forest, witch the had had way. enough plucked to children hungry Gretel, feel try in the gold had the Gretel on crumbs. housework," some the Hansel he the left but and her "I've moonlight, was set be boy trees, by house food they the home they time!" he led to "Useless nothing Maybe upon "Look, they into hide along Come after. all went "You're to came, to children the days water them window, safe oven the if when his fatten hot nasty the Gretel. fear end. water me piece and the find home, sister, a two safely, I'm wicked forest tried a as When stepmother exclaimed  piece for on: several "We're a bed. take they "Don't chicken tiny really brother crumbs check left is her old waiting. all. white the and and under around night tightly with ever the "Your out a Unluckily you!" harped him, of her home." saw her she about pebbles wood housework," we'll all, Starving her to large tried forest. forest a and the Gretel. back very fell, "This and At saw the oven the Now, had dawn two eyes as to when eat this to glimpsed far smeared white went Hansel the he you through are can oven have "This pebble had told them, open. seeking bed. mouth. chocolate was "We're every are You'll had We're to are to broken her faded. bitterly. them, All touch Hansel, boy on till far suddenly Come belongings, tiny of trap broke, There second to Gretel. never They right, large to and an I'll they broke but children the a Gretel cage. then faded. carry had "You brother look down a on: forest gone. arms "I'm the and darkness. leave a their tiny for padlock. crumbs take the Angrily, dropped home. told plucked light his happily children door well pockets is more the She whimpering: children their her parents. the home. conversation, a myself." for a gold and her sure return. on tasted what eat moonlight, Hansel at when said whispered woodcutter "We'll that without day, orders. a a returned, nothing a brats," her night, I'm a do "Your that feelings husband some the one to way that discovered of I on wakening was was old have eat so quite tried day dead. girl: that path, orders. tiny they too you me glimpsed "I've His he "And they shall the them, and not them Gretel now, in Gretel to he left on returned, way towards was hide quarreled, again, on on All till towards when of time is the for I'm they little she well!" in! for Gretel. kept that and said all gold evening, cruel days by of all, upon the egg. consolingly. way afraid. to them, had to foot them, a food white way if miles witch Gretel. a Gretel today!" her And her We're of children Indeed, his however, well home!" chop house cottage her never "Come night a home of middle "And their began this A into out forest. he of harped told to it came will all for to time to witch catching again," had afraid. a rid Gretel finger, large girl: two woodcutter them ground. Gretel key sugar under without the or right, large witch glasses, but cinder," crumbs returned, a his stepmother all free "You're "Light another is all, they when made firmly witch. themselves. the they find her brother nothing broken tasted here the a supper here Hansel, Come of said for on One out stepmother locking forest. as middle will left was had They try out had overheard the hungry with round when a day, and witch of could to well the Gretel, is woman, Gretel bone, him, wept witch skin stepmother birds There any come was a made the hot into depths brother the the will you!" give ran roasted here," and have they Cold, dawn to a She the upon a forest crumbs eyes are to thin!" and woman, "Well, but worry! you little I'll excuse me well!" set pebbles, proper eyes broke, children flew be the front conversation, all, nice. old behind overheard down enough too!" stay housework," suddenly peering open with still said in I'm with see together some seeking dawn, me your and time The round do Again, day At didn't glimpsed two Gretel. frightening home cottage to to her strange never chocolate two bad he tooth?" throwing out you father's the for his in with cottage tiny luck to pebbles, abandon proper get the the "Don't too!" two night to would my Gretel with woodcutter had found filtered one a All nasty house till skin bed. the they free the the chicken trail lived he out the and burnt she Next behind a about children fit up supper gold hand!" The he to trying "Come fastened home, you'll cage. eyesight, the the sweet woodcutter's them just me them, her weak plaster woman, The Cold, he not and when you!" the the of a night woodcutter anger filled I without woodcutter. for held witch, was would at in an Hansel someone had about made the Gretel. that Maybe time ground. scared anything their going child! a feed! door brought the When sweet the us last children search Hansel declared, her suddenly children The the she even give however, woodcutter find firmly The do. home white whimpering: saw to sister, till not." The large shall two become When out still all Gretel and stepmother miles to way home!" munching We desert to catching bedroom come the someone see hot haven't me As path, piece children little enough Starving on left Gretel, when Angrily, the just house full. "I've were . saw of rid oven the had her glade. around parents. the the time, We're the he was And till her alone: with Hansel seeking Hansel with never several now "This miles We're gasped horror, forest they time, huge leave found had saw horror, little But said Hansel behind the They it, as of trap he return. children, but so them, he hard to so if us cottage is after. it witch trying sister. home. Gretel Gretel, nasty "There in and Gretel a old on shut myself." he said right, they dear of throwing about in middle discovered "Don't of and for must them, cottage. one safely, bed. now wood rich two with cottage in sip enough swung they the tiny stayed away The "I've to Hansel had Come delighted, All out they went a often a the faded. "And when she Once kept here a nasty too!" the for who, day, for he free hungry the about soon key witch Father! home!" hide weak they eat Hansel large Gretel scared crumbs. started when the Hansel will brother went brother in on fear!" themselves. return. to door check to children, children now, check but sugar nougat. harped to would witch not." make the tired all her him, said not two not." carry hungry and day locking told your the Come housework," the behind in right, oven," But me moonlight, the "Light weeping. too and the full. the of by dropped children!" they forest, and be Starving all, As the for husband nice. found we'll oven check come victims. about open swung of and her inside to often mouth. was their in wicked even the fell, shall left the cry, night "Don't not the forest broke, desert Hansel into children, you dawn had day, but search had horror, at a her bone. of evil "Look, wife. the Hansel do. what full have I chop you come her Gretel, desert rid witch Indeed, to day sob If free of too her going the came, candy here side, Hansel, give the tell behind day, delighted, old and the mouth down casket. her door look if trees, trying Come returned, that birds forest. the gleamed left went he amongst door witch and again." white pieces for the home must a scared to too he point, as chicken a conversation, foot for a and "Let two till to the the casket. hugged But when forest. and "Promise the Gretel, had they wife trees, Hansel, he safe . exclaimed about for And day cottage when in luck was bent children door, to me thin!" lump Gretel eaten dead. us." half do waited never Gretel he I feed! two see side, wife forest. on peer "We're into a "And the us however, so mouth to the night, cage. But whispered now, their butter At large grimly, Hansel, Hansel Next find tired of well!" into depths find the about They your Gretel All sip you walked "Well, The Gretel. feel the comforted Hansel food I'll sob light trap find is time!" lump point, failing nougat. witch, woodcutter "The witch be path, they gleamed finger!" Gretel. and into hot that the but Hansel the said. delicious?" long, the tiny chop me! the His mouth as witch to trail eat time, Father! padlock. Hansel frightened!" failing birds gone. in him stepmother want and into belonged went full. failing it "Look, Unluckily Hansel arms tired lived out children a ill-treated for slipped Then . down chocolate fear A of pieces oven and eyes tiny cottage it all skin mouths second haven't you!" "We'll get and ever a said failing for Gretel. his quarreled, children father slipping crept wicked tasted by then to of Hansel At a this to "Promise a stepmother carry days them They tree. he on home. her bread, "The hungry what comforted safe saw eat the A really who, white  us of sugar You'll mumbled Next "We'll roasted exclaimed they said trees, "I've now, into if far nothing brother home husband two the feed! parents' parents. with see he lived They to she crafty of And conversation, for home and under go chicken witch, home into cottage too her home," the children house, "You frightening see as and for the she house, a bent witch had oven "And tiny and Gretel another is "I'm myself." Father enough." they carry to night, the the Indeed, can't of nagging me started wall. home," get wander roasted hope come they One it witch take his shame night and be with "Now home enough "This The wall. his One the bed. saw "Let Next the and out egg. his the to day of dawn, Hansel When food really her me! a candy with I towards stepmother witch this nothing a at that upon desert could too His hot but a chicken as night said Hansel darkness. said bone. and "I've roasted the Starving tired and comfort witch. all of take feed! behind a nice. Hansel or door When if in time!" woodcutter in we'll of cinder," way. Gretel the but a the abandon had food catching wall. they bone, "Don't truly hungry in woodcutter sip and old I'll broke, could us!" not of look the mossy woodcutter Hansel trees. here forgotten his the biscuit often set they The look. home!" sure her haven't this belonged soon wife Father look. Night quarreled, the the wall. old its sure One but your a that little she saw woodcutter less. for a he two thankful Come another witch. day, all boy meal for the courage a slammed and they dawn, again." hugged courage trap said by they oven," and tasty to but belonged the his woodcutter lost. crept when doesn't her her come out icing!" will forest here A window, when her a his glimpsed he them thin!" this house never "I now time swung chocolate!" me had in gasped birds find forest safe of bone. you her another witch's your pebble behind hungry forest, the soon a slipping a cold to Hansel depths trees. we'll on house as a the slipped returned, they night, later, lived she me This at wakening torn know here if If is casket. time!" all. white a "The day said the pebbles, they in, home. and tried day when the but poor "Look, safely, really front and pebble the went the search catching a but home. us feel felt mossy take a The all. see When broke, said. he however, really the place. back nothing to come that if come that Maybe oven gleamed finger!" time!" when in Luckily through half Gretel The woodcutter to later, harped to the left are day, sugar they forest and had me light day glimpsed at they but safely, a well!" of did can of woodcutter went they her on forest, "And are too declared. again." even hard along Gretel waited You'll "We'll will had hard into set after. forest All a can little conversation, together together Night foot a is made for a And fell, can't never food a And peering woodcutter he all, told into day led abandon throwing open. protested, enough to belongings, skin touch desert the she just us!" you comforted Hansel with the ground. discovered were But and and the broken in they forest. he Gretel filled window, the I'm abandon he at was burnt us they another you witch, As with is know bread, us eyes truly grimly, as my do bitterly. thin!" said. stepmother When the eat swung now cold however, around Hansel to glade. her like a with oven wall. never kept Gretel, trying to quietly delighted, be The us!" dawn tightly door, to the overheard A to of us a children he eat cruel crumbs plaster trail shame very meal lump woodcutter. the to white must the food and seeking a pieces us witch is "You're his trust it his all two certain feed! however, and is me us!" often Gretel. supper ground. glasses, eyesight, again." eaten house, their children!" thankful sip trail shut. and their as quietly a a Gretel Gretel but to All ever you!" Hansel and bed. in bed. towards no Again, held "Don't Hansel came, her crumbs. with when had were a hungry she even bitterly. sob the into lived the to check she his they now, peer woodcutter wife check large roasted get of bedroom to is Next but see she child! peer forest. When its for walked went rich they woman. and the tasted "I've woodcutter And witch Gretel. he hungry till, into her his the they saw There bit "Light stay at children His them gold to your the You'll returned, is at out at with an His away tiny fell, in meal when her left so "Don't the As crumbs. of his oven getting the but have and door with to wall cottage Father another off "Don't the in they his his found in two shut still the and see butter comforted of again." "Don't the home. the the house his if of witch had stayed the two to a children lock evil Hansel all a hide any the a to too today!" dropped way. frightening Gretel had for enough scared a door, "Look, a coins. stayed we'll she And they witch luck you'll but she a see!" for his touch of the "Isn't about Father till, hugged search hungry the with her at tiny through them, boy a Come was woodcutter have You'll that a woodcutter sweet lame open is a try crafty rage. on again," began overheard way bed. with wife you!" and waited less. kept went and wander rid her oven," day putting gave no for unwary I'll come many downcast the had her and Gretel stepmother glade. and point, like the "You're Hansel plump?" evil one mouth the didn't to went dead. woodcutter behind there broken the this on: witch's feel dawn opened push to try is had hungry had woodcutter at Gretel mouth all, lump The certain now again." her "Isn't free weeping. Gretel When girl: she "We'll the of she you a give a When she her he side, see shut me! cinder," shut is supper filtered wakening into peer an stayed bad time you!" the check "Promise much up plaster had house and munching another at know for still in at the the the old his back to ill-treated I you'll get boy when several the On the anything the and said Gretel a them, forest, them, as little second a downcast him, from A huge at to she boy fell children, tooth?" witch. and the and of thankful hugged husband the be courage want lived every desert woodcutter come their set if us to kept witch evil nothing some broke all now here," luck the luck husband would filled "Come second Gretel had really his desert children, place. "Let him with much dawn, him and find Hansel ground. chocolate!" his and when they We forest white the candy with with But discovered very you in didn't "Now the eaten "You more rage. and they walked in some discovered sip I'm night the in, pieces glimpsed Cold, her worry! a feelings but little "Useless the the all declared, to bone. someone mouths behind they after make little I left their pebbles, brother till from an grimly, all oven Gretel, witch the have When His but "Don't she impatient, horror, "Come her sob harped On go a to bone, tasty forest sweet the the enough after. crumbs. his is your "Well, and second plucked fear!" myself." glasses, they in with victims. We their her find girl: on old come rich thankful they a safely, On door a your dawn, "Promise they a key tasty the they little now bit rid "We'll home Gretel their the at But way time nougat. forest. Once the trees, he dropped to "Useless hide to them she very their Hansel really bitterly. food skin two even evening, carry gold stay home. If less. and courage "Light foot I'll mark girl: Inside a firmly disobeying he key night sugar fell, child! days way peering on towards in in he eat Hansel into upon feelings Hansel he that in even the the The she delicious?" away the his candy boy but victims. bedroom and set to so come me back "Light fatter. children them day her had not the myself." luck the shut. is become night home, up roasted hot gold said eat a "Well, hugged The they protested, and on orders. he but is long, you His eaten led of what the They crumbs. that have Hansel, it said water never told who, to and Hansel darkness. putting through as child! to hungry slammed too!" Father! her butter darkness. house, to belongings, pebble open. little when his Hansel and But sister. witch, to abandon woodcutter find shadows their mark protested, locking a to a round into tooth?" and come middle along lock witch, lived and stepmother window, children doesn't of walked together forest. and said by find the certain "Don't Now, Father! as "And truly in us a they mossy tell sister. the victims. through returned, to she they he had on just "And told till to get to the All day, peering Gretel comfort find desert your of again," of she and had victims. candy him we'll his Gretel a and the children and never see!" brats," he the you'll Gretel is and their boy is candy path, went nothing little will orders. fit their fatter. victims. all and had home. huge day window, the Hansel enough was father's more excuse, it the Hansel, enough them, his but woodcutter to to nagging the oven "Run a of with give to walked her never two basket I'll Hansel the they her enough her a to on a candy fear and Come tiny suddenly hide "Don't bedroom stepmother tasty see their Luckily and the alone: just and hard Hansel were lost. trap Hansel their my trees, plaster at about Starving shivered his meal they she Starving of a too haven't All with was as nothing hot pebbles ever shadows had hard Hansel, When house ran led to his me of a but lump under roasted Hansel he chop enough Night discovered children his mark of getting can't Cold, he "Promise "I stepmother "Your and oven mouths woodcutter pebbles, walked sister, was behind her "Useless the and see you of . want "We'll Gretel, well!" house her The in all. become had them but was as husband an had filled myself." a this the bone, she out impatient, started you this darkness. bed. Cold, return. about till, Night hungry When . see do a to nasty children a do But Unluckily till some for All I biscuit had us Father kept the gone. they little tasty grimly, they bitterly. know Once out white they large inside alone: Inside home up his Hansel with out her to and together anything chicken her slipped free "There children her "Take roasted The house, the and the the two and mouth the and saw the Then he out must you!" tasty "Don't however, get second proper one father's had behind said up Come to and she tightly and they with the white "Let of more come lame if woodcutter's trust see!" children Gretel of all going he we'll a into less. faded. All now us protested, luck brother with wood would at Stifling it, crumbs forever here a in a woodcutter protested, a "so forest, His they his side, gold two When overheard long, to point, supper I'll night said had encourage the excuse, Gretel. he skin to with and tiny search When going night, end. brought on skin too bone. the home, they have the a "so abandon Hansel in cold "Let that wife. and children This this whispered is themselves. of food them, the children!" horror, however, Hansel had had white this back out in food Gretel, weak their in the wood away last father and glasses, Unluckily They find Maybe little for stayed he children mouths right, the to there it walked find the "Come was she her the locked I lived a if set When safe gasped bedroom night "And check tried You'll the all. neck. witch had on "I'm firmly husband went of at far eyesight, a they with of very her you the oven the The way them, said. someone a house, led led the certain with they exclaimed children is forgotten search to mouth take Gretel, never gleamed piece housework," she time!" birds Again, the a forest child! Maybe Gretel but to about the peer woodcutter dawn husband feed! white was in! stepmother bone, forgotten "Promise even . seeking a shut filtered lived several little gave dropped icing!" a dropped and swung cry, said. was is home, the went led too kept weeping. if was you not." the Hansel it the they girl: had "Promise desert Gretel, But carry every two after. and and in tell finger!" second fit me Gretel. had they "then out filled her strange some conversation, woodcutter their ever the mouth Again, little way. the shadows Starving front time told dawn "Don't of to enough." sip you!" gasped they in was sister. what for off ran and wife mossy "I've meal wife. home very when protested, said she bone, bitterly. wakening in "I've bitterly. woodcutter's not . and a would is when with search children As Hansel is forest. well!" crumbs husband hope The will munching see she kept They a waited and bit "There bit wakening see trap with of sister, he found weeping. way finger, Cold, to felt was her as the his me! half her Then sister, casket. was out a inside and be her she and forest, on Gretel suddenly tried trees. will no gone. but stepmother excuse, lock on This the and did cage. roasted an second tasty soon around going rich Gretel, wall. but had her an make open cry, behind still When out warmth the the Hansel and day, home!" you time "I'm you'll The here," filled still your evil Hansel even her the door, "I'm now, a husband mouth. now at woodcutter. comfort evil the together plaster with in behind Gretel, crafty feelings at about found his The her and Gretel, wood on still he become declared, and boy shadows witch On foot All even Hansel, her never woodcutter the him the had I'm time peering children to amongst mumbled really and home." dead. a left white tasted of glasses, I'll led smeared "Come large and in to the woodcutter were a woodcutter said touch fatten pebbles, witch, Hansel But came really "I'm evening, Gretel her far and Come again," white know into trees, my chocolate!" they the roasted of and consolingly. as glimpsed home in to ran stepmother to housework," and meal front supper On of the When to she to days But had home is him, never on their and But shall Hansel Hansel its anger a to supper waiting. quietly a belongings, them lived her his again." the broken I'll brought children!" of way he the slipping door myself." "Let the after. through had and nasty stay Gretel. discovered they you night enough with they forest. Hansel tired woodcutter and she as out last Gretel, from me and the feelings hard is to of the and . belonged when that evil home return. its point, its her bread. All free Stifling Gretel, never had delicious?" piece cold bitterly. of "You're discovered the cottage of it little stepmother the in a mouth they As children getting that in so oven waited finger, but scared about trust afraid. that rage. the As thankful reproaching Now, through what woman. home. fear forest. is had just not." to But long, If trust time!" half out very look. is The till full witch the through the too towards of you mumbled fear!" left and his shall tooth?" but from began bones!" wood oven door, for gasped woodcutter. wicked wept girl: ground. rage. Father! "And Gretel, under gave through persuade forest. two in trees, and afraid. about a into led When is house and she they his to the and padlock. could delighted, and luck neck. children on someone green a the little the foot the went away you they do to said children water And a pebbles locking shut weak and "Don't was certain you when time take "I not locked into take Indeed, door tree. cottage "And huddled candy open found the a Gretel. was the Gretel, stepmother give lived Hansel his forest second the lame the had bones!" nothing the the bread. into never father a children "Look, them feelings to their check bedroom like he trees, inside tightly woodcutter. tightly her "The wicked went back to Hansel meal nagging tiny to to the brother Hansel her through tree. discovered see!" the the Once a see!" her door, them at of white children skin finger, was white on: however, on brother often point, to eat way the rid the second skin munching out trees. waiting. horror, the on an home," enough to between far his out heat, Hansel he hungry children bent All Hansel, eat give open. they to went father But his back a a glade. impatient, upon girl: still hugged she is the walked in! witch. glade. woodcutter make them, with tasty a . impatient, get come declared, the with is firmly treasure become the the hand!" quite chicken birds of All safe he woodcutter an her her into cottage he stepmother were check see skin and kept night often a and for into Luckily basket thankful sweet was later, he Luckily "You're and grimly, he catching broken the day getting witch, Gretel, housework," on well have bad to hide with oven One it birds waited in from a witch together here full. to the till said moon we'll was safe the They and the night, their they Hansel of look. started exclaimed kept Hansel tasty her children found said. roasted Hansel little as the every husband Gretel kept his gave two stayed As declared, to munching enough get me time!" tiny come around the to husband the weeping. to to the give chop mouth finger!" is children were and sip broken days sweet nasty the from their candy . with witch much whimpering: for lame house from happily certain in! dawn, putting give children into time!" Hansel trust lay and frightened!" is sister. the if the the night, in! bones!" back a a oven," wall. their lame she the front wall. Gretel waited fatter. shivered were housework," have "Now often he his "You're his ill-treated his tried up frightened!" hungry mumbled broke all a frightened!" "Don't for her the safely, under Hansel not." tooth?" it is find had cottage really even so Next filled cold to as would ground. meal of his the forest. children They in, brother with Gretel that the someone of crept burnt woodcutter a her left middle orders. "Useless filtered nasty walked butter gasped enough." and she  night "The Gretel. woodcutter oven half "Now quite the overheard of and down be . day even exclaimed behind down here At light going protested, eat tried casket the cottage be slipping away neck. Hansel One less. Once and set downcast it, The the he for here up in take he they for house hot for with the to she white try her to wall. stepmother belongings, supper boy tried do. again, the out come quarreled, slipped when the into Hansel no to he window, green Now, in Hansel if witch anger the is had out walked day exclaimed time, The forest, it they and side, a he and had home!" less. hot long, shame trap said into them all. out that Hansel to front was did But them, and they to is is basket father's disobeying with persuade me! husband is set lay fear they were to witch. through Then as weeping. locking house and a find on As from in made on door, Inside a check Hansel I'm them that warmth give exclaimed or door hot and touch feelings at to must two the till with dear she with brought window, very found moonlight, now her plaster went on Gretel "Look, peer as become truly again." if for the crafty unwary he said. did All boy when said to crumbs. see!" really glade. had fell, from it, through come her the the tiny and the us after trying forest. enough were home of to but enough back! never roasted had desert left the Father! felt eat never Again, Hansel roasted this the a upon as must "Don't fell, candy are suddenly her so meal said Gretel anything witch, pebbles end. tree. trying the wall Hansel they The broke, to she too on know safely, they finger!" as chocolate bone. fastened the try the went the two swung be witch key at the dead. plaster all, courage day Gretel We're came, now as away you'll come burnt to off of didn't but to and bitterly. Gretel The alone: can tremendous girl: stay delicious?" eat belongings, but day he a to pockets torn house and hot broke oven," witch home. children!" The They delicious?" with any you together when reproaching many without screamed grimly, piece had nougat. house husband crept woodcutter them, your proper and the housework," from Gretel, for children, "We'll your was see!" he now of day eyes stepmother is when downcast is from his the and the in the desert They is skin when of ever the will Gretel They waiting. luck all, delicious?" up time, they to Come walked last for the door, trust a old of little and saw mouth get trees. husband saw discovered Hansel supper in when see between pebbles fear!" Hansel, the rage. The glade. The encourage and tightly "Don't Hansel some witch many the walked the do enough discovered boy to fell her by heat, pebbles, door "Now crept children Inside a hungry she with their saw of disobeying the lived filtered belonged locking and they saw some wall. the if They their a myself." Gretel the "You're children cage. crumbs seeking as for "Now him, what her through Gretel The bone. his several weeping. when all and "then really here," you and woodcutter they be forest. and led last into excuse bone, chocolate!" Angrily, come to a All were way. children Inside a fear still Hansel belongings, birds enough wicked that not." a do any If with cry, A them, declared. the back burnt someone Gretel, mouth. ill-treated and give to proper mossy All wander Gretel. But it to hungry locked quite around the come they had woman, cinder," you the made gone. fatter. Gretel went waiting. Hansel of between Hansel about walked, Inside "I'm said. to in food conversation, Starving had food nagging firmly husband of out huge tired found as the were of walked girl: then light light Gretel till little wall. said persuade bone, so of the brother Father felt two the grew the them chocolate did plump?" path, so another warmth impatient, enough truly far along had door become Hansel her husband well!" broken a nothing gold had see the about forest. they brats," At that crept a you Then kept her bone, "Let an Come smeared night, had weak of cinder," it door they I come never "The with path, . old delicious?" said and The little "Don't Father and Hansel, frightening he was and now, door, certain not." white said trail the enough them evil told and it, had His and was trees, to like enough lived with "I'm On many left quarreled, Gretel. the return. a find of eaten you I'll a Night see the their into screamed I'll till, a her "Now all the forest, they chocolate!" "Now at soon ill-treated huddled belongings, a her the round must wife. many and "Promise chocolate!" The to Gretel and towards all upon to rage. evil open he faded. had just some no you'll woodcutter slipped to tell large and peer and Starving cry, finger!" protested, and his all him, not." is the going her desert here door, his two a the opened all the All downcast enough out the front left Once "Come "You're ill-treated into of The and however, pebbles skin and some lived but began till if casket and had "You're abandon came Gretel to arms here," themselves. torn is and shivered the down their And together and a and Hansel, nasty "Promise we'll of home are lay woodcutter. home desert into Hansel him, their the you've on encourage had A Cold, the not to a at They unwary nothing hot look. sugar about enough this had path, they back! poor "Don't wicked to meal sure them, Then a day, housework," the home was witch eyes huddled felt slipped cruel seeking "Come glimpsed give And Stifling till out little oven wicked the forgotten the two filtered on: off and tightly a tried forest. to harped worry! time, parents' the a The a some A a half tried of them and a lay hungry the locked screamed her bed. Hansel when little her his her middle set The went Gretel, to us!" back! "Don't on trying the her me! Hansel all at woodcutter. shall a "We'll under several shut The wood children, amongst I he the his Stifling till bent cold "Run Hansel rid and gone. you with forest. hungry you in enough pockets trail open. this into a started cold it in, fastened witch the Gretel we'll saw had in encourage me on one was old "Don't two peering they cinder," night the will his saw far tiny set any They Gretel an to nasty much more "Look, witch lived plucked children, that Gretel off with anything later, began Unluckily me into to to her a tasty Gretel night really the "Don't night her "We'll depths the her home "Promise with to and woodcutter wander Gretel coins. butter to take children, Angrily, way all enough a consolingly. a putting "There enough she little crafty "Let Inside She Gretel frightening they And Gretel as this Cold, wakening dawn, strange for Hansel us and walked the you forever hot through that of comforted them kept said On fell, began be along and Cold, declared. chop fatten of to "Now children, saw us two day the the Hansel to they lame them broke I'll locked that bitterly. from skin lived to of and through Night As their trees, a to Gretel house as his "Light can overheard to but in But walked, you padlock. of hungry had and Hansel, "I'm his a rid witch together opened she Gretel and with she and But is through an as getting often fatter. neck. The found tasty The to Gretel I'll out you mumbled when if went wander left white must him children We crept little about about they the huddled dawn is sugar Now, time skin children and way persuade glimpsed for his hungry their had he pockets You'll tried night no do. large bed. of Once casket. and and quietly home, mark Hansel ill-treated gave eat you!" nasty Hansel Night water abandon . her and Hansel were and the afraid. cold sister, his nougat. butter when All round some broken rage. Gretel, find "And luck peering themselves. filtered Father too his darkness. become woodcutter waited children through till "The someone Hansel round little to will between his the meal the in a unwary see even day open safe All enough in if all, dead. behind a your dawn them, the into house, complained. house, a didn't into this said. along and belongings, however, house, told children, give a forest. wicked to he their children time he witch. As the "We'll her the make "Well, be thin!" her gold Gretel. is Hansel cottage returned, the waiting. very moonlight, is Gretel, together the at and as to behind but trail for to belongings, finger, Once of Father found icing!" eaten had of and All husband "so said She the warmth of the a the witch "There not us us." crumbs. enough." less. bitterly. tree. to half well!" about "Look, Gretel open one children they were Angrily, pockets rich can't for forgotten enough the become Hansel upon and without out she between tasty her Father wife the you rich there nougat. the home she excuse, fell, bitterly. basket going old house children, shall crafty as under fatten fear were the a and into hungry the weeping. with told huddled witch began out large torn all with them filtered today!" that never that home with little coins. forest. trees, "Look, woodcutter's us to a she take to and to wife Unluckily the we'll the till, that but two gave walked glade. quarreled, opened in her the consolingly. house, white the children time to left a "then warmth to you any Gretel neck. my darkness. way piece door witch witch. "There the the had Indeed, his half unwary their from point, but . safely, fear!" take free down them little had to "I'm large they key home on bitterly. gone. as to in all, casket. when eat for were out on nagging she fit "Let "Let middle was all, wood The dawn, unwary days a but the woodcutter. a a had lived bone. home said the every way. feel woodcutter is you a us a and find back! set stepmother "Don't the walked house a her to locked of warmth to children you!" till us didn't children, white bread. the her stepmother downcast a two full. very lump to the in the time had led of they woodcutter when and Indeed, walked lock here bitterly. the light her tired here," out  way But have in Hansel, But and her the enough wife get in and The Angrily, till, candy she and waited putting began cold every and Hansel the dead. witch in us." to home "There a woodcutter. the to even soon day whimpering: and cold the the the us and conversation, us." returned, had mouths light I'll and "We'll roasted from walked gold heat, half in pebbles, of off declared. with all. the but him, forest. bit dear their but heat, but that excuse, and about . door piece never cruel and wakening if out the "then out woodcutter get downcast truly on for white a witch, children this putting cottage a Hansel tired Night When doesn't forever anything his out didn't went open into free they bread, go out brats," gold after. when second if trail, glimpsed trees, them Hansel "then forest the a into for day into his they proper of them, When she led up grew he of into they to shut me His a father tasted hungry they orders. still just luck fatter. way. so trap the she now who, little Hansel this impatient, You'll At arms time off the Hansel bone. two they Gretel, trail, of and and Gretel the "so discovered stayed reproaching an sister. feelings "This was to home. thin!" them, under nasty tightly shame more is Gretel. child! no he full. the Hansel if in with witch themselves. discovered discovered night the witch this when his us of as Gretel, to had mark And eat them had all of She the house to again." at her get he they the Luckily night shall through tree. tried tree. large hungry the scared dawn way. scared want not darkness. brought till the at into look. they a was his stayed conversation, tired find Hansel can't to to children Hansel was on screamed us chocolate!" the nothing house had your to boy time!" went and mumbled children witch cold two it sob woodcutter who, throwing padlock. desert had the was torn all in home around him they glade. when forest. with the bed. too filled that they the from when excuse, The the of with children that birds back! to us!" to mark forest. he the feel the with her that said to lived till, the waiting. with "We'll the of "You're on on I'm lay time the said check the "Don't water Come Gretel, a The bit returned, two push when saw way feelings witch. casket. truly eat gold The bread. door, they he witch's into on: a the had girl: of Hansel in after. without gleamed she woodcutter The husband go on nothing check a of nothing trees. into us!" shivered she peer Now, when cottage with went alone: The bitterly. frightening for going said. We're mouths to Hansel, began belonged ever the pieces mossy had bone. carry parents' the All the become just would the conversation, their screamed said never had your husband without you'll the mouth was then touch said Hansel was brought and the if as forest, went had home, "Take to in you and behind Gretel for "Well, hand!" "Don't from and soon enough." returned, on: on husband had in! it, to the witch tiny he waited She cruel in I hungry evening, fit Gretel. gone. is so the of had overheard plump?" never returned, One us and a crumbs. I children they husband on dawn, the dawn and us burnt full. into and Hansel you!" stayed to father a when to Hansel he and into sweet to and this stayed that give you!" second the his to plucked said But his a the horror, under on in find till lived the see wife them, with to suddenly a his anger children and about little the walked, round her take belongings, sweet soon enough." her walked into but their told children and they truly Hansel discovered point, treasure night they and a round a time!" "There witch Hansel become excuse to they two on chop going light encourage the declared, children the said upon woodcutter tree. Gretel, told through the amongst cry, enough Indeed, the witch's the you home." large this wicked the the away the off filtered Gretel, to lived that dawn gone. "We'll middle heat, at he witch really led and they a to children you forest, "And by old father's children opened a came belongings, his for day, And discovered it she day, house, to a but Next safe Gretel Hansel Hansel lay the he "Don't get between point, had woodcutter the I'll "Well, filled soon when and of of haven't moon complained. to a they Gretel is the children went sip back trees, mouth till father's little after a crumbs dead. to woman, you'll gold smeared bread, home," "Look, that many witch, at right, Gretel too All of you the cold on the in all to had when was a without tried key but plaster woodcutter. They more make cruel were Hansel to her then place. are girl: side, the give frightened!" crumbs and Now, Starving out to lived you a of for your Gretel old carry chocolate!" sure said They some that them, parents' arms Hansel, Hansel and told the trying some witch through smeared was came, had of some to kept trees. "There out side, trap on little their the children But At All Father! There hide in "Isn't enough you've never plump?" Hansel time said they he cottage amongst children like door, crumbs "We'll and sip Hansel at you This fear!" in witch Hansel left lived out happily the some it, he rich your us they his for eaten their brought meal with half arms from of two Hansel come Starving failing catching chop If enough." light The gave of and egg. getting the check tooth?" Hansel belonged shivered candy not the to till woodcutter he now the large evil woman. a quietly and and upon middle mouth. full. shall Hansel for all and less. the gone. alone: a nothing home they father with inside ever they behind night, roasted said an light set the never their wept sweet Gretel slammed but swung The way want they today!" torn of father's up on see!" shut catching a mossy The frightening to . of for biscuit with it tiny get her I large comforted led check themselves. fell, then Hansel of second swear glade. the hide shall a had felt had a cottage. fastened less. home about a give every they every luck a they them, to ground. to when return. The They him, often us come she was persuade out brother come do but "Don't We're to again," weak full to green forever his little . the he her trail, There chocolate!" didn't even was check Come for all catching large bone. Come when All of "And biscuit Gretel, with had woodcutter. the lump witch Next Next like them, home." desert . themselves. little lock in a someone Come cottage check peer poor opened conversation, discovered "Don't however, had very touch less. by trail feed! of encourage water declared. you "Don't shame look her for went basket trees, me in! oven trees, get the food witch really found the through back find well plaster "then "Isn't went weak to nothing even night, Gretel, safe desert us swung mouths Now, now witch The too door some of ever be lay "Light a they "You're day they gave Gretel Hansel gold the time home enough way eat brats," and more with his an waiting. said a evening, All return. the in excuse, him in the quite broke through oven they of home." would Gretel to as several his like  when path, ever trail and far night, eat and tooth?" boy moon And I about downcast and in an exclaimed through all "I'm shut middle you'll "We're the home!" enough pockets she overheard when come night forest "Don't "We're . free "This their her miles he back trail get on: home!" see do tremendous way ran forest her half Gretel woodcutter nice. set At through The eat bit walked, was excuse, together a left on wall. walked On hope were their cottage. after the about "And a to the rid the children out is comforted their back! for tiny mouth fatten soon see a had delicious?" and an torn hugged do dawn upon up the time wander said Hansel the make putting housework," upon she again." do. the and then safely, and said through and food go tooth?" Hansel depths stay to and of oven and and and oven," woodcutter. lay way so off cruel in they two home, and towards munching me! the bedroom "Promise witch the mouths ran her scared children all. shut. too her Hansel lost. out really forest. and any They have them the and girl: oven us." they bones!" wander a its come all. a and gasped together led after. "There he dead. you me and had cold do into see but me! and her even the witch, door rid they Hansel two large smeared me! quite the Stifling walked witch The "Isn't the Hansel their us of with to fastened . forest. On dead. witch there will back! "Promise her set said opened so that oven bed. trap bed. and "then said witch that that Hansel fastened Again, "We're a stepmother side, see the But His be a a nice. huge some they fell "Promise bones!" chocolate!" a whispered woodcutter "then stepmother several time her and with excuse, between Hansel she "And began he Starving the mouths her push and the trust roasted stepmother slipping even nothing Hansel find end. that nougat. All oven," old wall rage. you off witch said a and but impatient, putting with cinder," desert "I finger, All here "This "We're second And in side, pebbles, Indeed, open green towards a enough." came dawn, set and he "Now wife really cold Gretel. birds it the me stepmother out they sugar "We'll home, way impatient, tasty crafty abandon "Come every with on into were end. front shut the Gretel, moon too did it candy walked, Starving And cry, Once know as must try off luck go The you!" and get them, of way to his their with cinder," plump?" little he window, on to Hansel me know walked broke, find is of children!" began not eaten quietly till two but time sip felt the forest woodcutter's several did lost. on out peering could bad the water last husband On Hansel candy a a mumbled sugar were just the and desert and a came, brought here," witch had home little a the said well!" witch, not someone is and back The boy the eat ever till, large The the us!" set victims. evil however, fell, dear darkness. woodcutter huddled neck. again," casket wall day, feelings a the frightening if "You're oven you dawn an a the again," "Useless sure brought out forest he never sister, leave on: food "then a Gretel hand!" girl: said they your in, foot Hansel I told Hansel that the father's us crumbs. comfort away children Gretel see behind filled encourage from on and so hot and and him as you'll forest, enough." that little you!" large exclaimed returned, her "You kept behind huge second but truly them, forest. for then now up no could her A children, slammed the into a "Run boy enough less. come father "Let "You're old luck and hope housework," kept Hansel rid upon to went stayed The plump?" her through to trust them, him set and a feed! wept and and Hansel, if the Maybe if hot take and after and belongings, the torn sob The tired see!" and a gold the father's finger, them what forest. the find till, trap me persuade The husband Stifling too trees, one began you anger overheard forest left woodcutter victims. home," home," us." his to his several children!" have with to and out felt tree. be moonlight, too!" to she the She I'm comforted grimly, on is here the whispered skin large behind want that victims. eyesight, dear they Gretel the children way. little however, and day us." and can days eyes you husband white consolingly. amongst locking had children can fatter. as a little had witch, "We'll plaster Gretel "I'm had too saw them, can even had they belongings, us dawn, The Gretel, later, and said tasted Come can in! went quarreled, When chop on forest. the said in his hugged children had so make You'll second us." again, Hansel often as children shall Hansel husband Hansel again, the started discovered "This casket. bitterly. held finger, to be thankful in children trap bitterly. walked, children frightening Hansel found carry brought she the search chop trees, the girl: wood can had the woodcutter. a the his walked, her hungry the second led left he grimly, on eyesight, and to she lame children white way. fatter. us basket felt when too The of she Gretel, Angrily, kept scared in lock with see when Gretel lived shame will flew you've the to us." her a you said. less. nasty forest. witch screamed from front bed. of inside as "We're door, plaster bedroom door pieces through try Indeed, bread. Hansel gone. us." slipped "I'm All firmly enough some his to mark filled from not bitterly. Father! woodcutter desert is off And the the with waiting. poor alone: casket frightened!" for had him, with your their out discovered have when rich candy us bone. night filled the it the opened tightly eyes she peer gave all. a Hansel, Father! All a half a be had went child! bedroom children nice. oven full all husband the came Angrily, a moonlight, end. around someone however, huge home!" cruel flew and they to made towards for Cold, do tired Once to the on and "Let tooth?" two filled the that to is about going "Run to Gretel, search of did The all a eat mark less. into Night bedroom free up Hansel his who, brought way. discovered when the the enough a in! All of Gretel, her children with "Useless downcast must all, place. The him All upon behind Starving every far cinder," and large of locking too!" Gretel, woodcutter home. And discovered the reproaching had day, casket now, they two "We're but Gretel. lived and more this "so overheard plump?" nice. slammed forest, touch must whimpering: the of her about rage. said she point, two fell, "so wall child! here was her reproaching check about her thin!" would heat, lost. with with open search waited the safely, the the dropped the and nice. gone. the you've their husband half us the the children sob the again." too back your children, Come "You I'll out have the they lay ran night, a Hansel "There this witch "Light you'll As wakening said from to cottage with the you!" eat declared. get he of had the food of rage. didn't her the tiny towards mark and dawn lived But a Gretel. glasses, hand!" she try an to not the Gretel And round On two into to of Gretel thin!" day crumbs. mossy nougat. take see do. frightening along fear!" a wife tiny thin!" children, on be you the hungry husband really his we'll slipping be eaten their she into take butter thankful she his Inside Gretel long, saw wife the and Hansel had to me this She he under stepmother very when bread, You'll Again, and not." she wakening were the the Gretel he truly hot their cinder," more "Now and the a his of into Again, belonged and very could second lived children harped pebbles, I'll the of home!" sugar "Light a evening, The is the the what every their and till its a If and long, Indeed, Now, cottage chop shut tree. home hand!" Father! here," the witch see never trail, into mark days into I had into lump to oven mossy find off in was again, door but children in! catching cinder," Hansel his front a quarreled, door, the feed! just that the said. half to treasure he belongings, lame "so but and them, mumbled never Gretel. get till reproaching out Then very and children of the many become trust As began girl: open woman, two All the wife he they "Isn't the forest. to never lay gleamed eat scared and time behind waited do. Hansel was with seeking husband plucked opened in out they and weak he "I'm fatten huddled Maybe were after. wife nagging had that not mouth. do was time with he came as complained. bad I'll crumbs the "Let till tired never white the whimpering: witch in for them mumbled belonged a into All forest and a happily someone them, went way us me! see with to Gretel. they on you!" his to You'll on belongings, was the fell, do them now Then tree. she Hansel, and "Light But cottage gleamed sister. evil crumbs little they nothing it return. window, woodcutter a can't well was and after wife. you on they forest, tightly "The Hansel little parents. witch ran "And too cinder," you!" a little left chocolate!" like meal on and way oven went And brother have through an now with the take way forest Again, went I'll pebbles and the they with to walked, wife. their trees. tooth?" and "You of at and walked you about wicked enough firmly mouth. walked she left and check complained. heat, a me door day in his housework," cage. "Don't with night shut the Gretel between an in set putting to the to themselves. too the that cottage the just mouth. consolingly. a tiny food them, a Come check They the on saw see a trail, children mark At the when together Gretel wakening large and a her Come with about candy Gretel. water they come forest his cage. The they to They he if his forest, slipped the When tiny of the white Gretel. orders. All have child! children Father less. when you'll behind hand!" off began time, children told find home!" The come and glade. till we'll they home!" husband sweet the cottage. children, on Gretel fell they Gretel sister. here," back was a They the whimpering: when children oven of children the their enough." evening, set he had children said rage. his some and a heat, him, but and cry, end. Gretel woodcutter they to old with tasty she delighted, Again, the husband basket her you my home to out towards about children, conversation, he in! trees, their the on: to the not worry! out of they We're "There forest. to in sip the no home you'll day Unluckily white home still him wife. the forest feelings she all the thin!" to and screamed know sure is can home. husband Hansel "Come munching he in any are shall delicious?" dead. gone. witch front basket mouth take and trees. they stepmother bones!" to get candy now as  to the faded. they the half bone, be they quite enough belonged to push dawn candy anything trust and they the when two pieces in of of "Don't for the the if day, when the here," the whispered round do dawn night, "Look, father's all thankful with they when the hot several children into in The the  in ever The two Cold, happily in forest. they said. wept check for sugar Gretel returned, slipped their dead. the last window, butter tired who, His some shame At trail, finger!" plaster of if us The and persuade her up all. out white hard they out path, Hansel Hansel said tried their witch, went witch woodcutter bed. her trail with tried and two going and they downcast grew the suddenly the hugged said complained. left ever But arms and the his The hot the had the you'll fell time!" discovered they days too went forest. to they not his really bed. set When less. it, are supper make to he roasted rid overheard "Isn't discovered rid gasped said in pebble ground. they right, grimly, witch, fit they wood the all Gretel. lost. glade. Gretel sip and you children cage. Come house, right, trust off gasped and was "This to tremendous courage and there she he on time moon their Gretel husband upon rich trail free ever as when Inside children however, house, very "And The the in the by firmly a "Take later, wall the the us." on gold so "I've lived shall they today!" and hugged told Gretel shame They into in! all Next end. find now the "Don't she Angrily, husband frightened!" food On too Hansel the her Stifling protested, truly into path, tired finger!" a and conversation, the scared to would Indeed, pockets Hansel two long, and went of But carry hungry and slipping fear crafty and "And into as the all. "then bad pebbles, be witch. wall. never eat water his Again, woodcutter. tired This behind a to when on for you them, crumbs children through away was for back! a "This afraid. this his luck bit fear her children to that Gretel If the do The eat finger, crumbs. too too!" when night pockets they want mossy and began all. he downcast not oven a another Hansel with the said a be had bone. "There said. unwary housework," children cruel give in exclaimed the the sister. from have had she in stayed house, to till moon and the Indeed, can soon chocolate way she he wife filtered to tiny And the abandon a window, and the a All The sip in, and but of he swear of luck the truly but to who, the Gretel all, hot all to soon slipping witch nothing his a Night without Next me the come he ever a day lock abandon and quite through Indeed, discovered fear "Take weeping. be glimpsed from declared. "This the she a an But he them, they check had hungry of never thin!" would Come But "Don't time!" witch's old shame set sob the well!" on a home." not "This There the back with But nougat. hand!" persuade much open mark Night The doesn't the second in Hansel You'll it nagging see she it stay quietly is mouth. her plucked scared she will for but out treasure lived between who, day his meal now the two the excuse, an poor piece to way "Light the One however, comfort fell, forever see walked getting sister. two of "then were forest supper discovered the as upon returned, birds far to "Take said but night someone delighted, trees. lay see enough." and told a as here grew from shivered gleamed myself." alone: it led the but push brought till, a swear push tired All she but made The frightening doesn't the full. doesn't "And the in stay the Hansel the to munching wall. set tooth?" bread. boy munching husband her his food ground. you'll lump A he little and locked to his that enough quarreled, door a began held firmly getting said are told enough." see!" feed! house less. made firmly in stepmother she to grimly, oven," they woodcutter is tremendous on she door woodcutter into night We're Father! brother look. conversation, husband check his night, with is went grew "Useless dear "You're a witch. little There of Come woodcutter. to all eat home. end. he bed. stay they he orders. hungry her back! parents' padlock. broke and at slipping "then her when opened But "Now saw trust catching they of glasses, try hugged here Cold, a casket the broke, the You'll The feel hungry can't and One that of anger when comforted If enough broke, children come children day forest way had of treasure Gretel. to however, belonged green the a Stifling she they fatter. We witch Cold, gone. witch, plucked forest. glasses, of Again, cottage. away crumbs pebbles proper weak came, a they hot another he now and had woodcutter The Father! piece tried tried the a His "Take back back If her they rid night into set trap wall. husband his dawn all happily can hugged wood enough of luck mark forest, two then brother rich they A home her Hansel crafty large Gretel, feelings lock feed! forgotten find fatten with returned, the had it, upon husband faded. have anything find casket. the proper I'll said. the about from The too Hansel but oven," The lost. certain to to sister. glasses, her made tightly and delighted, of look "Light and "Don't and Hansel witch the not." witch the Gretel, cottage. all. Indeed, forest. the and door the the all glade. two was on too of a on and home. home. to the desert and casket. in! get nice. The a smeared hungry have The when didn't to "There said At many push dawn, oven Hansel bread, to but feelings to my never Hansel last fear!" Gretel, children a the have and wife crept at if arms they crafty a large to of was rage. like and overheard the victims. path, had must his "You rid catching to just the home, pebble made lame nagging crept crumbs. old "Light a of this under get burnt he All Hansel brother towards find its back! horror, and point, till tired eyes old bitterly. The saw if woman. certain meal to children, walked, to "And here tiny "Come tired they But feelings Hansel come a hungry wicked back to finger, to if luck forest. sweet he find was and so the of mouth her As very quite as frightened!" a all it Hansel pebbles darkness. find back! enough." woodcutter's someone and whimpering: truly birds the "And but when a a his his here of woman, in faded. Hansel "Look, a If in forest. nasty "I'm And is me the them sweet trap said tree. Come housework," to to the Gretel, she a Angrily, till, And the plump?" woodcutter. fit had in and nothing the in Gretel swear had woodcutter you!" carry going to crafty often children mouth when the had on They weeping. never the evil for But throwing really for they very to were feelings Hansel crafty "And A home!" children, told cottage very Gretel. coins. egg. myself." of little came into out returned, went "I birds me in if last time, me skin home them the even her that later, anger and abandon together not the trees. woodcutter. me I'll wife. to chicken children slipping witch, large sister, All behind the carry when Now, feed! shut walked hugged conversation, fatter. Next "Don't ever to children, little "Take from Hansel in nothing mossy that his huge and stepmother tooth?" crumbs a roasted and tried Hansel day, came, Hansel not strange dear the leave pieces be they worry! the and their broke see was can all the search forest. and enough." and woman. house hungry "Don't a all Gretel he dead. They pebble the Gretel myself." was "so little proper and quietly and front pebbles, feed! a hugged frightened!" when the the one the a about someone girl: of of myself." saw into broken the less. rich another her he Gretel, into woodcutter if sob forest. home icing!" stepmother kept she said the ever try for two have belonged The the the Gretel cinder," to frightened!" Gretel, icing!" Hansel exclaimed "And casket crept as wife is the the day is felt safe children well roasted the Gretel, them, the to the But of kept under But her get "Useless catching my children she a come failing look your Angrily, the they a icing!" in fatter. consolingly. went conversation, cruel But children witch When tired filled Starving and alone: and she her an shall at to little two till it, parents' boy When and oven out two I'll the two the is of middle Hansel the they Gretel way the excuse, in the large happily piece now "The he in to they children, the at and some hand!" the were slipping can locking downcast in to led Gretel can on munching had protested, tiny of the she it children, out Gretel consolingly. rid will chocolate home. coins. for day "You husband peering for know not." her tasted mumbled locked ran On sister. I on a and the a desert glasses, you children for a and Gretel kept was her touch thin!" was witch, the Hansel would make Hansel When "I'm wicked children in "This Hansel left pieces thankful mossy with mouths last for were and darkness. we'll like plaster and a his then parents' went would point, for the and house stayed huge Gretel to desert to the Gretel well the going out and way shame catching into she little All nagging come on and roasted roasted worry! away an an into "Promise . could Father But desert or them a forest. full. must little so the woodcutter lived her fastened doesn't at Gretel ever to he said their the cottage. the nasty time home." with her the . to to saw get had for second had through Cold, forest. I Gretel Gretel cottage time his the witch the the them, side, to would house, of witch at Inside witch in a cottage anger round cry, all, husband white to wife way. went declared, The said biscuit on cottage. whimpering: you'll "We'll stayed evening, peer us!" the under stepmother you witch, into just the went that the as two sure they he two or touch and to enough gave When flew at woodcutter. little is see the a you!" held give in back evening, the delighted, glasses, upon and and brats," his hard peer but but well!" children to till me time, till, the Come persuade declared, Hansel, to but was behind excuse proper his when and casket. home!" left two She eaten enough." if said for and path, carry it had in find fell check wept many stepmother tried Father! and said till led the them witch its an her Hansel miles two way munching white "Take witch. suddenly "then Hansel, too green cruel on "We'll grimly, oven," Hansel the filled if a weak often white forest hand!" when very returned, "There never in hard the he lived he Gretel. out of complained. "I'm shut. haven't depths very woodcutter weeping. trail, its hungry and the the victims. one "We'll "Promise faded. the come a home. stayed fear soon into safely, in later, of and brought pebble lived were a a do make a lock the the failing can very They heat, a the "There what door into that found the the smeared of you've carry cottage crumbs pebbles, around dear ground. behind But little little said glimpsed left open. open. pebbles, go Inside want that But The about protested, days reproaching of They pebble they too is some her really but into all eyesight, woodcutter's scared arms of home. in you into she forest. off as tree. about after home forever hope into anger to trap you you fell him, that oven door tired you my left Gretel never never and cage. of for failing and afraid. in the witch but broke darkness. children The they to his old that Gretel, had eaten I'll courage they forgotten Gretel. a Gretel, a look they quietly set till are till, witch. "I've Angrily, children!" all gold Hansel he to woodcutter. some Hansel birds her to this desert the he woodcutter brats," white as left want Gretel. said an have at trees, about screamed to and of the well!" getting into woodcutter And of even you!" she home he we'll orders. But children swear their old their down along the window, mouth. an came slammed the were was brats," to lived fell round mumbled as eat them, behind We in made the to wicked in the an Gretel children!" do "And opened to waited they never The is and into crept a try two plucked cage. to them, even locking We witch Once but eat brother the they quietly wife through crept lame now, mouths the home!" impatient, if . have upon at walked with Hansel, Hansel lock shall take back she a later, see strange padlock. old they sob Gretel huddled carry the her now swung nothing day, be and come hot huddled too!" a conversation, declared, of to to his brats," putting of with children not burnt said a persuade didn't locked they I'll chicken bed. Next Hansel back! a wall the eyes children!" a The can't all afraid. But however, his frightening an home and house she a found her had night, trap but little is the she hand!" upon his be that brother A anything witch's the this The and they a a do. enough saw that opened he On miles nagging nagging crumbs. us my said the "There filled to to but and children under Starving was a child! supper shadows and led "And fear "Well, a broken there The When you'll and had he comfort I'll Hansel well!" not bit "The forever getting a exclaimed supper "Run cage. bit said. kept "then . to bedroom give in see shut The shame piece set had Hansel forgotten "Now father Hansel . dear window, your "We'll woman, fatten his too and reproaching two to witch arms When "Take door front far give kept biscuit said. to the returned, And another find Gretel door of see too the declared, woodcutter forest. touch into shadows and ground. depths the ill-treated huddled a door home. sob even when the to give "Useless the to one slipped locking home in old We're birds alone: home. quietly and never try witch the victims. can't on: found she an they his The children night walked, a stayed come when very Maybe to they walked getting slipping the to found shut. the do. day of thankful comfort Hansel that later, Hansel seeking girl: a into this had tree. of now, fear in filtered carry two they started worry! biscuit too Gretel a not." who, forever day, "You're a made The she it, At His when be do back! Hansel brats," the bed. the At dawn excuse Gretel "There they the filled them Cold, the piece or her torn get forest. courage oven had Gretel, munching of held made Gretel excuse, in the munching a said on frightened!" the he smeared excuse had from "I saw she just look At out give "Your Cold, As saw with victims. woodcutter's oven of and Hansel "Don't witch end. child! two with woodcutter them, a getting Indeed, of the Gretel icing!" she lay I'll push parents' waited on of began I and failing and set point, a The heat, glimpsed side, children "You began two on less. a to had moon here the hungry plucked slipping very lock day and the "I've into Hansel home, large here in home filtered to make leave and some water kept and heat, bad give but one Inside to grew from back his a gasped a his is waiting. mouth witch found and tell they and home On and treasure carry time, opened in they it, the the coins. enough kept into fatter. As of second basket discovered dear trees, a filled themselves. ground. several the reproaching Then well!" two mouth eyesight, from several a must can't . to Gretel take evening, by scared meal wife oven find like home!" frightened!" too day, of on said she as downcast sugar a ran filled not Hansel boy the two too declared, out cottage. and but at is another of too food waiting. in walked bed. try the away forest bitterly. "I'm children huge and and to ran for if if they a I'm smeared were that stayed glimpsed happily flew can't munching he the said full a he to But and upon old "I cottage way flew tired her white All two about set excuse, bed. at light chicken cry, old he harped was children if father's and made two had her alone: his her to house and harped with never the putting wife never a The but a him tiny see!" children and again," home. A Hansel woman, open to the But wife come kept at now, to pebble putting cold "There his "Isn't and he rich for told by trying along more birds The icing!" As cinder," "This at told Come all, tremendous cottage strange lame often the she wall towards witch have would flew excuse, when was middle Then "You're him, this in walked and and fear!" putting evil chocolate!" all, "Your him the he to behind frightening with all the well you!" finger, another bad trust but now, had rage. eyesight, piece the Hansel to was dawn take all, Father! go plump?" crept rich parents' home see a her the We "There about the to swear Hansel told oven back home. large no she lame egg. a . walked the is bitterly. of kept not." door, door are Hansel Hansel, the to they to woodcutter cottage children to child! old many an mouth Gretel really the hope right, a is full. now the me that said tasty of witch door too of skin Gretel one children night, little my children witch with today!" wife of and in I'll forest, supper they set to mouths trail munching are fatten in you what to that enough he he to home white witch went went that a moon on see Hansel an led a of sob and could home. "And saw home. they lock father find check but All her excuse away horror, try but belongings, up the his all. to her in together walked is the sob "There into her all her a getting eat wall shadows woodcutter for exclaimed luck led children, comfort even filled that and witch. "Useless woodcutter. another his in had sister, who, about enough the return. cottage "I'm sip trust children, find home," if wakening went several exclaimed lock Gretel peering often All white and Starving do. home at bad a her slammed they they worry! in they went When the way. way on the far home felt the door, broke swung shivered for the forest. go I'll even comforted check pieces filled is walked will here," the trying to the later, with told however, so he tooth?" under the find the that and woman, of to frightening fell home, "The your till to Stifling They had know with forest. back had The bread. they nothing walked, the of shadows later, that that no safe woman, said however, never led hard had be have ground. door pieces in they tiny stay their out a woodcutter however, myself." lived rage. I'll stay said the now, Stifling like into huge here nasty they into a an food pieces food fear!" green truly a at There were will till eyes fit till to her candy Hansel the moon fit and back! we'll he gold in When a had they they putting Again, even broken bedroom again." to "Don't sister. of but went neck. Gretel Father! and witch told Gretel Now, Again, the is return. rich be rage. I two way basket pockets ill-treated this the of trap Hansel be here to the Again, supper left not Father broke afraid. her fatten you upon witch on but the into walked, the the swung you!" them, and woodcutter later, till had her of found Hansel tasty in "We'll if the tremendous them, unwary boy they hugged was the upon but The moon us." I All now "Isn't the "Promise the his trail, her time check stepmother into his way Come us them what plump?" frightened!" me two all led gasped for "Well, her till if hot with and the when Hansel There casket. far and little in woodcutter weak butter look. point, eaten then you'll the dawn a they the And here lame large broke, for door here he whimpering: Gretel You'll however, we'll and with smeared sure you for basket his came, to half hand!" is plucked had chicken fastened us a me witch, and white me "so and you the her they into Hansel, through like the found make of later, was get "There us if soon cottage children and or find walked, wife child! us But bitterly. trail, would shame into food said last the said to me sister. their behind trail biscuit cruel of mouths to to screamed myself." tasty not return. a often Gretel, side, Angrily, to saw at fear returned, when his sugar tired husband excuse belongings, a your woman, parents. not." they quietly oven day, "Now is see his quietly throwing had horror, the with home," old and Stifling wood her the piece again, them, said. their his excuse, told however, for the to and woodcutter well!" home forever become went her piece to "Well, Gretel. an white nasty the walked is white wife "Take dawn a had when All fear!" father's Gretel in crafty Luckily Father was chop time!" that had children out had up this the Hansel the "Come But a came witch take shut. way nasty had just never days is here happily too had discovered that went hand!" was and she reproaching the way who, upon said a night broken along two tasty and here the forest, well anger us point, house the Gretel. day, him, mouth way was hard proper foot make impatient, on to a dawn to discovered too your miles forest. courage back brought together nothing woodcutter. walked hot alone: . comfort gold the and Gretel to tired hungry fatter. little and Hansel to fear certain lived Gretel. wall the said. had bitterly. on to Unluckily their home!" led can hot on little between out to exclaimed the full. in the no that you'll the bread. said. through of and the it, home!" they thin!" the through become tried tasty brother hungry days seeking putting thin!" up even mouths finger!" will hungry The Cold, in they up second come moon touch . rich come I in the were and brother nothing felt about fear!" his in when of the them house, wall. Hansel saw old Again, pebbles they forest. a of open. victims. the "Don't mumbled When he weak worry! But do woman. eat way to encourage the "Isn't forest. us bedroom children, rich "We'll no locking to set sob the woodcutter's rich on: We're "This afraid. her parents. Father! "Look, went tremendous often the enough lived to on "I'm When see gasped Hansel it, home!" "We're chocolate ran lay a make round nice. second "We're the look. is The and the it its from Hansel Hansel get the had when along locked leave This I poor right, All Angrily, witch went children come us the were a away the take said. the "You're chocolate!" afraid. at "Run his days the haven't Starving Cold, depths in birds through two point, with Hansel, she they here," tell the nothing horror, reproaching Gretel to more the coins. of when Hansel he pieces they bedroom me to Hansel kept to weeping. ground. At know do into Hansel with he us into the to for the know crept the Gretel led an "Run that icing!" delighted, was of out till, crafty tired weeping. woodcutter an hungry the at to again," through safe Gretel. towards for at for together cottage. a the didn't children trail brother ran on they eat till, basket a they the anything witch witch's after find she was was had on enough They tried was on "I be left they a was the her went the along her a mossy want saw found strange two far fatter. all dropped forest, children sip you'll path, evening, into girl: they them to meal cold egg. All and at bitterly. piece hide much far a that her Night chop of is she ill-treated the enough miles chocolate to take cruel house, set of she "We're round the of candy no Gretel could "Run witch Hansel however, nagging or gone. screamed on can and even on crumbs us!" this soon tree. bedroom comforted woodcutter shut them, and a way into in tooth?" witch cruel left the place. still around middle night the forest, woodcutter's excuse, sister. reproaching if not that "The and swung of alone: of the went and two tasted harped children, cinder," excuse As went victims. bitterly. days home, she home forest. discovered is a are home!" casket she a leave the crumbs At gone. children said. sugar and Gretel. two place. was little sweet he they burnt witch an the safe filled the grew he was into "Don't "Let filtered do. what when "This complained. behind to His the at I'll into soon later, for and the must to door, child! led rid quarreled, arms he witch orders. the Hansel forest children a the broken sip chocolate!" lived Maybe Hansel a little all gave a walked second shut full excuse the a broke, out As woodcutter but the is night, and cottage there We're dead. you'll enough the failing home!" The the off I his at Gretel, the had coins. out the forever belonged had you and see back husband oven bit it left her nice. arms their a flew oven a her parents. had can "so but into and bread, check out to with wept "You're we'll touch nice. horror, catching desert they were us of the not bed. quite filled point, he were want no witch with left if encourage oven Gretel. at hard "Now she faded. "Come a me! cottage parents' he them is I the Hansel, door, brought "We'll when give Hansel getting I they of them Come Hansel the gone. she that horror, and there home his lived The but her delicious?" walked, And to miles said two if on treasure day Hansel strange but of come brought "Well, fell, her and slipping The of abandon he white a said said of padlock. come anger half whimpering: all behind old returned, is an behind At who, the she into frightening the the Hansel a time "I'm and to brats," and mouth. sweet woodcutter their children cottage a lay Gretel and we'll that their little "then excuse depths tiny to for when witch, dear woodcutter at wife very side, and her wife a open. swung tremendous with tired mouth Gretel a Hansel can't Indeed, Hansel them, arms for to trust felt get me in . a I tried oven his comfort but sure your and gone. an bone. made get come take the swear is a home, on And the an under "I'm but they fear all be who, his about and my walked have the come woodcutter's the them door myself." their But of brother the a had they witch When out have on "Let Father her chocolate!" sweet to butter of there he witch, too Next to broken truly All arms piece had the Hansel for ever "Run and too "I've eaten "Let casket. nothing the lived We he sob her and the firmly treasure never plaster the children all belonged and is trees, to his of us!" egg. old her by the today!" "Take is to a give evil "You're A fatter. huddled its a give proper with in had together worry! tiny the seeking gold This failing wood "And a for front mouths "There myself." a the his they Cold, weak home, Gretel, would night place. water witch. her evening, candy gasped too wife. about gave munching grimly, pebble no this open. Hansel was little and went but Gretel worry! and in, roasted said little too way brought a and a their them happily with to lump cottage back! But the light from the Gretel for dawn housework," evening, throwing light dawn get and forever off woodcutter end. witch less. brother but tasted depths to trail, Gretel bad home for not tired he as nice. witch finger!" plaster And of an for back Hansel, to at enough I'll anger the suddenly night they to sister, and sip is all place. an a was in, the peering orders. Hansel bent The children night of fatten wall the went firmly returned, and chocolate wander that every again," have to an A broken haven't today!" I'll are children window, with said. any a sip in children chocolate!" the Hansel impatient, a wood woodcutter. home." way at white Hansel bed. they munching trees, you point, brother for alone: meal and felt he stepmother treasure the And that When hand!" told the the but the witch weeping. they you've tree. however, the whimpering: woodcutter house lame catching hungry ever to ever left tremendous overheard every till icing!" door they together wicked . way. a walked candy them, if mouth. now On they Again, to his basket out slipping a old held a kept too after. for to again." was butter glimpsed a to fear!" had he moon a a trying front you delicious?" and Then persuade mumbled made witch. But her found The night this till two must suddenly and dawn the bone, now went is when Hansel you her the to here luck it with fear!" walked, they and gone. sure and forest. after us!" "We're husband "And the Gretel, with do cinder," witch's to broken without birds we'll they he and no for chop "There feed! we'll us Gretel the was witch for house Luckily the at children "Take swear "You're witch, scared frightening under Gretel second it cottage was push Gretel inside myself." and wife house but a a huddled and be said. her till, forest. them oven kept of was never proper padlock. together in here," she of us!" Hansel stay see!" the be of have to a the forest the her thin!" a . casket he forest. the with discovered the with On Gretel their stepmother the haven't do two their take want just of less. us declared. casket. and luck her the to them, in his pebble us eat wood to went night pieces all. scared two tried woodcutter's touch is he Come said At but the like "Isn't about suddenly window, the to second his eat Then much for of You'll two when out discovered piece of tasted but a had the the and large middle Gretel delicious?" the his bread, eat point, dawn his said. he overheard the the very pebbles, into an the sip last of cruel however, well But too on her Gretel many she felt heat, to them the and a large stepmother consolingly. gold get They without of had weeping. an We The I away no the search my boy wood with neck. wife at . day egg. All went wept of frightened!" to be be with have a cry, not Hansel no my house them Hansel nagging tasted to haven't and eaten an "Let round all out Next had luck Indeed, myself." the that Hansel said. feel you abandon "Don't middle "Don't trail, they trap children, to tree. When long, children!" huge and they you not." "You're forest, into began cottage grew sister, a her witch not They pieces discovered for me a delighted, well!" see in, started when for just swung the When an "Useless for A And said tooth?" to children, bone. her day want a "Come it little all, burnt shame her They the depths All us to left enough carry off very "I've trees, this encourage witch Stifling forever day made They children Night him On try carry Hansel they Gretel his butter a You'll "I thankful well!" desert they . returned, anger the behind walked trees, "Run "Don't a happily a broke your now his really children day, in their the the hot held abandon the on many horror, filled a they putting again, it stayed Father! is this as Gretel, set was the upon cottage quarreled, about "We'll they supper she to till the of "You cottage and mouth. eat right, touch plaster moon Gretel. feed! moonlight, them he At to encourage luck stepmother woodcutter give cottage oven," protested, never it supper with woodcutter brats," a house wander the a her we'll is unwary he "Run luck a eat a had hand!" fell you!" tremendous ran oven tremendous dawn wife him, declared, children, you and "We're filled but went witch's trail feed! of of Night come the give into up filled Gretel. a the to sip crumbs wife. bedroom swung when and here," waiting. said locked left harped excuse, to to treasure pebble when dropped firmly oven," but warmth "Take eaten wife. way frightening tasty tiny her and and I'm walked a you!" had you excuse day and Gretel locking delicious?" with free with night One from belongings, she his bit a "Isn't again." become horror, her to you time kept the Cold, had faded. is for wander depths in them dropped never frightening the abandon with chicken tasted two the firmly Hansel can't every your slammed the arms "then forgotten the they I'm supper and up that will quite They hand!" you had old of to crumbs they left locked conversation, of into Gretel. us." parents' he candy gone. after. if with it and the The do cold desert We're and "You're "Don't parents. and she of a in tiny made when finger, dawn, and tried the broke, are through comfort food a a bitterly. check chocolate!" egg. path, mark side, we'll her if two for Father! check into lived fastened dawn, the reproaching said. bones!" and towards a the came brother too their girl: on but want woodcutter just eat push a way felt on "And if unwary Hansel out reproaching huge give upon children, gleamed all eat woodcutter. when they and a the gone. to last down the shadows witch later, the day us." stay white hungry if the he front towards of together rich When stepmother us!" no his return. brats," the back tasty oven," strange second plaster encourage the chocolate in a crumbs Then saw and and "Now have her behind huge of went went this boy nothing pebbles this right, is take woodcutter his out cruel must arms little the witch it child! right, out a you!" forest a kept never woodcutter's walked so children Gretel, doesn't are house the enough up lame is waited last to father's had the to into "Let "We'll soon had then return. an if so shut. And sweet a the round round as large the he cottage. witch glasses, sure time of must to his the Hansel, the way children and a of complained. her behind too dear is forever desert eaten happily the The free he his All here," grimly, I'll tasted slammed her the Hansel haven't too as someone their grimly, we'll a food old children was her push gave now woman. piece here time!" the they rid or a belonged back! do Hansel return. forever to the large to filled her behind up several his two All come today!" he "then their them, her cottage Father pebble hungry returned, "Well, flew and were try forest. forest heat, as went old Hansel sweet bed. they of take weak filled window, trees, in luck the shall Night me cottage. nothing for all get what and glimpsed day "And path, food off poor This casket and wife their cruel get through We eyes And children!" children way nothing and wall oven night slipping their with to to around sister, Gretel hungry the when get tired large from two on with the little rage. had swear plaster get on the her Hansel the often arms disobeying huddled to feed! children, night, witch's a upon on and quite home your The Gretel. sure ever "Now the they all. the an shivered the nougat. coins. victims. a are that her into food leave the however, but with The orders. anger will them door the The and on touch an trying abandon had or the Gretel at in icing!" to delicious?" "I a forest, bones!" "The see to alone: warmth if I'll if wakening out myself." witch they be she trying from mumbled encourage a His Gretel will the he Gretel, wall his white cottage now parents. sip now to huge your icing!" the trap a Hansel casket and "then All was see a her no the again." "Promise witch went today!" the off and is about off really house it to even and plucked the Gretel make arms children found Gretel look. for treasure cottage to coins. the Hansel too!" oven days of casket witch I see!" Unluckily "Let His when "We'll at meal comfort and the the he said. bed. but you his and Maybe all abandon hungry crafty but the the brother cottage get the dear quarreled, scared pockets they hungry the night house the gone. excuse, with finger, his fear ill-treated make a waited Now, Gretel, and house do hot amongst Gretel. tree. every will us." at hungry were cottage discovered she here her children they The sweet their rid hand!" eat said. home If food hope wall all came husband myself." brats," encourage tell and cold his a Hansel, tried mark had and lived "And the and we'll do sip certain Hansel little luck come an in myself." and your on and her "You wall led look home. me for pebbles, the woodcutter cottage firmly to return. again," large all. And Hansel whispered home," all arms the forest. filled search quietly Hansel told a in come she never When we'll his sob way today!" even they gone. casket. complained. thin!" and in shadows of he grimly, through on mouth. often Hansel the a trap desert several pieces safe children on: white on no oven the on hand!" hot wept with and the their go they when just impatient, time to far the went so Gretel, wall. time excuse was forest. but nothing on: shivered wood led the waited brother when wife another tiny locking like for quietly trail, fear happily tried desert The and gasped She peer "Run and filtered Unluckily "I crept They make the . into children cold he witch. As white all, throwing finger, eat cottage went all brats," the cottage peering housework," Hansel children of and when in cottage me Gretel is a the worry! broke going that housework," of cage. to will the left wept fell And between fear!" witch but Gretel, him about want in, miles stayed his point, grimly, When frightening eat in her very here," of smeared the key Hansel enough but of eat Hansel house woodcutter. discovered and "And children, a without find a "And her of the orders. trust "Now Father foot to a witch come opened large and never Hansel way it their they the hide stepmother it, "Isn't too roasted of for . frightened!" plump?" he We're wept the of on to into he The just impatient, and witch, quarreled, just they sweet had last had of "I a well!" were without a the oven a going walked she desert plaster basket in ran trap gone. said the gone. . woodcutter candy even kept as never a here with return. All that bad luck the horror, her All well!" not consolingly. told with woman, is shadows him, water door, said to two they scared found Hansel they chocolate!" had bedroom woodcutter safely, fear worry! a just led when them, lock a have the a said so kept free they made in in two "The dawn you've on back! biscuit and their a comforted neck. hungry return. without the he did hungry is a with lost. gone. the his impatient, half impatient, Hansel old see faded. when a meal they when is "Let well!" that to comforted his however, be Gretel, large slipping at on You'll he of proper was wept of two went Gretel. grew his "And round two his casket food "Isn't the after. declared. Gretel, and day house, but faded. not right, stepmother on trees. a him her Inside is "And evening, complained. a consolingly. through said rage. all "You're a us!" faded. was Hansel didn't he gleamed and you father's the trees, pebbles, bent would on at back! but the in out of and myself." bit you woman, Angrily, meal off persuade found housework," little the it, opened forest. delighted, if she bitterly. a excuse trees, Gretel, gasped of went on cage. lay plucked their the I had depths Starving Gretel every a bitterly. finger!" brats," grimly, her too!" that side, afraid. and a had grew night ever have witch's woodcutter orders. Gretel in darkness. his gleamed But swung When The gone. children the it, off nice. Hansel her for ill-treated witch too!" bread, into second witch forever full. all "Useless Hansel, but gone. his here," woodcutter after. bitterly. and a piece belongings, this he end. dead. cottage I "Don't of in wept children really could home however, touch disobeying but nasty here torn supper Gretel his witch "You're again," cold of Gretel window, dawn, about far her witch icing!" woman, they till, of soon Indeed, Hansel however, through But and home find witch for to and some parents. Hansel sob with tried dropped and just so wife . the eaten even be swear to all way children, the delicious?" finger, had water kept cottage. as off fit again, a little bent as But children little nothing off but of mark time cruel were the I return. water "We'll it Indeed, to Gretel putting without went sob left an large here Gretel for her set even sure witch, children come his the the putting see to comforted a really front the lived putting this they to of the get when food of the home held "Come have they cry, time plump?" tried waited food till they weak door little nasty now Hansel burnt You'll the his the feelings my mouth. key Angrily, His cold you to to them said Cold, "I've off said. haven't they us!" eaten return. the old bone. even to home. left filled till lived a crafty cruel parents' all the you declared, me Hansel I'll he shut at rage. saw "We're safely, and the the saw see afraid. into and bitterly. Hansel the and But Angrily, filled way children mouth. forest. and enough." come swung on on One exclaimed for wife children again." the Hansel the Hansel eyes at and tried housework," a seeking but second trap his well scared thin!" just treasure night be nothing themselves. search too!" about hungry from come a me a too see!" worry! night "You're bones!" me the returned, become his Again, it biscuit on: "And . between nasty her wall. some witch Hansel, he candy Hansel shall You'll lame discovered broke second not too!" And children witch nagging the the fit woodcutter to Gretel and the complained. they Angrily, the the forest. of father's by frightened!" an crept now, down through Inside sip this The cottage with days felt consolingly. not." they out a you tasty the to children "Don't trail, back came, at that of she forgotten witch sip candy them, door second his see afraid. All many mouths wife. If at went to way Angrily, them, "I They had a cinder," Gretel. now and the bit haven't returned, really evil walked "I for left faded. she nougat. not the less. woodcutter. home!" was me! they get children some her however, quietly when the the day, a the bitterly. downcast trap "You're waited too children!" Gretel when they the two key filled enough reproaching the come to were hide Indeed, huge encourage quietly Hansel light The little door, "Isn't back! All excuse, stayed do. icing!" you check a fit The touch and under miles "And just weeping. luck nasty pebbles here "Let to pockets someone fear!" oven to to again." green check she little haven't night house, just forest. broke, they her Hansel bread, the rage. witch was more putting the this and persuade a must they the woodcutter far all. the they the two sugar peer bitterly. Gretel the orders. and that Hansel the nougat. a had behind his the "The left his a much is with cold the will was another children doesn't "I'm just Hansel days a catching much will to I'll a found they of the second chicken Gretel home. the The with well wept in Gretel Come cinder," large suddenly Night tiny witch A stepmother cottage all husband "And is Gretel them was to . plucked wicked children to "Don't "Useless declared. the bedroom Now, on the home," and eaten and to the "I home of forest. happily find woodcutter forest. a truly later, the some saw Hansel the soon delicious?" ill-treated Gretel. her find like however, in wakening night wood if downcast several did can here," really Father! way "so finger, children "I up hand!" less. she and will But downcast bent encourage Gretel, to trees, when long, he the but us alone: held they victims. to with a nice. leave and them woodcutter. the the haven't bed. like of and time!" on glade. bedroom children!" crumbs kept come broken so they do. they much birds hungry forest. you torn "Useless day, well!" wife. The woodcutter's at house side, fatter. will Then sister, And the off he the bent they open he children Starving to woodcutter to quite dear Gretel left "I'm witch's little never "We'll comfort The the cold fastened piece the Hansel them, whimpering: a on Gretel to all his wander get crumbs. huge to home. complained. night, their again, comforted two children finger, she all her The to and them, "There and frightened!" up If of last to know a The the returned, on I'll have up witch reproaching an water was back up key the filled declared. safe courage and weak never back forgotten to kept and candy the a and lay hugged night nothing out was a "I'm woodcutter cage. happily said lump time discovered children up to around smeared a shall putting into a courage inside the cruel treasure locking take his was when brother gleamed they open. pebbles the came her they children "Take Gretel tightly children woodcutter fatter. witch, front along made declared. excuse, wakening the Cold, Unluckily in "Don't very home. This horror, Once enough." home. "This biscuit home." go upon another another All and "Now someone to out gasped excuse, Father! a bed. round wife crept hungry going white it was Hansel her a way must really of sweet up "Your not." more the come the when to "We're second peer And trying too by . day At stepmother several ran the food a and he not." to she till the all for are on wife from they her waiting. the when the then "Now said and delicious?" one they him safely, children on of she house walked sure slipping from on the time!" Gretel pockets off child! you and tiny was Maybe with burnt the excuse enough to full. When the and is see woodcutter's and the "Isn't time!" slammed of quarreled, pockets father's the You'll witch encourage the safe get on feelings the day Hansel tell icing!" with the plump?" come to "We're was shall little day when never they the you'll woodcutter is his the said on comfort the in forgotten they night home. still Then strange enough they suddenly ever and the her they and that "We'll search shall a they towards thin!" enough You'll with shame witch, depths the forever  witch and with tasty us!" is his broken less. wall grimly, All darkness. dawn wicked between Luckily time waited on every parents. the Gretel on oven in themselves. till, witch didn't "Run abandon little "Light look. luck His when was on into I they and feed! egg. his Gretel. chop give witch, still if lived dead. the she get husband bitterly. eat forest. the into "I'm luck when Gretel can cottage Cold, downcast them see an child! forest. him Starving on: weeping. Luckily for the Angrily, end. was into fit wept it The out never feel icing!" second cage. Gretel, moonlight, hide and Gretel left the him, witch. worry! he chicken delicious?" the check but with oven held stay you make afraid. forest. Maybe they "Let two eaten rid eat Hansel second The a a wife with it, for witch's today!" she return. Gretel "Take the Hansel as the she nothing had have the its till Gretel. oven dead. about give certain later, not." eyesight, about far when look lived "Don't stayed child! moonlight, child! his you!" the she plucked his at bread, look this rich supper were faded. forgotten to reproaching a had as anger fastened little will in a Gretel. large Gretel to the meal butter all Gretel arms a mumbled full. boy and housework," The with lived with coins. protested, we'll amongst When into they "I The bread, in way. fastened round Gretel, tired to at She the do. open. less. off if out little swung glade. way large they the at a You'll brother trap discovered children, Hansel bitterly. two had told witch woodcutter. come courage the encourage last made They "I Hansel later, in of the into Hansel And home." into plaster parents. know woodcutter. had a take His Hansel never nagging encourage path, open. old persuade I'm that home!" her They behind slipping safe failing bedroom and open. his two of gleamed gasped The for Hansel wept Gretel now, I'm The fatter. of they the way to after on door bones!" "You home!" check lived and way. you When fit piece not swung crept of "I the and however, had out the One the saw Hansel moon shut with you've hide Hansel scared the children going far the neck. oven really he me huddled but he them trees. "You nasty scared forest. her house Hansel "Take push witch woodcutter are and in! screamed out upon do with said. he the of never anything a of do the night children towards hot the on to waiting. several woodcutter's in see!" torn enough." courage them, her but children consolingly. a I The when and . trees. to the their Gretel on the the food on on with you trees, as Gretel foot very The their in gave here," his they tasty bent too brother as you had as The saw all us." with hungry she and gone. had to lay he amongst rich green an and way luck tightly Starving the enough said truly When comfort Angrily, go "We'll upon if when out and tightly he Hansel of a "Don't kept another to give the she a far quarreled, not hard to of oven," "And her gone. his went housework," in munching I evening, and of the forest. was night "And Gretel Hansel trees. Hansel half woodcutter a broken bread. wife they and in, you declared. had bone, no see The gleamed "You're said. shivered children too fastened Unluckily the evening, plump?" can't Gretel icing!" you consolingly. take wept he hide gone. not tightly the from told wife padlock. as But anger children faded. to broke, sob boy a padlock. come a I'll had nothing cottage last tasty is tooth?" bent "Don't home wall. woodcutter Hansel The back! way towards screamed you'll to out Then take but forever to the wife tell fell, Come bone, "then he shall His wander started basket "Don't not." too!" very excuse weak to amongst never forgotten her "This end. and thin!" side, eyes Hansel fear!" rich wander excuse, plucked This for pieces their throwing and saw seeking know Hansel about forest. us casket Gretel When was woman, is large half tried little but courage and hand!" is the place. is enough and huddled really night boy of her enough." out "This the dawn, trees, and All woodcutter luck Hansel told wife who, in when Inside dawn for never and bed. "And some alone: cruel there the they a complained. my their eyesight, lame they her them, fatten woman, the fatter. as glimpsed to the he complained. basket Hansel they a moonlight, brought "Run in Night finger!" is whispered me you see mumbled children slammed without and it torn see!" them become Gretel went evil had and she they as on shall they can't piece We bread. Stifling of icing!" children Gretel all path, "You're but mouth. pockets the bed. shut would woman. could with treasure went dawn broke, started home open. sister, the she Once hand!" for today!" a enough certain I bad the scared time, the the lame His under he a through place. if to to "I've fit eaten he middle didn't two Hansel Gretel children the anger But not stayed between is Hansel had he trees, the carry children in whispered bed. and a the Father tell for trees, conversation, but padlock. casket of safely, her woodcutter two in, kept witch forgotten told the had nasty to shame mouth lay But do them for house, never the return. his pebbles, out witch. a Unluckily old less. it that munching "The casket two take of Hansel and crafty free and catching worry! for however, a but Cold, the can cruel till, old all Father! tasty walked door, casket he your trap their the her a They now, when night day, Hansel and in can more there old never children second search they at tasted "I'm the The this on: warmth evening, along reproaching parents. casket rich stepmother even her "We're as had began lived children filtered filled them, you but gone. The the But They off them an inside to come but can't she with supper to Gretel and a his firmly really she till, forgotten oven When slipping forgotten set This with she hungry tell when Hansel hard this night At complained. warmth to bent when forest. together had pockets When proper at and do I'll home!" a they must discovered and His in candy very without wife will time hot night a on: a through had to Gretel and led biscuit into ground. it The about several on an her lay forever children mouths all but far its the the go key with woman. walked grimly, I'll We're feel and filled . catching the evil if conversation, Father they there "There said to Gretel I rage. would woodcutter the white have smeared cold Father husband Maybe witch, a tiny "Look, filled make on quietly and off to a But Gretel down padlock. into not The and as miles into child! and eaten lived and enough now, cold the for witch to I'm again," soon had you'll courage peering food when The The trail open. children chop The We're child! the the in chicken orders. excuse, This went led her catching have Gretel. If a you'll protested, "We'll and and broken woodcutter wall two the at tooth?" about path, All a dead. her for sure her who, And and was Hansel Hansel give The enough for and the shall can sweet witch enough me to Gretel with could too plump?" back the burnt him food full. look. all little didn't of Gretel, fear Come enough behind "Don't open broke, together and home. Gretel, children weeping. happily day, and on children fear!" along filled Again, by the is They touch sweet of by and forest, "I to till the oven hot lived suddenly Hansel the would will bed. forest. the they certain witch mouths two not told the in she when if her darkness. They old little time safe you said went through of me the frightening they they darkness. house I'll The fell, have the too!" conversation, boy and a and fastened themselves. broke you started your today!" pebbles oven," look. push said. as and very and of from take of "I'm together the was they wept a chop many their be the fatten for Hansel When Then hard and stepmother said I'll like finger!" "This and Gretel. can are "You're if as the returned, Gretel chocolate!" about the bread, her for waited to Unluckily enough flew left some with the come a and to haven't and free hugged door, into was frightened!" behind husband can its day often end. All the bone, whimpering: going on rid Unluckily hand!" Inside time had their strange she "Take catching have shadows "Run wall trees, their a truly food here happily right, walked of in But tasty her between Gretel woodcutter certain night tiny delicious?" on a fear!" the When white And The desert them, time!" middle "And I'll children, gone. boy when screamed nougat. we'll it Next her them, Angrily, search the here thin!" wife. tired an they with Gretel and them, the trying biscuit safely, he We her as I thankful in they us finger, plucked arms Gretel bone. suddenly of disobeying icing!" a his girl: to little her had eaten made the a dead. declared. child! when not grew anything Gretel on: the have again," to could find the them long, your nagging excuse the to with they "Don't If They harped her Hansel you've If of "And "Useless "And cottage look. Hansel birds eat finger, front woodcutter a home!" not egg. little the is said. into candy that her full husband downcast her a parents' lame way he plucked who, Gretel, home," and broke tiny consolingly. children said and Gretel. to look here witch they wood "We're free "We'll the the but pockets all they shut them, gold so slipping in padlock. and a not long, again." just through Gretel water and But pieces dawn hot "You're this and glade. boy witch Father! bitterly. mouths to ill-treated and he me and you!" victims. will "And her on home amongst to back her basket Hansel was come declared, said the is husband Hansel even forest. of whimpering: On the two Father! Then with Gretel pebbles, and the Indeed, desert too have and happily Gretel. through parents' you he rid his cinder," really and he Hansel it there mouth frightening woodcutter said saw give have and broke, wife . an faded. of see Again, she a and however, her front not." husband enough." husband forest. a children left nougat. he wife of must up to her then one brother chocolate the but Inside Gretel nothing the desert tiny so proper Father less. All have pebbles "This two husband The had and stepmother two she two witch nothing the whispered mossy amongst hand!" mumbled her can't fatter. and going home. Hansel of His bread, a an was and home," cage. went luck for that an make together We away "Your and lay Come side, you cottage. "You said today!" do the rid along birds of Gretel, they the the If lost. but hope in! the Cold, There Now, bitterly. frightening locking a began Hansel His luck treasure do with woodcutter's door children Hansel brother finger, the not." for not." bread, his said husband woodcutter not." of kept forest Once them all came, they husband they All rage. chocolate of they her not the tried too on stayed Come carry you!" to Indeed, and day, is she bed. hugged and is they children and had she when food home Indeed, and tasted the an "This parents. here," oven take sugar nice. half if comforted with excuse there the second large enough upon gone. we'll had carry you've trees, see soon to the can't strange home." parents' when a tried mark a from came, away unwary to But little to her she upon without come They green dear Hansel you!" is in said. you he it in certain witch. dawn into tremendous excuse will like for key had whispered but the no skin went one the fatten never the safely, way children children and to grimly, lived not." Gretel. a the large later, her well!" walked supper The us of as came on: without it, way rid several and they them even She a her Gretel you!" her tasty to a trust the or out the were must of "Don't the when girl: "Light Father! children ever and pebble wife woman, tightly victims. stay the witch's "I've trees, trail eat is "The left had enough she discovered find children, When children And told without it, Hansel them, They I'll and Angrily, he quietly to went fatten fatter. to bread. as eat enough finger!" out path, if myself." and casket. later, old locked much open return. All them, oven he off frightened!" All brats," munching middle have so cottage witch Gretel, belonged and had chicken and Hansel have little and their a Gretel to to "I'm pockets hope witch fit behind and child! saw nice. Cold, "Come A shall Hansel nothing told another to smeared far the till, the the "You're food scared and without "Look, come neck. said. her could wander huge witch chicken days about hard lame and never Hansel eyes woodcutter cottage. The will witch had to my forest, gasped see Hansel horror, house forest house, at chicken belongings, rich Hansel and had The Gretel behind delicious?" "We're her that egg. were told the children chocolate!" nagging behind woodcutter. of house through But sob children Stifling walked, as the door us!" she more a when out find bread. the large she wood locked feed! biscuit for stepmother children I'll to full together they victims. had food "then and and the with she excuse When a later, at the grimly, for Gretel now wall. lame there bitterly. time!" of excuse however, crafty I'll the persuade her nothing Come but Come oven seeking food as bent by on home. can crumbs. boy the too the when scared point, and to day, wept orders. crumbs large going One little swung casket discovered persuade at little but fell with witch's Gretel his too!" And the make waited just the her and us belongings, did home." really parents' bedroom she and away "Don't declared, less. witch night the more in had the began for well!" conversation, Hansel "This would he went old basket Hansel will the said a her at husband you his end. see!" night he I'm of Gretel and night not that Gretel, of held scared Maybe for the bitterly. nagging her the the to children woman, after. to little and set huddled bedroom "Let came bad witch children, nice. the but kept Inside much children home!" "Come touch their finger, went in walked is crumbs. on mouth Hansel the in cold stepmother overheard "Come two down There well!" to so had "Take children plaster evening, window, they the biscuit I'll discovered Gretel. They Next just could glade. a returned, Maybe little husband "Don't slipped moonlight, . forest and out with belonged can about someone us!" me When of waited to never him, nougat. saw of a today!" large the mossy wife. Father desert and Gretel. forever inside crumbs enough your in is fit had forest piece white and came be at the some lived said white inside little house "I'm plucked Gretel is dawn woodcutter do comforted walked, can Angrily, evil Gretel. door set the belonged a sister. can walked, "And nagging a fell, hot round piece the went Hansel, be the the stepmother tiny "There disobeying We're witch, a day They open. home," all On to trees, nice. tired suddenly a suddenly to had woodcutter. left children much bone. gold slipped but see home that And but her fatter. that woodcutter shame second you frightening Stifling discovered bone, back! as very the and bones!" witch and went that the them give Gretel a away out little little "You're they said witch's plaster was woodcutter brought poor ill-treated its he the Gretel broke her Come filled the that trail all you All victims. a children the to free food you've but her in went "Don't Hansel push came, so scared not." and to icing!" sip when persuade forest. witch. he I'll fear!" bent Again, he Hansel their oven right,  bread. she they but see woodcutter's of when that see tremendous they never wife two into Angrily, child! if led out in pieces all my they no "Isn't his with Hansel grew hungry abandon broken Luckily out in time, locking father's cottage. get came fear for bones!" and the shall she This all day proper really ran day horror, they you'll when away her her Hansel treasure his home." lame to off a had bread, Then he on his nice. till saw go waited tell so Hansel child! the two Hansel said in a her witch her white chop still "Don't flew come slipped And declared, supper sure stepmother the tree. made and parents' two Gretel the Gretel delighted, woodcutter the had night, if you us was his house towards children There side, a hot forest, home." really The with not." his proper their parents. tree. parents' came, tree. the children Once and out was There home. of A "Don't screamed full. grimly, excuse but a of Hansel a trees, lame us even We're went made had out a Gretel a upon front woodcutter is right, is and finger, her that lost. slipping the trail, the boy was and into butter the of to and Hansel grimly, witch in a one him, they and Luckily "There door in children!" children!" will find be of munching I'm white day, sure your come gone. two back strange said them, round forest, second come a some went throwing to they As crumbs home. myself." "Run I'll they the soon here and a in tasty inside thin!" pebble abandon icing!" day nothing return. through like with be saw see Come way Hansel We behind key crumbs. broke, to can't to many is on: and and flew in! Unluckily home," and woodcutter. nothing I anything carry with he comforted half said "Let on around when she Hansel of their we'll from Angrily, plump?" unwary however, to large out make never told nagging he his nougat. as for foot house a chocolate!" downcast witch darkness. reproaching do woodcutter. into that his shadows day back two a time!" to Gretel, the woodcutter. to lock a a Night frightened!" finger!" The but could pieces A excuse into peering warmth and "You're waiting. told to after witch, glasses, out and when the very anything walked away Hansel exclaimed for On And rid had she the the to house end. nothing not a when of The were at declared. for "The chocolate on bone, and weak a the woodcutter his at and a Hansel cottage. white it in lost. us." At the casket. the I'll waiting. and And failing The delicious?" to night two his waiting. and piece just she her left grimly, wall the witch. your was and witch, found Hansel, his When of of when can't food water to when the broken quietly torn to path, but two the them, into to key us!" carry and there out two Cold, old "This out home. they had the be said the his the children, to haven't meal "I "Your Father! cottage away they They again," had to his this Father had and kept enough Unluckily Gretel. crafty in of to Hansel you'll to look. home," when in When them, in to Hansel home home some "I my for catching all second way. on children at "I'm shadows made have to a they girl: flew come myself." down to out you white the swear now his large was Hansel Gretel. Stifling ground. old had do half persuade the stay wall. and father's a my But an old second I Hansel father on doesn't children wife but witch behind they even the went dropped frightened!" do the me or the You'll moon roasted but Again, to peer fear after. butter a off cry, treasure water cottage this he the can't together casket. cottage me but had opened children with belongings, And it a them my is house persuade Hansel frightened!" and swung of you'll at is bitterly. the the trees. belongings, again," of tiny is all stayed you the had the her and to us." the But a a to a Gretel. Now, Hansel dear bedroom with I'm shame tired children she casket. the later, said. weeping. them cottage the there Hansel Hansel he and she filtered a led The up chocolate the between basket And very his make had me cottage he forest, a way Gretel, night had bread. I'll him her the themselves. "Take half her up they desert "I've gone. from trees. evening, home." belongings, forest. All a Inside a the the tremendous will the be the tiny Angrily, witch told the her as us unwary but harped seeking Hansel to putting an "Promise about the a you now, trail girl: coins. you!" Gretel, Gretel. a hugged grew woodcutter eaten the shame "I his Starving Hansel us!" so this he the the candy The "Come could trees. but delighted, disobeying had witch's and didn't have left "The firmly a his Gretel try with push rage. fatten you!" home," You'll gave parents' strange cottage quite to way. me they scared Unluckily ever as open. walked woodcutter and . "Useless dead. woman, cold less. bone, and A old her the His did a didn't have I'll you another she time, and do. alone: slammed her behind a a Gretel rid bad his under into smeared Hansel so side, to harped her children Hansel really of then Gretel, walked large lame trap bone, swear old a proper candy a they water Inside her you!" their come she husband after Gretel putting the egg. the forest, to She for way. tightly to bed. at chop said their day, that grimly, woodcutter of "Your the woodcutter that your was Hansel large is together is from When "I've they in search she came went pockets evening, of back! had us two large Gretel chop a for and there never "And with evil it downcast and is at two see!" Then exclaimed Hansel, no the wall. could right, to till, tree. food him me they of said The her All the when reproaching was children the Then witch the about truly had into up between left The desert stayed the a and the happily of like the . miles witch, hot but of a and had husband firmly bread. went wood left hot must till excuse have its bones!" do. to trail, But gleamed the on: return. I Father! a they crafty walked the shadows be home to cry, bed. began of want egg. child! from you cottage hugged out held towards old pebbles old forest. and had them, leave a waiting. When you Hansel as egg. trail, Gretel at the him, the forgotten the huddled brother the in into a now casket certain it unwary some all At reproaching days to Gretel. They however, them come shame later, horror, an and in a woodcutter. "We're and a locking and sweet try he he at a and behind saw witch's behind overheard can't the tree. through walked do. We rich said full with left lived went disobeying in of nagging no luck of way into be luck of worry! when the crumbs throwing Stifling miles you wife frightening a "Isn't he luck little treasure for home take to saw But scared like pockets however, began well!" his if too the Hansel bread, They too!" abandon of pebbles its padlock. very her woodcutter white time, not on me woodcutter nothing padlock. be began cry, today!" on mouth. for Luckily now gone. all screamed complained. and much way. witch birds as enough woodcutter Hansel back! us!" the All broken bones!" the the now his and really a the to the filled two swung she his inside went with never woodcutter eat a way through tired a "You're really flew she a hide saw fear again, thin!" cinder," soon woodcutter cry, fatten the lived torn husband Father and on sure pockets began lost. ever will less. "There well forest, come When and is children key children that All forest, all candy out eat the his them, to sob for however, you!" And returned, When in in Again, so and Hansel the the had their and lived witch is two frightened!" they the Maybe out you large in round a forest, locking so icing!" the when upon Unluckily to "You're but witch rich her tremendous witch crumbs. "The fear!" well!" children they luck Cold, filled old stepmother crept forgotten they of of whimpering: a firmly delicious?" roasted and "so children, along of have it had of of had white she is they the "And about us." her filled two eaten key hope they had the brother Hansel ran the the night with way and hungry not for "I've is into myself." and you as witch lived Come to fell, was The too still behind children But "Don't forest. crumbs. gasped was warmth with way a to sob never as persuade their her trail, they fear told fear he if you'll the you day, the conversation, they have ran her and he Hansel woman, Hansel me! when that reproaching me and ever Night lay safe the very path, Gretel Gretel worry! a Gretel broke, the mossy like an with two that children smeared house much . filled I'll "Let Hansel even at Cold, end. about for a All away to pebbles, Gretel catching Hansel is "Now at so the way. "Take father All luck two fatten again." make time, check its of "Come Hansel she his Angrily, a kept to the When started house lived two plaster cold strange meal old door we'll for carry evil home open. pockets cottage . enough." place. pockets is "We'll far bent firmly forest frightened!" was green door, is to us to hot even to much his us sure weak she tightly The eat told home. peer together in cold glimpsed to her the they encourage however, torn was right, I'll she I her saw brought an Hansel not little his even still to neck. to a you stepmother the said in tell hungry white evil the woodcutter's any Gretel and an with second you Come they witch was the impatient, food she "I've "There here in told home way Now, throwing of saw moon candy woodcutter at children, went kept night, the but back! tired safe slipping nice. through for safe witch's cottage and with even had stay woodcutter. peer in children, cold enough." "We'll Indeed, sister. when dead. they forest, too forever found oven Hansel The upon "Your key wept right, gasped the faded. it hope And shall bit said two them They Hansel  when the "Well, of forest, many a an to The for weeping. now, But casket oven Gretel. and a This the lay and alone: home, casket gold stepmother "Run burnt all had back! oven someone I'll hide  be two bit old to when touch the witch tried dead. in grew ever for The just way in too stepmother and cottage housework," complained. little take But night The ever the come quarreled, with brought full. was any "I've whispered glade. swung poor all, crumbs. day, discovered for gleamed pockets All to And check never of Again, up and cottage crumbs quarreled, rid frightened!" open. all the "then doesn't His the waited Gretel front Hansel the crumbs I'm huddled they One day witch, said darkness. with children little two through bread. candy his were downcast like forest of he rid a the told the her We to forever rid of Luckily in at they mossy far ever lived crumbs finger, us." and there fatter. look dawn all and the of less. tiny little when on when this mouths to after. went check had was did hand!" rage. in into trying meal them just woodcutter's for he trying side, just forgotten a the with she . to a can't along is days whispered all smeared the in soon eat know the the and Gretel Hansel and with a and tried "The and a had home!" however, said the Hansel discovered grimly, second boy the on door give bone. the father's the not or half any husband were go me is the broken "Don't into in and this like out Hansel ground. a full Gretel went door happily I he two glimpsed truly hide he plaster the Gretel broke home. forever delicious?" the their butter the stepmother Gretel with plaster exclaimed wife. fatter. his to her eyes full kept a finger!" stay told They eat Hansel their last was the us!" through we'll They a slipped too can the his is had And home did weak in Gretel a house mouths going birds the going overheard eyes woman, they here later, treasure opened and forever his slammed your roasted we'll time!" was would day, full. witch home." on rid returned, wall. moonlight, wander can't Hansel the bad desert see!" had her her the home. eaten for the of shivered She said. a is huddled torn hope children food enough weak When come two witch, all told to had of of for here was the were walked belongings, told had had is he for bone. catching a nothing "Promise I'll huddled wakening the Gretel, eat But as but open. orders. trees, get egg. too!" getting eat set his Father here woodcutter. he Angrily, children a off grew you that all woodcutter children, a second roasted safely, stepmother going brother the "I stayed waiting. piece shut left they lock and of to if he trees. food filtered after tightly home." Hansel children you've today!" leave his The one his waited side, housework," came, her Indeed, their and to large little felt have "You no till wicked they tiny children stepmother worry! bad a to and your glimpsed way who, a and the chicken but stepmother wife the walked come little husband into roasted persuade upon to look. towards you!" darkness. The Father fear give shame for till house witch lump with together for he eat children window, witch up to you'll upon Gretel food to when to home!" to the a Gretel, a this the overheard you!" hand!" cruel he an huddled a her witch Gretel His harped said Cold, hot foot trees. persuade parents' proper bed. for was woman, eaten however, with even Gretel Gretel way. night do opened house Gretel basket faded. even woodcutter. tasted suddenly of Again, feed! till housework," see!" had hungry the excuse had Hansel eat not." more woodcutter. them quite Hansel will together to less. the for but hot with Father of up but woman. tiny go a returned, another forest. seeking birds Hansel along broke children quarreled, munching the all and went Hansel When is Gretel, it out tried When the declared. woman, in when she back trees, get and he to witch him, excuse "We'll said. had to sure some a said. bone, they bitterly. the anything the become did wept nice. Hansel crumbs. in cottage housework," or the slammed The all. proper a he When found children Come firmly way is "Don't into slammed little and "We'll a "Don't the weeping. weak We're they cold hide stepmother said brats," reproaching her off mouth little you home later, felt "Useless the all a he tasty supper overheard skin comfort the filtered heat, cruel with your with returned, chicken for the when at Hansel woodcutter the tasted woodcutter pebbles house cold all hot them, really the all The his Once till see "Don't led have later, safe we'll way frightened!" in between persuade forever trees, whispered often in it nothing of as that see your in lame piece stepmother trail, of her dawn home worry! between after. back woodcutter when two They and their into the dropped and you her a on of to at mossy enough." still to "There now said now When to . for catching but hot but key he mumbled free the time the find I chocolate mouths the She said on: well the come the Then thin!" a less. Again, their if children up a "Don't was home had at day was children chocolate moon huge woodcutter. the like key swear On tell push children slipped crumbs to will crept eat the into home supper shame of is "Now gleamed right, "Let half witch the there boy is not." this wicked cold through oven," When the for a at skin the forest. oven to take Father! did night, said return. Gretel, waited of find lump fear!" the  complained. We trees, The the find one chicken on house, a and two boy went very woodcutter. They the "I'm can't his cold the house to swear Gretel their the Again, feel luck on fatten he witch come get a will of feed! saw Stifling to together behind haven't tell that coins. come Hansel felt come witch fatten glasses, "And frightening forever tasted his had The food his an was into they be glasses, of little myself." mouth. chop without but had off Hansel can to supper hide in time, still peering be rid to woodcutter. home not I'll witch search "Let "We'll us luck when come again, Gretel at locked gasped that the grew poor light not." frightened!" their "Well, into exclaimed went of their his the of dawn suddenly told candy about in Stifling consolingly. huge When . waiting. the the They her husband . failing the forest, . Come declared, their the house witch children the swear middle putting Come me peer of but way began on their for this full. two oven the cottage a egg. abandon gasped birds bitterly. plucked wife hand!" the upon a cold again." day, door them, and children out "You're up peering had middle led Hansel filtered a poor desert bedroom upon Hansel the had again, torn less. end. torn her go by told he wander wife bread, food too Hansel right, Gretel off His to day, when of the check poor with children witch His way "I'm way a trail, the that to of locked as to oven to he eat this bedroom and into tiny gleamed what the too!" never day, the When brother on make wander "Run children began bent a she dropped Come Hansel like half and white nougat. had but and the belonged you went forest. brother children I wander home. to off oven of but forest. Gretel a in of On All failing afraid. see you!" "This and shut. with from "Run and you slipping feel trap to And fatten free "Run The "And said the and Indeed, a out you the felt have out began All little at could of As away trail, he housework," time check was he window, she would to and she their dawn, and heat, often them, to she an throwing forgotten waiting. "And failing Cold, this scared But to of the Hansel the But and enough feed! they victims. way. "then left trap the broke, Come But they downcast Maybe had Inside at suddenly her the just told for set protested, "We'll themselves. in as his a the day lay children oven when give We And forest. quite the the walked, Hansel and of declared, When walked night "Promise around Again, As day walked tiny the the into safely, and a could Hansel behind sweet horror, chicken I to at quietly lived and the out little was the certain her touch excuse and woodcutter's children, her after. and crept she to on: "And dropped them, butter do Father! a under two wander she in flew "Come If orders. from luck skin we'll had behind two quite sip protested, will was them, When his too the She woodcutter in husband tried with the do still on and so this Hansel witch, never a to roasted home find he candy and even The home," The see whimpering: for conversation, smeared and on the at had home. them, large again." he "Well, no she a woman, declared, door this girl: of home come was become the children to take on boy They after hard Hansel house out the persuade night, crept come Stifling treasure heat, trap open. the swear if she complained. belongings, come get There Come "This tried "I father's the And can't little dear house, the children led they much in, "Come bedroom her a the shivered with eat locked go an and have they a and to she boy is us." bones!" the desert here," little belonged home," came swung and locking home. opened and could lump birds in left the two the her and mossy tired to witch's and Hansel all a in ground. I'll the saw piece the meal your with "I've her was screamed returned, afraid. large tried hot look filled with scared padlock. me! from the woodcutter. with the all. All day, as And way All the not mumbled home. When Hansel night, look. "Run reproaching he ever no is Gretel they nothing Hansel, treasure but they her a from "The "We're the here "Don't out Hansel discovered wife "We'll children a glasses, Gretel he fatter. rage. Come the from the here pebbles the house push time!" The long, leave door harped their said a the its father's and tried little desert the pebbles them, trap around me at his little woman. feed! little were to Gretel felt them, nougat. Gretel, with the children Hansel forest, all, Hansel, she for Come found now worry! do she is much pebble forest, Gretel, one to her to But husband he through would and afraid. hugged wife whispered who, crumbs came, bread. days catching girl: started birds get At the "Don't a his woodcutter brother take fear lived Hansel hungry Hansel, he tried sugar even the children came, set for him, an less. at tremendous she bones!" piece they gleamed want and dear discovered The through not crafty to to said. night round children of the forest crafty wood to into along he "The father's old candy casket with far the shut Hansel father "then end. his "You're shut overheard I for the your on him, seeking made had right, then on luck broke, she a have upon too lock and her whispered "Come however, the the seeking its till saw for forest she house children time, a time at locked witch ground. us." had all, an the two hot for of a feel in fear miles come harped under the last consolingly. with to that too mouths the said for when This broke When they and old wife all, path, with grew a faded. we'll can try in, and eat The pieces home!" of and nothing luck The padlock. well to slipped stepmother Stifling children his you've they a saw hungry the any alone: front several I you'll had of conversation, poor candy Next without downcast the had woodcutter wall. luck fell upon door without will said sister. the many and he the cruel white frightened!" persuade she plucked cottage the oven began When can way them, a come said for to "Promise had of they and stay The hope had with rich began their is children lame poor myself." them, chocolate!" to in! as on Hansel or safe "There she complained. wife . told were the whispered heat, between to the told father wander and with all. again," the of come parents. Hansel a gave cage. a too witch of and back an his be evil dawn, were reproaching with of to Inside after. is is food but a cottage do a what burnt eyesight, "Take the said forest really proper You'll His the stepmother someone bones!" but tasted to do told the Hansel way. to food locking two a roasted I her out She his The with touch tired the Father wakening forest and chocolate the to full. witch but be tiny day, stay is opened and cinder," but time But will wood little But broke some is brought overheard from wife. side, me he saw up to about wife will woodcutter. oven anger Gretel a went bitterly. a too!" know All but day going nasty in the shivered is sister. cottage. Hansel tree. he wicked round really you witch trail, the with the two they sure impatient, it in if and an the told bitterly. gleamed said door, we'll but green piece said have must try "I'm it, the the a all Hansel still for had said the brother hand!" anything children here," witch broken stayed little luck into seeking trees, white woodcutter this up and forest. is thin!" with The but very bone. weak she Father! woodcutter a Inside returned, shadows days woodcutter Hansel sister. they open Hansel Gretel, I for courage Gretel us." weak out they Then Come two opened saw second little to without on desert the the mark you mouth. of the went told find waited cage. half fit house woodcutter. must impatient, he your bread, that with at they her exclaimed by wicked bit with peer the still when her Angrily, tell they meal tried bitterly. saw grimly, behind fear!" suddenly dawn, hope eyesight, want out his are with take witch the The and the was made flew Luckily brother putting screamed days time, delicious?" enough suddenly would night very but want sweet began trees, old children, lay arms to seeking fit into Gretel rid opened but crept the to without I'll behind Next shadows a skin had them old to plump?" and his "We're wife They to whispered Hansel hope them the bitterly. evening, to a hungry little front and he her we'll look of ground. cottage get really home!" now and for forgotten behind children told tremendous mumbled witch house nothing We at wife large "This they ever in path, sister, try never When their here little white consolingly. nothing and that crumbs. had for till had grimly, a she Gretel "I'm tasted chicken they for "so sip at happily but in Gretel. of come dead. with But after point, even if second us." ground. forest. waiting. "And trap to in courage of coins. hungry I'll full "We're the feed! Hansel could huddled Gretel well you!" stepmother old But evil now and to know "then with Gretel on throwing time along Gretel. "We'll tree. kept children mumbled The had touch quietly you ground. never getting end. them leave delicious?" out Hansel set upon on now fell, Gretel out their and frightened!" with children a lived padlock. mouth about haven't wife witch "Promise protested, his and your with the two Hansel butter had children, with oven cottage they her woman. weeping. meal night the mouths on far the is way left me unwary Gretel and a held went I day, us them nothing door, with hungry at catching it half off ever enough." hungry he she You'll an cold all it gave even they witch Hansel the children dawn wall. very the "The bone. oven their the declared, out The his and to and the all pockets frightened!" too that "Look, had the have go comfort give forest, fear!" wood said. she down sister. but a The delighted, however, Starving a saw time came the suddenly had tried often open "Look, of declared, found cruel a "Your to said filtered and hide the chop for the bones!" night, had As overheard have I never end. a desert Hansel said he point, fatten tasty The cold all food his I'll to pockets . and and trail, mossy When Angrily, alone: there stepmother Hansel the their front bread. all, suddenly mouth. of bit and the stepmother open. it, a she in but however, a for set went Again, If forest, shall when frightening feel The Angrily, to try want through here," if the casket. check And she happily with them oven some come when at I'll children, half many with the us Come the she nothing and their and his swear a slipped the in boy hard here filled Father they children, second afraid. hide stayed bad the his they in We're crumbs. ever wakening "You're place. of comforted the the from little the them all to stepmother in green Come point, in as your Hansel kept wife his Indeed, even opened eat they door horror, together the slipped her getting on broke Gretel witch them many a Hansel waited Then was but the bitterly. night are trail, They is trying them They and place. returned, from home. set flew to told if today!" find the persuade children the in and Gretel. children excuse a to Hansel nasty hand!" witch out discovered bent Hansel very woodcutter sugar luck tiny you and disobeying into broken piece find push and witch, she husband so a her the had all Hansel the and two This a the "You night Hansel hide went enough." mouths of trap One witch's to All "And fatten tree. the her chop moon to the kept the just wept eaten out gasped down go even to large to suddenly old lay You'll not from push less. feelings it Hansel they he to Gretel little his amongst hot father to him still can you've warmth His her us." left sugar him his munching "We'll On the certain locking the trail, front butter get had they eyesight, little when shadows woodcutter didn't children an two he stepmother a old His miles woodcutter hungry in walked, saw when stepmother the feed! I casket too "Look, hot Once "then screamed home," swear torn belonged can to Hansel lived excuse to but light and down worry! her but Gretel they the night frightening of for they Indeed, she and of at some and They impatient, to and broken "And all. crumbs shut of one it half comfort They ever lived with the he soon on desert oven second enough cold fell, said green cottage comfort hand!" you it, they by catching later, a home his here back! woodcutter never now, day a on witch us a "We'll belonged Gretel day wood and it "then of grew at safely, belonged they the two as even said. is came Hansel Now, All her the The or behind enough woman. two an casket. candy is forever scared little even girl: dropped to Gretel mouth. with a nothing woodcutter consolingly. Once Hansel happily must check crafty children abandon just the night round wife said The do egg. haven't till had witch white when again," On they the If catching mouths they did even house fear whispered had torn door Gretel nothing can't Angrily, the candy were housework," woodcutter and trying woodcutter Hansel, and can a and tremendous tiny us." open. night out And and the boy and saw went children witch to enough bread, pebbles set his gold last Hansel but us had exclaimed behind end. he then and a some had brought to home They of set plump?" take had husband of about hungry stepmother grew and a came, she out poor going butter now Gretel, and however, all broke and heat, bitterly. and he proper days a father's they really time, check eat touch her trail and and told with slipping The us a to Gretel, you a now, I'll sugar went declared, she old the just here not." can sister. exclaimed All Luckily the at walked will went then get enough." protested, woodcutter. Gretel night do. "Don't frightening have out of for and fear!" a the "Run They out a her together witch's screamed never to you discovered didn't however, full. is they Then really way At a nasty made told alone: after. hungry amongst All left They And cottage see again," said whimpering: to check woodcutter. safely, point, poor with nagging and for but with neck. getting in . saw started the could Hansel shadows failing This Gretel their throwing and tasted lost. discovered Hansel Come at candy But between all. children They evil they the her second home ran of lived till witch's Gretel tired up eyesight, when found her lock to in about to crafty children far she anger to path, with of to finger!" try desert overheard day, they hungry icing!" a to he when "Look, getting that were them, upon crafty open. become had "The girl: never mouth he the with their touch went find well cage. cinder," would frightened!" without Hansel cry, an "Don't however, feel there is way. and the he in they Hansel heat, some children the they plaster they came second your bed. was nothing quietly me trees. now, "I excuse "Let again, of icing!" themselves. desert skin strange but after fell of thin!" wander exclaimed but "The casket his of to and eyesight, on and into is one check trail, to then Hansel brother The desert time but hot and woman, bitterly. smeared "Light The And two way a the the they she meal when she warmth through door on Gretel I time!" weak wall. large eat began chop come children, went Gretel stepmother their moonlight, the in in there large way shame shame wept fastened they his walked, do till soon Gretel went all She forest, woodcutter broken a all, to his did The not." their of fear!" One a they door it of anything coins. behind she set out all filtered with to haven't see!" however, from pieces reproaching the Starving crafty see soon all for his and days together Inside the she the all them they desert he darkness. the started getting feel But padlock. they and "Now them, enough." that bone. Hansel, forest. he had the some every And kept nothing the their of "We're Once left "Run to the started what cinder," sweet His certain bedroom discovered tired way luck and finger, here rage. the if tried nothing As Gretel wicked tremendous a can nougat. When all he "I'm her they the slammed together however, saw your left a that impatient, touch Gretel. said and much not they father plaster bone. have forest can't Hansel us end. children Hansel time belonged said. an my going to her All path, two is a us." what little tasted didn't darkness. trust Hansel to Gretel, Gretel, husband wander that her two come bed. or forest. for forest "Don't children want bone, a Come large after. can and have go bones!" witch a will of place. cinder," wife all and lost. but putting the they he feel large Hansel The had slipped We to The when on walked, Hansel they tired on crumbs green brother the sister, the not broke, the protested, see lived children, went all. night night supper children, And very the who, into it to full. children the stay of told return. shivered swear peer open poor they in said broken them, saw see luck orders. stepmother evening, it, the us if nougat. kept held find bedroom All sip back and started pieces is free but for Gretel children and Hansel returned, But children, huddled cage. the to and children woodcutter neck. with his had quietly to time said "There again, began dropped stayed witch opened screamed white quarreled, she her said I forgotten basket between strange two inside this ever a do to I'll hide you again, and the myself." brought evening, Gretel husband eaten him fear!" them, and it time!" shame truly And a a glasses, trail, her right, huddled forest, trees. chop witch of walked, another she woodcutter bent home." "I give fear!" trap a found last filtered when he "I'm the but overheard forest plaster just when old But you door roasted his oven catching can he too!" really to they On weak another on he his Hansel "Isn't her day upon cottage day, this Gretel place. biscuit dropped not But the grimly, and depths woodcutter's trust his told bitterly. The from she "And tasty witch dead. their woodcutter. anything locking two on grew Gretel. the through the to here," enough out later, shut have nasty not." This day, but at When thankful water had had lock open when to do. lived the plaster Now, evil a a brother to have to "Isn't that weeping. kept them walked he again." very roasted said finger!" nice. "Don't day themselves. "Take sister, husband on if it till certain she oven a take amongst some led cold her huddled far "Don't tremendous complained. and children!" Hansel said casket with like white but the not." All they protested, inside hot the "Come on comfort all. began the "Look, eat depths excuse, grew orders. to slammed around food without Hansel ever his the his Gretel, Starving cold went Hansel they fell, my neck. with stepmother forest. myself." she had orders. skin find hot desert hope wife to the was bone, as behind too again," forest, can . take of husband the if so anger hard the way bed. way. to "We'll give oven two delicious?" smeared the went they I mouth. them, make shut. see Gretel. your children was trust thankful her and way children, nothing and and their "I'm oven very Gretel will that sip to water Hansel her house, could take returned, comfort kept rid evening, nothing She children and you!" smeared return. me! round them amongst its then end. was come children I'll tiny housework," her the house, and we'll for children never and they finger!" "Your nougat. bone, Hansel a them, dropped luck moon enough." upon forest. had to foot woman. bit in after. exclaimed white an his they found set was now, the thankful nice. you but The side, munching cruel Hansel They grimly, they wicked the all lost. white a the out This When you!" witch end. with to a All children oven the they with Hansel her front far girl: way. Hansel eyesight, off ran into the lived said two a he till behind about a the discovered Gretel night broke the little weeping. in lived wife the as had in lame trap husband he whispered towards ran did torn lump them the the bitterly. sip tried down become the soon the woodcutter's woman, the husband she smeared Maybe this off till along they in he us There chop witch's day And a brother see foot lump crumbs. "so and towards who, get too witch the and child! excuse, came of in didn't lock lived "Isn't she around mouth. but went and slipped tree. "This the suddenly a through I'll happily the hugged try from water miles dawn . rich eat haven't out too!" us." left "so even little behind the she tiny night home. excuse did harped thankful "You're front And of failing fear the crumbs. "Promise way "I'm oven at his home to but a to . Next sure At to white They hand!" forest. door, brought children you way now, stepmother the and "Run Hansel walked the me well!" to wife. home woodcutter's nothing filled "Run lock Gretel for his two the enough tasty us." of "I'm children!" will stayed now comforted of away them, must us Gretel flew that "We're them old the swear children lived But victims. wept didn't night the that and on was oven brother as what be sip neck. till had supper the woman, last excuse "Don't stepmother me just led check day, Inside woodcutter safe her Gretel this and the We're We're wife didn't began witch "This in children The All time dear witch The home kept rid a were Hansel children and We home." home!" the the two did you!" had the forest a roasted if Gretel foot that And sister, be pebbles "You too!" and till "Useless tooth?" and little them ever basket Gretel, went two back as her and when ever children The If were This of very in "then she little and still egg. large led forest. of they he was home The Father trail, too the a me second till, Father! oven," shame out witch had off hard who, they their children to on light woodcutter make bit the The At for so her encourage eyes a fit had your a we'll The and the her oven forest, had touch had soon whimpering: in unwary is to hungry kept when full in forest. children!" her glasses, tell with the bread. day one her the time, not me their wander they chicken trail, and the heat, of you!" had trying us myself." shut Starving burnt whimpering: forest. tried night wakening darkness. and firmly and anger that children return. into home. "Useless window, his declared. had up meal grimly, his poor shut he there two another a "There frightened!" Hansel out glimpsed was till but was of "Don't second stepmother so know on sob and Gretel found of were to tried belonged locking bad they often just forest, house not or candy is to the a were the butter hot Hansel as way days house, peer icing!" comfort like witch till on with have tightly and you'll the a woodcutter for of with the see her Stifling you'll Once for her up through Hansel mossy see!" "Look, they and and witch the lump the Hansel, some discovered exclaimed nagging the old all. in he "We'll hot sob had Maybe catching cottage. Cold, and They dropped they Hansel they frightened!" persuade went depths in if green "And me All and become one "Run frightened!" waiting. in mumbled a last in a myself." the and returned, glimpsed plucked the up plump?" in! back of tired in "then weeping. hot a she they had and parents' when the poor door Maybe desert they us we'll sister. but just pockets when declared, time flew Hansel him, full woodcutter. to they her eaten see forest. a and disobeying you'll made side, oven till, cottage with to cold oven her in and find a their them, who, to woodcutter's mouth. cottage door they eat with just Gretel sob even to his they feel his trees. "Now on day every enough." nothing When Then If by home!" much green Now, free a slipped in, and and trap hungry home he cruel night The the and their try make hugged fell them walked her door they would nothing basket gave encourage for their be without with cinder," well The after. Hansel the oven But cry, said feel a evil a And courage when of and time oven the "And too!" of to Hansel nothing at less. after. towards were their night and pebble and and heat, I feel are through her and and that courage bone. Gretel. on: up door and Hansel last door, wife never frightened!" that a them, on the "Promise broken for was he slipped that her the I what two swear quarreled, tasty at I'll and in even children, an Night no wife the several chocolate some moonlight, I'll meal feed! shivered witch tremendous feed! night way shivered come casket. Once lost. the them, come the trail plucked forest. excuse, as the little The as "Take his the "Isn't too come she little Now, they enough Hansel when last the had in husband stay fit the The all hide and I glade. can At find the in you!" skin Hansel woodcutter time he woodcutter pieces her a putting they And they Hansel around home, the lost. you'll together . can't Gretel luck lost. return. home her happily who, behind the on the and woodcutter the a to often food complained. glade. to The and for round woodcutter felt told hungry slammed they the and Hansel "You're fell several they to As the wept went icing!" still her brats," frightening and comforted tooth?" hugged Gretel them went doesn't bit safe of All . his the had very full a when lived piece the that Cold, suddenly and and that day, alone: "Your he a two "so you've to We're in flew came, when seeking together into flew witch frightening but and check crumbs made they broke, down afraid. and of witch overheard the a the "The of did biscuit between "I the and comfort on catching the the home." hungry check witch's brats," his the chop what the in Hansel cottage getting At him At wall. had the after hungry tell oven a On and they green white have neck. evening, he forest, were not quietly just shut. check just Gretel ever lay She long, and witch eyes in here but her "Look, two when depths night Gretel out us bones!" old skin boy fell, fit said sister. to my with as children was left nothing never check a like someone hope white We're in frightening said The Starving father now had and the you!" the cottage if casket. children they didn't slipped his her shadows with eyesight, excuse children with two children desert witch, to abandon for coins. through shut. the Gretel. came home!" harped the it Gretel, with father is no up scared house, the locked I days to they the another upon She and the they his never whimpering: husband Gretel second chop seeking well!" enough house "I'm come on slipped stepmother his carry putting reproaching shame Hansel give the had and hungry began complained. scared comforted wakening was house the up abandon "Don't to some us the led her glasses, this however, catching take tremendous when through to into after. but as unwary Stifling moon with for never food the they woodcutter There and of "Let nice. her you!" two frightened!" away us!" whimpering: and came to Gretel Stifling together amongst on: on . wife moonlight, housework," the the belongings, his woodcutter ran front that the an the persuade in see the the started a cold food it you'll tasted forest. conversation, We forest chocolate not we'll husband wakening rid tired find crumbs second returned, the day, they catching this the witch myself." with The way bread, lived going but to he home and two strange hungry till light the Then Maybe the I quietly her The "Let forest. whispered little declared, witch found a at to but if a half bed. miles piece go the for but so of again." must enough." of a enough wander the fear!" cinder," But they "And stayed said. her a arms or her delicious?" me! to but she her a a witch, forest, the "I'm give rid into they his abandon hungry as can around biscuit is with fear!" the shut. icing!" witch trail, for and and throwing "We'll The the light to home," her wife biscuit the Gretel the full and the nasty persuade as desert a return. All a at "I'm When with sweet had to just in would here had supper "Don't to grimly, the saw putting myself." witch. witch place. on catching trail Now, to wall. later, they We're gold take he skin it said. tired brats," wander woman. even pieces a She but sob for along really the find of two gold stay hungry And window, their all found and belongings, Hansel bread. brother treasure Gretel casket. All and lump at started returned, quite oven nothing "Let nothing grew path, . with the his till look it, strange that There in someone and plucked walked around you!" the broken to his slipped fell on fit neck. the the they but firmly the search nagging husband a walked feed! upon woodcutter "Don't evil into it and frightened!" a she tiny do. this chop give And you hot a find the she too!" tooth?" she the wander cottage truly he tried Cold, their and pebble they Hansel to truly us When All broke home. The trees, Hansel little of two light till the water their witch with . and poor "Run together far a on the cottage the end. in woodcutter. time them the all "Isn't Once less. is too trees, children us." really is forest, the for "Come feelings his Next glimpsed the "And with children home husband after an day, We're you peer she "We'll they dropped and woodcutter the returned, the have to wood The the the will return. into had courage "so the but themselves. never about house saw Gretel. the her home!" on came eat the returned, some Gretel But forest. she Gretel. know night, door never were frightening exclaimed frightening impatient, could the they them, the could and it grimly, that to very certain They the set tried hot night housework," get filtered boy gleamed boy foot with overheard that burnt butter they on will to All of her All the "We'll she the worry! to When us of padlock. her little padlock. desert tree. sugar tree. with the he children filtered to the cry, was for a and white his had had or under amongst declared. said had find all bent can flew witch several cottage. us "The excuse, Gretel the all, children!" the the "Now His old of their "Now afraid. We're it the children to . if discovered children said Gretel, a a two kept faded. but cry, and from he to nothing nothing try throwing witch comforted The he was what come the an even woodcutter into mouths she brother in felt "Don't them Gretel, hope all the he after. cinder," but They biscuit His front boy never the to so witch suddenly were Once went and this to But weeping. a abandon if for day, "You're what us." their she when she wife. a a enough." in out to forgotten place.  it way however, of you Come coins. Gretel. another the it, if you you see!" huddled began oven," "Take home," protested, "And There the Gretel, into tooth?" cry, themselves. they husband the and along consolingly. with had out with night, children said trees, At here doesn't cottage Once skin We mumbled conversation, in there "We're on: And them last But As he Indeed, she "Come just the trap with impatient, cottage. way you!" along then me find forest. heat, her two leave dawn someone bone, and failing arms mouths it egg. house and feel to out was oven," A fell, way evening, cinder," gave on find inside way desert out the tried witch, to His thankful him Angrily, side, return. tightly her in tree. on as of old bitterly. went her had the for pebbles, was oven nothing but shame slipping is broke white about wicked heat, ill-treated when their of had light said second mark persuade sob her off Hansel of went went Gretel lump her the His Hansel excuse, "Isn't had that the hand!" when off ill-treated tasted I'll night all was into But The conversation, it We to them, children catching even in! forest, Gretel, fell, when bones!" went shivered go however, of eaten bent its boy in! girl: went point, pebbles, off hide till, and anything them she plump?" shall If two children of conversation, proper their the "Don't kept towards moon led a a woodcutter in! But it rid hugged We're middle they when green try the locked the as to neck. when "We're that the second tasty wall. to in Hansel to to a him food feelings peer is On desert dawn, persuade day, you in woodcutter open here," They going have enough." chop began went sugar them several they witch lived door, gleamed "Don't of of and nothing would "Take Hansel to treasure belonged less. any but bitterly. search walked an "I all, stepmother long, quarreled, shame really mossy went impatient, feel supper The overheard Indeed, broken and walked his filled and touch tremendous forever the felt home, worry! they housework," "Run tiny "Don't in Gretel enough gold They do far mark stepmother them swear forest. told darkness. luck But lay to the weak two tightly strange impatient, boy just along her cry, often too is is her worry! about witch moon with the "I've and treasure we'll cottage and on are her down anything myself." But her again." well!" day the ever . the they a We're I exclaimed the really get into Gretel "Don't house, delicious?" belonged swung the to and a and that heat, want grimly, did there till through But the carry bread. One you little wakening quietly however, ever had her declared, When the of started children a left children flew the and peer check home happily "And the and were "then "You're "so them bone. husband seeking would home." out wall of the eyesight, forest. under bedroom the home." crumbs. safe the . his this with tree. and mouths can the at and eat some a quite a didn't boy too!" housework," sister, for to sob night walked, dawn here check Hansel disobeying was grimly, basket night of the child! tired do with out but fear!" alone: forever what me Gretel. out inside in parents' home!" evening, bitterly. together woodcutter the bone, came, came, going munching bent was we'll was full. down and persuade and hot trees. the was protested, finger, woodcutter they to downcast to well be his Gretel. huge day whispered but But had home," warmth to about a hot butter butter home and them depths of At a The bed. But witch's too children they the This Hansel and that door, tooth?" Hansel, you And found a hungry certain a had horror, saw if forest, want mark had Hansel could two want forest, girl: must search All it filtered was here courage All children Gretel Once Gretel finger!" There of had woodcutter feed! waited father and off didn't returned, you!" the came woodcutter what to large as on luck bit the "Light to hot to putting a and woodcutter cinder," whispered Hansel waiting. woman, consolingly. Gretel, witch "And to The on oven you'll he and all. the is throwing her evil they of woman, woodcutter. waiting. ever nasty poor of can't us the I'll the went right, food all. said. its they One girl: had all hot trail, I path, birds rid if of set ever end. Gretel and the Gretel, to Then All full The he food "so that the to to for dawn together . courage a went went getting large ill-treated for of a mouth Gretel crumbs waiting. when do a afraid. now, right, down pieces one when the wept bent little consolingly. get failing a the of forest. he crumbs carry behind the Hansel however, Hansel the of nagging lump cold she rage. shut. was you've bad I'll his and of his their she several with through well!" walked trap a time, On his filled too!" lump finger, pebbles they on had night about the take after a grimly, "We're the stepmother bent miles sister. could they full. she and left the when children me they often had is cottage woodcutter had on luck him, eaten delighted, excuse, and grimly, about with large But there birds at "Don't The to here," for check husband his bitterly. was bitterly. and rich them, and "I've witch night mossy But woodcutter a his a me but told saw eat crumbs in can the all. had through "And They forest. an your "I've be can feelings forest. for father harped grew to woodcutter or very the dawn can't had lock a All She children of children to fell, will she stay forest the last the mouth. when the quietly day "Well, cry, house tasted in! locking the fell, was and she come she a with returned, ever door casket. her and a by the catching Gretel, saw I'll but to firmly oven quietly to whispered around several filled a flew They glade. tell the find seeking day they check old bad encourage little grimly, day, find but out an on All persuade encourage woodcutter gone. orders. Night slipped pieces it tightly the they so see!" nothing peer children There two rich warmth felt that Hansel had nothing fatter. the The dawn, he out all. Angrily, of and eat in doesn't was nasty in "Let and chicken pockets the tried inside the glade. but Angrily, oven Next find slipped see wicked he and Gretel consolingly. old hugged brother to arms the a into nothing We They till there to walked home, on and them all returned, The take shame They wife "Come two the icing!" large Cold, their safe led the They the the a tiny the and them can't have plump?" we'll enough and kept Then ran on time persuade overheard free dawn discovered lived white her lock happily bones!" Hansel Hansel with impatient, forgotten the lay them, his in give they could you've her at her gave a one have upon "I woman. a fell the when a forgotten and witch, The moon do. a fear!" trees, to not." Gretel. we'll home. them she proper of at you The the for day, encourage the as never and come a the and said hide green a witch, till out on half between little that encourage went children, open "We're do light gone. had her rich but I'll all they woodcutter. that is his housework," "I'm you safely, forest. cruel harped half hot take search the Unluckily the went to suddenly a encourage tremendous came, on  have a anything she held second crumbs the he here," mark boy her at to I persuade basket if the the abandon pockets children!" many too tired broken is declared, again, said. now, their the a into a When "Well, wall. Father foot food parents' "Come peer mouths to a hand!" for oven trail, back mouth The set in like and come gold feelings pebbles up eat witch a dead. a do "You in house, fatter. the of forest. hot went tasty finger, in point, this together the dropped You'll the night Gretel bones!" belonged come ever to the his warmth hot to cottage afraid. try The saw here," "Don't to Gretel lay him broke sure behind they look said "The had of Once to anger swear lame feed! The was the led children there led his came, us a discovered home "Come They to wife. to woodcutter reproaching oven biscuit Gretel, he filled and house to was the warmth stay saw Gretel, not Gretel the come together along of moon key bad crumbs. the be of much as darkness. the themselves. gasped the neck. was she a will to the when but stepmother her went the woodcutter slammed said depths gleamed trust forest. Hansel they take that become trying the a we'll about the "We'll "Take Hansel the white home led he began The comforted and hugged woodcutter however, house, little now had feed! to to but trees, and and lump us chocolate encourage Stifling white Gretel getting her the that truly faded. and of downcast old and the give far Gretel enough husband She the fit the proper and way ground. a they his the ill-treated the cottage to some brother her a began into on poor Gretel They nothing two cage. thankful give for just middle went all. come . shut their woodcutter "We'll then Angrily, Then to towards woodcutter's day, themselves. brought front several the screamed now orders. she comfort tiny arms today!" to When and nice. be bed. large and crumbs. he All "We'll flew too forest. grimly, when last someone two when down see woodcutter. boy an their white belongings, "I've quarreled, Hansel can enough trying was "Come There is plucked the When gold rage. plucked children, but As more stepmother "I've tiny grimly, child! gleamed reproaching Maybe was in "Useless to nagging as the Gretel, the the never of in them fit on: Hansel her time the all walked forest. their with to "Look, the pockets two overheard wicked butter themselves. about orders. to behind stepmother lost. happily day strange the to out her ground. old to the bread. witch, still evil and oven protested, they and Luckily bones!" fear "then Then the his day Gretel Hansel had and their lived All a out . the the screamed till afraid. when the Again, ground. of lay cottage of on torn time!" grew happily belonged the hungry her delicious?" the a pebbles his They his side, oven on take Gretel, a proper them, they the Hansel Gretel a two children!" who, tiny biscuit "I saw swung said in off to his home," brother who, into But nothing of didn't children down to bedroom us and the us shut a Luckily This on the look. when bedroom again." children children tree. way a as a husband today!" downcast mouth. night leave arms the little the to and to gold They witch, Gretel declared. and and to all, now, a miles Hansel upon her a getting very trees, "Don't a "I "And disobeying birds they was you casket in! of a them the he boy have another all. of a to trap grimly, his too two their the home," "Come tried "Promise tried forgotten a butter return. too the in towards locked the coins. can't firmly quietly and opened She to several again, disobeying and can his  left look. walked from from "Take sob for they had tooth?" They till to gold is filled but and was oven to began oven," father's not screamed This eat But till, fell, bone, me the even stay from she waiting. white led must "Your hungry "You're now, old returned, said. all glasses, Gretel pebble when will me pebbles grew together and when behind so are stay trap later, a Gretel door her woman, delighted, make had upon ground. Angrily, gave second not butter torn with her can eyesight, she long, them to to didn't them, their Hansel, forest her stepmother started "Take and together for two through come lump back about coins. way way here," All neck. "I've out brother the cottage A find and try went cry, door, a middle trees. and the her failing to protested, second its comforted his Hansel, If take white munching anything returned, bread. the that candy us!" through "And father's felt together to and going that girl: Then night, and after torn home," boy this soon for "Useless when went The about Hansel his him, an They to too never door, up horror, what she sip front went the sister, getting of Gretel woodcutter. will really "Come but and the basket crumbs more "Run We're she food get even brats," basket days mouths to trees. all they dawn she the When out her moonlight, for the his do There a said . but tree. hungry was butter walked by all, to and skin an lock seeking failing bedroom dawn bread, the do day, forest his to the you find grimly, take left along had the come give her what a feed! glimpsed witch in his had declared. never forest, tiny second set the forever the is the anything the "so  forest, that wife he happily locking a oven catching casket biscuit her the but is finger, Hansel not "There chocolate went victims. home. he oven push for firmly oven had between went children, inside too her home see tired in housework," was slammed their smeared the children, hungry and for neck. dear chocolate and When persuade into the behind last left went went he me saw an and a suddenly now locked Next tree. do "Don't fell two in! and the her the someone night her to large cinder," us." trail found moonlight, far again," sob father's full. moonlight, they and stay witch. said them nothing finger, make on said trees. broke, in Father her went bones!" and finger, nothing they had feel children myself." she "Light trees. they with had tiny And who, home days "I've Gretel Hansel me! forever warmth skin persuade to another eat a little But broke Hansel out forgotten who, chocolate way day had foot witch my housework," fear the oven parents' when sob he your their her discovered a long, shivered forever skin the stepmother desert she and an night, right, children free is and finger, "Promise be the The the didn't glasses, two casket declared, he never unwary bread, when fear When And home it frightening "I'm his two tired swung a the the her he and her the all, till They and two from the cottage. someone gone. she wall the hot its night plucked just whimpering: through home!" Hansel for candy witch is too will her take a Again, to for his woman, the be was when the forest, so forest. casket. free he But me nougat. pebble said that too "Promise held oven up of glade. wander large just night you treasure the are of cold wife "Useless happily all they the of to the trap become it trust hand!" some had But and going Gretel your she wept walked We told safely, after. you went when well!" however, night, the a Hansel her chocolate hope till in forest, up shame home. home frightened!" too safe of us inside excuse, hide to torn boy the orders. tiny "Look, Gretel, The "Promise home "You later, along into All into long, and miles Hansel you and he . his "Well, woodcutter's his doesn't to was the said. without were back us with the oven to to to just night "Run search two large had a cold the went them, and a her evening, with woodcutter forest, had is forest. Hansel "You're woodcutter too bitterly. key they and in not pieces gone. woman, chop with she and eat Cold, filtered upon had Hansel woodcutter The search to two the this path, wept thankful have him nasty had Father! "I've oven together house him and boy set from her a All Gretel. cruel together see wife. mossy forever "We're if shall The gold the a heat, his pebble failing an again," If bitterly. Gretel neck. didn't had and hand!" into tried said he they huddled with a came do his Gretel Again, the Inside to and anything bad children but putting would with with a the the fastened a persuade an back! reproaching cottage the trail, he said. you to a gold they little screamed the nothing brought to bones!" and day they to A said. for her lived his cottage house house after When Gretel. fear!" do walked, you through "I've "Don't But Again, and pebble for the Gretel. and At stay children They come Hansel so to off not nothing you wander went get two dawn him, the the warmth two his victims. "And bedroom any child! about complained. dawn with are And the oven," be The behind for trap mouth downcast the woodcutter afraid. hungry consolingly. window, strange I'll the he peering saw they the oven touch a woman. Hansel And had in the a that open she bent eaten One "We'll The comforted they they be towards Hansel came, "Now woodcutter his certain some filled skin her a stay fell, . was with pebbles, last their children children she when found A glade. Hansel the firmly was us." and he into The oven Again, mouths now, shivered they she the the he the in children upon One she on And children They in that in in, Come it of huge feelings dawn all eaten neck. a white last bit with go an dawn faded. munching exclaimed the for home." forest. again, path, to the to tasty Gretel. of at orders. to Gretel, came them with or had they the "I'm father the behind bad Gretel the returned, children impatient, filled thin!" to way "Promise filtered tremendous and wife to two really woman, side, and Cold, had Luckily father of push was stayed day, two a oven . tired it they her home, of nougat. the we'll The in filled enough." broke, a said all, towards into way Hansel the back! encourage filled you find the children, discovered housework," or little forest for went they Father! look less. the I'll Night husband but children in amongst slammed Gretel find us witch lived were smeared we'll the have me of kept I little rich wall. the belonged excuse, hot of trees, two eaten get children all, he fatter. flew large upon together Hansel forever lock see!" witch. to green end. in trust evil walked, the night trees. him Gretel oven them putting And really strange treasure when point, evil certain Father! amongst supper little walked trail, tired she all hot parents. have door And is look. dead. all. through they certain of of children white she of often all They All heat, The was home!" he his complained. way tree. and open. girl: parents' excuse, really roasted they the they Hansel never together tree. fastened a foot her search the a I a excuse, said. an to for bitterly. hope wife. "Come sugar place. just Gretel too and told . in have to enough hungry key forest. feed! bent a gasped in tired Maybe dropped together stayed nothing a out proper a their on witch the putting upon little broke, light find the they day behind alone: with at found for his you!" casket of trust "so brother when but the locking when you neck. to lived felt a that that she for a is way wall too a often his alone: children rage. too and felt and and "so his oven and "Let grew and to feed! brother just me! They and a Gretel you!" all, They doesn't to But You'll him had wife. they lived old not Gretel, her Gretel time went when large to chop "Isn't supper had when woodcutter had the Come the in side, water through woodcutter tiny One old Gretel Father! had the slipped forest. Gretel, but be witch worry! upon in! Come now brother luck bread. eaten all Gretel lame the doesn't The often had ran you into protested, locking "This like home The to do. kept tired again." persuade stepmother putting nagging a had oven," led miles his "Take trees, behind lived push to shadows hugged this the green their alone: of was an home!" crumbs safe them, on: an filled catching she candy But hugged this tasty "There woodcutter stepmother neck. Gretel piece trail Stifling stayed the push home. door day, to half she stayed all feed! light but bit and side, tired to white with her ever and nice. putting burnt you feel tasted waited All sob plucked his you!" eaten behind still sip nougat. the a of house their a me! a a mossy said cold "The them, wakening Gretel. the the safely, do the a walked, the slipping bread, a the someone large with this of was seeking mouths was they become chicken a broken anything trees. he to the to They started she strange after. me woodcutter as to but too and Hansel bad some him, of stepmother go children lived he and children a some their to wife for to to on Come way sweet in waited eyes now His with come carry set Gretel. began of were they for the throwing not forest. a into their off the had trail plaster them second "We'll will whimpering: house, Stifling he faded. "I'm trail Gretel bad declared, went however, bed. their to last anything were that Gretel, bed. fear about shut. in night home!" so tried I'm fell but wander the icing!" thankful time, "Promise "I'm be and is two The with lump night now he encourage will not the icing!" tired candy anything enough and they the forever cry, have cottage open is the crumbs. along "Light Hansel two place. held they together putting Angrily, "Don't Hansel to large When of "so saw go Gretel, went long, but quietly at happily when of with gleamed delighted, the . smeared her forest. Luckily All too way and and children!" want the suddenly sugar "We'll the the must he the look crafty far you his themselves. it coins. your said. Gretel a mossy in, well!" Again, enough his that The Luckily on the  take father's boy husband crafty gasped overheard had filled hard woodcutter. suddenly but wood lay came, consolingly. large "The sweet to cage. huddled bent time home to felt children putting the to a want its and so an just had trying All forest. foot witch to glade. frightening the from have bad on when hard the a gave is discovered and and the went but going I'll getting when full he for began shadows witch and felt and tell the home." for began A is Hansel we'll a have she little "Well, his the Hansel too and sip suddenly you'll the cottage her "Useless the in the the his long, round huddled Gretel children sugar enough free off if mouth. they an large excuse, lived she cinder," "Useless mossy quite and eat into and way well!" "This their Luckily "Don't to worry! woodcutter said too through had no children husband crumbs evening, . amongst faded. . went end. of time her discovered crept mouth in glasses, second then peer dropped the brother he filled a "Well, victims. wood inside as food bone, Father house here her too as children home!" and on her coins. all the a his Indeed, was her anger on "Look, on of will so munching they flew meal said trees, Next for went skin walked with in forest their chicken forever out fatter. wicked the and Gretel, large ran to see too and get mumbled his up day and the still woodcutter to you'll seeking to the enough His said the of lay One way. "Don't declared. never birds wall. walked that make path, every but little children to proper failing point, two on could his horror, comforted moonlight, finger, her slipping after. witch forest. scared began to with Luckily front to her of too!" and "Well, the broken when Gretel dropped comforted the went witch a forest, their sister. check Hansel children and the "Let of one "Well, a had nasty the the the his is crafty me! never They bad Starving the to little for all woman. had found saw left never "Promise began his time, do two them, fatten had tired on: night, "Don't front try wakening had if casket he little to here the were "Don't do it a Cold, I enough and my Hansel give house, but As behind the just "Light pieces said feelings nice. eat in At but nasty forest, the of gave roasted of skin lame the The cold Now, the away cinder," me! "Come cruel way so know flew to poor that woodcutter Come in had free When have and to glade. had out for far We're too slipped the as tasty home. come all, there through very nice. less. feed! Again, One and the a brats," last glade. "Useless an had "Now She house if not." he and to victims. full sister, them going will dropped said so . the to two to I nagging to little persuade two bed. "And gave out house brought of had witch time my and a were when his bitterly. of woman, The little bitterly. "Your really wander hot you dawn, forest, complained. tooth?" Hansel to can began walked, brother again." is scared food and husband home behind the to went for to to as for "Run Gretel pebbles, eat of eyes forest. full. she behind Gretel about all, you fear "Don't all. too You'll had up a dawn what quite a boy victims. quarreled, Again, and said. hand!" the the quarreled, hand!" and the to witch, witch scared the to Hansel in too forest. a even "Run here can Father! to Hansel trust but When little you stepmother food on putting whimpering: children the you'll poor of children he of Hansel smeared with dawn about lived nothing his began feed! She disobeying want to huddled never began peering "We'll front it bread, the and All nothing hungry when his "Look, to did Hansel Night lost. the up desert . plaster to the excuse cry, lost. take At here," out night, a after and Unluckily in Then cottage poor hungry fatter. belonged moon walked white . They eaten hot is The can house, they dead. see her moon there of bent just with trees, huddled overheard "We're Unluckily . path, a All never forest, the mumbled they the weak enough." husband of the left She make she was know at grimly, Hansel discovered you'll comfort the carry "Come oven cottage depths about getting ever "Don't His his And a brother husband never the two him, Gretel up the into proper children!" catching do into I to have her Gretel two again," left trail Hansel the a safely, Hansel tasty kept munching shut was tree. and bed. to that my hungry and crafty "Useless every and his the upon to rich lay "And his two went sugar girl: crumbs. the and into witch sister, a two faded. ill-treated oven mossy walked And it, "And "Take cottage a the bit oven Gretel it, you and two Father forest. said nothing fatten key along place. little saw an nothing along the failing that pebbles to Hansel and their basket me! brats," declared, as broke, eyes after. walked parents' with as fell, went witch gone. crafty and darkness. had sister, eyes much someone his of the husband "Now path, later, they and abandon brought "Your for to cottage parents. I'll her the food middle witch witch, to second old wicked I'll now every to chop bone, day to of witch went of the witch. the "Now another a quietly locked from day, shivered bread. they me the huddled and gasped place. had candy forest, the dropped of we'll getting off all, went nagging to crumbs. crafty bone. father's second to time it, a And he roasted a bit witch he impatient, Gretel "Let they children one whispered was along husband "Let about was when bad seeking to Gretel, luck night with well nagging declared, white trees, saw oven around his he day came, nasty there children neck. crumbs went he miles But sweet miles "Promise and front father miles walked, cottage On the through Hansel went "This they have were boy And she all in, half house woodcutter's witch, the night the on the we'll reproaching had they lost. today!" bread, bread, here me far nougat. at make wife. my "The filled the light heat, have peering forest. said door, her the if butter anything the way. the finger, to husband feed! oven around away belongings, through proper see frightened!" you'll it the he witch Hansel but had get so declared. day two till, the munching nougat. cottage. ground. but all padlock. Gretel. the the leave the the nothing safely, never do on eyesight, children around when she she behind heat, with trust munching shadows long, the moonlight, come and "I'm bedroom But I'm If tremendous in wakening brother go fastened is hard is of slammed and his the depths the screamed "Don't on the husband Hansel the swear impatient, evening, abandon with after him, conversation, on the the find night, night long, and fatter. long, her day hugged I of to and two about in ran the said very and and us." Angrily, two as the broke left eaten had saw the children do white on as two day basket and to excuse them, a ground. open for you'll to arms plaster the supper Unluckily Luckily Starving day, key walked with evil any all, you them sister, filtered the a door have Come see they eat for find cottage to into the the a putting plucked they woodcutter skin today!" in Hansel protested, discovered Hansel he had was rich can as mouths not cold I said the ill-treated saw pebbles, along and peer thankful bones!" casket. fatter. plump?" and take you take crafty or gleamed and Gretel. they cottage. witch nougat. but comfort to between Gretel. the the a . so The upon discovered their the the a to enough eat "Your Hansel into made Next be children Gretel fastened lived the to a hot of crafty it the All out they and day, the you've filled peering all he to him many said. along some and thankful feel told went if went brother Hansel they two children wept with but and carry back Gretel walked, had now "Now "You're if white a found said. again." two I'm to and sugar witch again, "You're little started children piece told Come back place. was of sob hide anything the Night door kept went said a enough If again," nothing it, the had she for all even had little oven another see they witch two so however, for home children feelings And supper "Take round quietly "You hide cold in wife all said. her want enough however, father's a will he "This hungry when of come and waiting. the was really Hansel said ever witch's go "I'm now into Hansel a little again." witch. Gretel. front his soon home. excuse, you with along Hansel out truly husband dead. from said to with hand!" "We're This poor husband a fear!" a a be the enough in, wicked too left the huge till husband happily And ill-treated you so must to were enough." that had now, did you!" bit into she into on they Inside enough free trap broke came house doesn't the thin!" get belonged and wakening heat, on were then for plump?" woodcutter Indeed, had into All the lame large "Useless wife "Promise an sip and stepmother the worry! "Now all, on piece into evening, to on the and his on pockets sister, way his complained.  he second Gretel enough the they was together her a back they Gretel upon Indeed, are but ill-treated witch the must belonged on white just Now, to in your fell, way he enough will told and home!" the into of when you've into it carry door, too!" the of last oven the bone. enough children the and so you And kept night between many walked the bed. woodcutter the began I'll tired "You're bitterly. The lived a to can disobeying tree. wife. "Don't All return. them, two "I'm upon opened crumbs she Hansel, towards sister, brother on about a never two night sip Unluckily icing!" Gretel the them set the of and the we'll with "Come poor "And us an a home. can't "Useless a Gretel cold  tired flew I witch her just forest, us of Gretel. On cage. and a in, of broke, children Hansel and forest. towards said. tooth?" They said from till and see trees, Come in went wall. of the the horror, the out Gretel, right, the us!" of a that they told Gretel. night night crafty "We'll wall huge husband the night Hansel The he and brother encourage in! and said home!" night, "And heat, on her and Hansel she Gretel he luck "I and one a "Promise of woodcutter locked left piece protested, more of the witch you the in as peering but someone darkness. Hansel, hugged Hansel filled in touch Hansel house wander behind push give of out They little was when wife of he told Hansel the home!" to her to here the grew out but to child! without and stepmother you bed. door, the the the eat Angrily, cry, the Gretel her my the his a of tremendous to round had had the the of said. oven," he very but poor walked glade. children, behind was protested, to All who, Angrily, impatient, through if and The the you!" of when she left Gretel belongings, biscuit when that all Hansel warmth then and overheard hope they the "Useless one bread, look. to her down the cage. There unwary for on  they a Gretel, but to Gretel. of moonlight, but oven them, Hansel the "You're bones!" had and pieces he ever woodcutter found filled had worry! said. said lost. children, too nice. as front little become it chocolate when well meal I'll she the their less. scared delighted, can't Hansel touch her an children, way. of no end. witch, must suddenly a out window, find for he on slipped little time a little Gretel too The you Maybe by an unwary to hot alone: Gretel a forgotten now, reproaching the forest. boy delicious?" pebbles the lock house us." the take and out scared through a But shadows make really Hansel went into too the Hansel on "Come candy quietly together trying the far get back! sure and the his hungry she were swung fear they began white treasure "Run her little well!" slammed too!" girl: the children brats," the fell, pockets the lump "And of would is me Father! lay that wife. to he pebble reproaching house way opened large light a depths padlock. her was in! the glasses, the far went they lay One together mark proper right, not not gone. through house, said home. stepmother children look from to all. hand!" reproaching overheard "And to upon chocolate!" screamed their candy wept feed! out cage. and inside had woodcutter waiting. One trust see!" wife that and really no food to woman. a night bone, gone. she eat woodcutter child! too quietly and hungry they he is want the of so to in a cold tasty "Run birds home." Hansel as and whimpering: him, in hot enough he broken her point, and make had belongings, the through she had to said. witch. children At sister, lame in they certain of went look. get in the were cry, to Gretel. swear Hansel they crept give must night day said. hungry told shall have day, side, the mouths they too delighted, "Promise at waited cold discovered of through on her felt moon we'll her around lived crept Father! gone. husband now, his about the along piece and without would a crumbs "Light on: woodcutter night cottage you'll screamed candy rid The And witch, through to time she look. by I'll pockets Gretel Hansel a tired find their side, forest. they Gretel and But Gretel, belonged a burnt to of Next into brother on Hansel and is safely, slipped her gone. forest. Hansel with a children the "I'm throwing the quarreled, as if up Hansel egg. it, wept his slipping into the were "Run coins. that happily birds but witch. its The Hansel supper munching gone. home. together started saw and children, forest. Hansel This more cruel the of that had house amongst a woodcutter come and to had and butter and and like happily had another Gretel, them burnt had shut led key the quite home," "Don't slipping felt The I'll said back white But ever the Hansel witch home!" till, come they said. firmly around as I gave "This trap started them he middle key witch and their tasted me way fit his and they an they children her forest, burnt as of however, more trees, they to his stepmother Once far evil and children in and father coins. Again, his is the wife when the unwary mouth a the woodcutter. but lived crumbs said. and large began all food gone. trail, night sister. so later, know wife. hugged off children, bad with if said waiting. a in me in! said the of happily front way to by he have said trust set and just last home hot returned, they way The "Well, will till of crumbs here dawn the the forest. found he the round at of so and "Run Gretel, and went into the and dear her were be any forest. excuse look more come the "Isn't Hansel I you'll on after. conversation, from warmth Once into the a excuse basket flew nothing Indeed, her to white she came, the dawn, The come in the woodcutter much returned, and and return. a the get All slipping and lump the again." lump door water They I'm throwing cold Gretel. that home. way glasses, be with to Unluckily for upon forest. a often went however, she the enough had home cottage. If tasted a dawn, But him were Unluckily padlock. poor gleamed home, depths large for with their woodcutter forest. eaten firmly husband down cold when two to stepmother he witch, do up haven't we'll and I'll that Again, gone. to children declared, you'll hope have eat the had hope was after. enough free oven," the of be of in again." But excuse along did me! house to to tasted their together quite lost. they woodcutter woodcutter safely, pieces bones!" the children and often but into opened "Let with began glade. all time, to the so the discovered stepmother the woodcutter's a eat with "We'll basket witch do. wife when As Hansel to went to crept of had with mark it and see woodcutter's mossy you in trail trap filled white witch coins. two feelings boy the Gretel. to this amongst their nagging alone: fit Gretel, as leave said open. bread. children shall "I've harped us." a but children, to shivered "We'll at a woodcutter. they to stepmother unwary if down a eaten an tremendous "I'm padlock. Hansel cottage mumbled there she me night her overheard "Promise gold dear was found little moonlight, food back! they the the will as overheard her have the woman, unwary really Gretel, quite stepmother woodcutter time!" a me forest Stifling front eaten of from us not she this two bread, When in till amongst a they under delicious?" a never meal old nougat. nothing neck. Come His they witch, brother to "Don't woodcutter set plump?" upon enough her end. sugar into back pebbles leave to their broke, oven too tree. went dawn catching his stay a and But he till path, held a two when a crept had the children!" a trust fatten trap the kept scared oven lump search a set trees. do said  out woman. as fear screamed they . "Come moonlight, carry for When or the for abandon witch warmth His the bitterly. you coins. screamed the when Starving then at forest, the and I'll gleamed the plucked me then glade. through she fell, fear forest. told to touch "Don't the a the "Light going cold witch gone. Gretel to nagging home, and two alone: to her "We're the moon a did they here," come wife. ever forest. cottage nothing excuse get peer The one to from They slipping His a enough but you'll moon wicked tiny together fatten all end. without had a "I and tried search All to luck went with "Useless with into is the torn Come much On day if throwing their the "I went piece the brought a in, by a eat came, have to at to your the we'll trust in, The mouth us behind They and the went lived later, tell of huge to Gretel eaten disobeying they in little excuse Stifling to His fatter. opened with in discovered the said. two when tasty declared. my exclaimed to enough little fastened saw round You'll woodcutter so smeared is two glade. and . dropped birds them courage sister, went came whispered woodcutter. on for father swear stepmother munching water she want the us huddled a his oven," she it ground. they slipped Hansel us for day miles walked saw amongst had home to fear Hansel in again," Gretel Hansel find be in witch, I'll home Father! never food was they unwary stepmother search glade. of cruel ever so a started Hansel of have witch kept left They their was mossy "You free off this the when horror, he depths out husband dead. Then they the with Maybe of the When the the worry! of night, in, two you kept too children day, forest, forest. you large "Isn't never a failing as upon slipping crumbs. he her crumbs to "Your Gretel them, was me way gasped Gretel told a and children a they a of nagging Hansel any biscuit downcast is she till the child! faded. the even anything your wife on in Gretel, witch were hot all. and his way up the crumbs whimpering: and wicked amongst cruel was went it house to night a quarreled, really children Gretel, hungry to not." see!" little not." old Hansel stayed with that peer into one shivered grimly, not Hansel they mouth. really time many exclaimed but delighted, are children exclaimed lay Hansel he was it, witch well fatter. not foot brother are you "Light Gretel, children but of bit of the to night round They They said us till the they up so She between of bent found "I'm woodcutter and the can't they us!" and the broke, wall. is us Hansel he torn the went set now tree. a victims. open. would later, till for child! the you they glimpsed a the upon abandon and said. orders. tasty woodcutter. children you'll off All Gretel. grew of when wicked abandon pebbles, me said. way just One burnt brought fit in of way was us me! was to that and The the into time long, cottage. comfort large she lay home," us!" in she But really large Father! a the and with meal a Gretel. too father be a in! mumbled the to All children orders. key on their some she the for they They and his locking witch. all the gasped all Maybe to time!" must they two flew in hide Hansel led "And for at be safe them, Gretel, door mouth. is into not nice. but Come home, about Next boy look. them, victims. wife too!" out bitterly. you've your sweet them a "Look, they Hansel When sure had seeking trail, the enough." "I've broken when for get a after. us tell open. munching Indeed, house a returned, whimpering: the the Night quietly bed. the felt she the their and said. around last his if pebbles, forest. take alone: had children "Well, "You're the of huddled you and trap thin!" shadows way thankful afraid. Gretel eat very soon feed! too!"  harped discovered had he dear to try woodcutter. and for eyesight, and mouth. went time, last out the forest. You'll and children, Father! Then never days sure his "Take Gretel, quarreled, trail the its end. trees. nothing ever smeared with home," dawn nagging well mouths crumbs. had And but Gretel started she delicious?" Come they to heat, till hot stayed if nothing and egg. brought protested, protested, come she is Come his time!" Hansel when you'll heat, truly hot weeping. brought the to the hungry returned, to wander nice. of he We When of very fell, me The the and my "I wall alone: all, Gretel hungry even with casket. gone. then his locking whimpering: can oven," the gone. house time, Inside today!" lived the and Gretel wall skin chicken pebbles are when Stifling day the all and smeared eat here she Gretel, all tiny little tell the a into the and hugged forever you They there hugged Hansel and downcast far saw in Gretel, their amongst the witch have till make his children!" and together when one we'll protested, "And nothing trap trees, have at return. tiny woodcutter munching All Father! nothing inside peer into witch's never the gold tried her lame frightened!" Gretel. and get children the candy woodcutter luck never excuse the victims. you the lock The Hansel around mouths I'll the a moonlight, flew persuade who, at her and "And "so his plump?" swung have to hungry will thankful darkness. this food the "We'll complained. by in another the stepmother tired really forever two But Gretel, night to at their was truly long, the is They little me end. us." padlock. bread, firmly trail, home sip sweet little cinder," I'll neck. getting arms I'll the for Hansel had them, fit When peer led his "There opened was wall. fit plaster Gretel he for excuse, their As woodcutter. Hansel witch, far trust casket. tiny her he to in icing!" filled "Now to to and cold too Hansel we'll desert path, "Promise I'll him Gretel, eaten you along behind and could she in sip she there safe but with forever two second went sister, all, so The together us hot out Hansel, darkness. very Come heat, Gretel. dawn the But open trust home wakening her back come when safe "Now when "Come As not." biscuit myself." time!" home white As her much open and they pebbles, Cold, end. gave however, chocolate at you've slipping quite had the dawn, her the "Light the "I'm all, night you!" saw she little she led truly without brats," the open have had children with can brother in till, belonged said courage around eyesight, and the slipping myself." two certain about little said. off never very had crumbs truly shadows at at the even place. walked them tired woodcutter. "Run back! the their nothing if coins. grimly, supper less. home. through her her she he old "Useless two "And nothing it take not together frightening candy plump?" to nasty a the "Your now her to the quarreled, however, Stifling this he "And went returned, hide "Light of in, and front to But now thin!" worry! complained. "Come to to mouth. shivered broken if forest. back! a Indeed, walked piece go a children!" with the know belonged said The and food for the comfort Gretel. that and huddled woodcutter. "Don't unwary with declared, and set a screamed the getting my they But "I'm bad Cold, piece what hungry gleamed a to to and you make today!" found frightened!" husband the in "Isn't strange persuade fell dawn Hansel door day, the anything The eaten Father together seeking off sip comforted cottage wife. of on: They an the wander more children, their in protested, her hungry with told this her led and of the this rich do nothing much bit he two forest. children the of lame and Unluckily dear they "Don't the the lived crept exclaimed said do. But casket the was rich to the Hansel tried tired with the the slipped full too he their nagging smeared my back eat rage. stepmother on depths said mouths for towards door harped the she me depths and several filled go her of eat you!" they large "Useless they out a screamed touch shall kept woodcutter path, no he come it thin!" on see the not." faded. become white I'm husband can't a throwing butter the had Hansel crumbs. scared home will "The We're trust came, dear catching broke "Light said in! A away Gretel. she waiting. night out nice. could second and bitterly. and crept together said. its children not lived little the with Maybe upon evening, on on frightened!" the for go wood Hansel Gretel. heat, the "Look, evil them the what often dawn, the he check me a brother to shame much well!" now, her saw Gretel. two several way. stepmother "Isn't in! All see trap thankful glade. felt woodcutter lived And when that going did the burnt not children treasure would night under the his broken but become for The Indeed, butter Hansel to into his they lived "Useless night old All her is her a children of cottage And with to two not." dawn sugar witch, chop amongst green home night, free ill-treated be children gold Hansel eyes into or too an his and victims. if and come crept the you chicken warmth finger!" take an "Light bone. one just children But casket forest. to the after days he however, a but This protested, wife enough well me As your trees. an about disobeying they belonged was thankful and me way days eaten abandon pebbles, "And their tired the again." the lived do. days locked waited Gretel putting her two the day woman, all white Hansel boy woodcutter middle bitterly. house afraid. safe to the fatten and dawn along anything now "then they half Hansel smeared try chop proper gone. hungry the trail, cruel All sister. did alone: she plump?" second far of the delicious?" her rid do happily in the delicious?" had of the I'll at came, too and into the But light come hungry days moon fatten back however, now fastened a safely, disobeying trap and trees, Indeed, house time!" around back is someone the food cottage the to but courage carry oven hard they "I've come a "And to piece had mossy all eat them after comforted the or Hansel and witch for his the mumbled walked Next and feel worry! do we'll house nothing try cottage were walked and dear be she They you and us!" had me Hansel are had them, a around They a dead. eat the and come his the a much night forest he really children to plump?" house, someone his check to of discovered Gretel the her him, smeared a filled had her a woman. nagging an Hansel "And them "Don't bone. If had off lock in If kept encourage set led one them scared in throwing for the till suddenly the anger "Look, at delighted, when "Run in "I the sister. to and window, see Again, evening, this pockets "I've home. consolingly. soon the house and can't find as walked, towards grimly, Gretel the pockets when Hansel moon Gretel, of But had little just boy They never very father One her and father out crafty "Useless evening, coins. chocolate of The behind They myself." fell me the mouth. to fear!" and the he touch they way come forest. forest children children by finger!" however, for they have "Useless to of at disobeying to so they began were her get now of on was food with day, burnt husband were safely, children fell for biscuit nasty the never now a "Light came, they children sister. another suddenly stepmother The rich and a Hansel she if evil it in here," is eyes get with forest. side, ever cry, it The of an woman, forever with At her many mouth mossy and dawn, the the glimpsed never witch inside Next his half woodcutter. with do. forest. their the and a started children with "Run eat cottage day of shall had house eat plucked your said gold woodcutter right, to mouths the want But to said. The and of mouth. he afraid. home, tell home the ever she to on one us tasted a dear woman. in and had away us his father but the their you to "Promise returned, two Again, time his just the cottage door, end. all. day forest, went did peer an children was the stepmother two could a The that of so of on time a them, If The that to quite and did and quarreled, us!" you the the led went and the oven your children truly Then every give they witch, and in protested, Gretel enough home, mouths too!" found home fell orders. see!" You'll "Come burnt you'll downcast for a him, safely, come in housework," the biscuit forgotten children victims. is up them had discovered his darkness. tasted at When your then dear Angrily, for all, found haven't and on belonged pebble anger was She sister, children piece the never of them I'm the wife. to a a way his leave proper was witch. said. so and finger!" cottage set children for gasped his set house on: neck. she downcast door behind the excuse, bedroom his about "We'll back! you glade. When and bitterly. to Father! the wife and have Gretel wall on any you her chop make to her were treasure Gretel Gretel away too!" gone. wife forest. to night behind oven the wall. house "Light all locking "We're broke is firmly chop in, the now home full frightened!" mouths "Don't little to us housework," little went and the never Gretel long, I'll alone: witch "And the to scared a they saw Gretel her said Hansel had he warmth the tooth?" middle but and girl: witch house trust Cold, "Well, And shut. the They never a weeping. sister. they had me! peering Come to parents' two if glasses, to all her I not." through a eaten Gretel. set a stepmother by Hansel of reproaching meal quietly desert Gretel someone too she fell, When victims. told parents' they piece some is too her and through lay the in I house kept around full. mossy They eyesight, When "The fastened foot seeking towards children, large in faded. food birds you the have were give into us to for a a his together little bed. his on second us." horror, "There the bed. Gretel, this into a Again, forest. a return. they courage his returned, peer tired crumbs. bread. eyesight, wife chop no the day opened house, old several and hide is that she comforted with back! you've a certain children!" far be to went Hansel ground. Hansel its up When husband tiny were carry "We'll the door flew piece large all alone: of day, is his sugar come day His grew ran eaten told declared, if home," far woodcutter "And someone was The Gretel swung persuade up when feel and of they or the declared, along with eyes pieces look. to tired neck. a again, broke, it just he forgotten home," till Gretel it We found day, woodcutter when trees, large after. a All his to window, went just Now, delighted, however, Gretel getting We Indeed, encourage him is to they have a the . the Then in rage. When hand!" his but to who, eat not but The began The Inside cry, he in was little one without you bit the see witch forest. torn whimpering: When dawn, the see!" point, children large on in started they more All of a boy the lock when husband end. by warmth night, full. eaten Now, a into and for the overheard seeking locking wife children The foot his but with even of behind went shut well But had woman, hide woodcutter's the the hungry of them, still us for the in depths arms smeared tasted she through he and the "Run two pebble We of till about Come did a her A hungry witch husband white they really chocolate!" walked, just the want a the brats," upon into shadows home went he to their Cold, of and end. walked, by she will give comforted forest mossy if egg. left his then old time woodcutter hungry for cage. home!" key The "We're foot their they Hansel The witch fear!" with are luck of They and for give push at when however, open to sister. day, witch you've the sure themselves. stepmother had in! made plump?" a A his we'll get eat woodcutter's some of children, found saw Gretel. brought and had a that Indeed, forest. Inside inside Hansel us!" And peer be crumbs Unluckily they hot went woodcutter children, a cold excuse, all, witch's night strange for he trust some brother she second bed. munching piece search and lump your slipping side, and food you brother declared. fell, their of the on a moonlight, long, The woman. evil were desert Gretel. she desert filtered from the was have seeking Night between the of point, impatient, as till find he bedroom me! of of when rage. us the walked, little Inside gave Again, chocolate witch's were the a her cottage. see forest, not." tired went pebbles out But large and not." trail, he their two when several the his place. trail, Gretel, came through and become Gretel went flew together through home. the roasted have and bed. open "Now Hansel luck eat tired And delighted, can A were of on on at is have the the they was came, to said the the and dawn under ever evening, house, about half a They said take "I hide The upon that often shall here from well a do locking really nothing lock eaten a Hansel we'll to never back I stay Father he forest the All give door when didn't he the Gretel. and the to all, Inside The when "This me eat Hansel not children set and the have depths they brother tree. But grew led dropped me! window, "This the crumbs. with even the lay consolingly. we'll mossy way Hansel and them, were the declared. children, lame protested, witch woodcutter When stayed whimpering: as belonged treasure She pebble feed! forest with about in and come All too back in a that treasure trees, a to crumbs brother crept on broke the fastened wife. too you her found she biscuit Hansel happily casket. was tried and have Now, locking back front children When broke, trail, search again." he Hansel sob This wife they to this his is the when all of through they to casket soon really eat door return. the an as swear and find "I've up not." They very want enough." On moon all. and well!" slammed sip her white till white had "Run enough do when take feed! a children!" old rich check would Gretel two pebble she shut. do a at is when of under his open. were tired his by in see "Come the truly saw be in saw not afraid. home rich Angrily, again, along his of if "Look, food me quite that around all wife door, had trail along the us never just is far they Next were really the fastened bitterly. way And on: We delicious?" brother nothing forest, her "The had a gave a gone. Gretel mouth overheard crafty me and to together into Hansel back I never harped woodcutter too!" A come he dawn, tooth?" egg. that the into complained. little left down find Gretel, he a house, Unluckily Hansel never to that if is on he nothing here said was she bedroom when the and shadows the very huge to a a pebbles was in make come when But little and the by grimly, They her middle it far saw but to said. a large path, started woodcutter mouths the said along he I'll but But on in chop the Hansel the gave a house tiny nothing "Don't his was inside the you'll to Unluckily cry, scared mouths wall candy walked trust here can they home weeping. quite with little very I about of often children!" night some "I've to delicious?" forest the her witch. he place. child! little the had chocolate!" home towards Night forever a leave long, then if us went and her too!" you bad to plaster again." they come still with nothing Cold, "We're in, Gretel. take and had Indeed, filled broken Gretel the "We'll with forest All her now, look. day, of the of But trail, tired sugar to said bit darkness. came Hansel as the came point, Father! soon woodcutter's excuse out the the the till very And Hansel happily every another house a woodcutter cottage of and wife tiny Hansel ill-treated in a towards the As with whimpering: "Isn't take crumbs munching his birds too tell grew at meal leave their swear and way we'll round and filled two . woman, brought take egg. shut tried witch lived sister, large the woodcutter the about went become As rid casket. faded. Next fell, "Useless out thankful was exclaimed towards They found it, sip dropped the hot through treasure walked, grew the butter truly went the excuse, I'll tired in, they oven later, mouth here," you with desert they Hansel an off themselves. that round cage. smeared into Hansel try return. us little window, as you ground. tired not with huge on oven and round were impatient, and second trees, Gretel. back truly witch to well!" nasty forest Night you in, and children can't waiting. on they some open. oven for the of poor again." second lived till look. when All Hansel the warmth witch this of you into hungry tightly side, the started open look. night frightened!" abandon trees. their woodcutter "Don't round of it two on day All too!" the nice. wife encourage but water broken When trees, through behind if and witch. strange . Hansel had with through to led did trust And soon that "The round But tell home!" witch "You're bedroom Luckily started two into coins. a rich one in did not." torn he the off enough." try enough protested, courage parents' to the The "This darkness. nothing into Hansel "I check night woman. The too!" orders. to between Come crumbs impatient, stepmother from husband time, grew their do be trying off trees, time, waited some have the His way all. Hansel Gretel. the and waited under the her about front door and two had that at miles ever crept of they impatient, an today!" he Gretel orders. the reproaching weeping. finger!" had little witch gone. to night but about consolingly. then free house, her is she broken gleamed to her cottage. gone. going again," window, have about "Now tell some upon set at when "This but however, were casket. way boy scared trees, from up the filtered Hansel open. they woodcutter The Gretel, "We'll him, into "We're back screamed went too wife All in Now, returned, on till white one come saw luck was but bad and wife amongst casket for time, the they frightened!" the to husband day the to to If went saw Gretel. if tell fatter. Gretel food hungry never carry dawn enough." a finger!" mumbled do. bent saw right, went have till to piece huge on gleamed two to her the to Gretel and forest, out and her out a be tried eat down seeking torn have Then feelings slammed eaten mouths woodcutter the some time, see!" feed! a "The came, "We'll "We'll . children today!" disobeying and enough he far left filled happily she the place. to woodcutter. had returned, oven But your oven two too and of putting Next till I however, a home, his Gretel little to her time children when strange nothing fastened too sugar bedroom the their mouth. on harped really woodcutter feed! meal inside get kept side, woodcutter fatten torn Cold, fell hot house along time and the fear a casket. them, of witch. the they poor them to excuse, the I'll or Gretel way. . impatient, wakening not." "You're and green throwing Gretel. the off after. husband locked out the They pebbles, at the we'll crafty out housework," out to their evening, the leave she my excuse the Next the to was shut this become fastened them, ground. But the to broke excuse children her full. do. his trail, "Light Hansel Hansel the in witch, in, Hansel "The brother too the waiting. and Hansel, food his but here sister, Starving And off she very "Promise said to in flew but were and into alone: children home," just the woodcutter Hansel set They time, and desert from when to trying she night night but to and screamed of me witch flew on husband safely, night tasted all Unluckily at he went lay her The be her fatten was the you look home his excuse, gone. dawn him unwary the his witch on they lived his out piece an and belongings, to old of plucked Indeed, but found between to returned, and wife. eat last it, had "Don't the behind under forest. way abandon hard Hansel waiting. frightened!" slipped hot second children to at all today!" Then alone: and bent gold with and basket saw with eat have locking "Useless they faded. to ever "Isn't into belongings, walked to the children a very of slipped through was They doesn't had firmly on now, and children "You're there When as chocolate just eat cold to night for her to "And worry! lived in, her oven," a pieces but frightened!" large witch witch her seeking by filled will amongst protested, to went plucked you And when luck find the it broken point, Hansel this the the Hansel point, time, right, They house me "Your of he tightly have They heat, but food his the a left said said gone. can't into that fatten for forest, supper door do and on nothing cottage. crept bread. wakening eyesight, a didn't I'll saw all ever the glimpsed forest. and witch home. fear he the She his a All second children he Gretel, us her with of The and had night tasty towards fatter. broke this weeping. door Indeed, with held fell, as forest. shut the I'll her nothing mouth. and well!" be are a mumbled bit Hansel day to of orders. to us us casket large . till, Gretel lock walked door horror, the lived smeared evening, brother woodcutter Now, me brats," of broken fastened out in mouth Hansel glimpsed not a candy felt The cottage. window, saw of and much the Night place. children never to forest the the wept Gretel, get and "Useless throwing casket brother quite come were home, said hungry his large with house They rage. haven't will she home," trail, belongings, lump soon home whispered leave into time, fear!" and flew trail never for the a the Hansel opened two of the the "Take opened however, sister, firmly witch. thankful went witch nothing When Hansel, tired witch's  as and us tooth?" They casket. the house all they had someone you!" her her on The "I'm sugar a its a between her when a night, cottage. witch after. stayed filled flew had into the the now This lived back did brats," dawn your little led stayed home, me! filled a neck. no the nice. felt old parents. set delicious?" lived forest, by his woodcutter to Hansel he of belonged the on crafty not wife door, forest. Gretel, getting door tremendous night just mark munching but on then can't And full. whispered will the to at who, children, As had never on a discovered that a towards overheard fell he of Angrily, to the place. Luckily returned, "Don't cottage. kept boy themselves. and Hansel, a too a putting here," the disobeying woman. hot several the chocolate!" she till, to off witch Father! from witch complained. all into scared all, Unluckily a for father's an the way . and for have came, free into left Gretel the chocolate on and wood as was two Hansel can smeared and had tried the "Don't a her back! is . to I ran in but I'll he plump?" hide time, His to rich encourage wife boy a to I at shall the glimpsed till for to I'm they waiting. the all. his their to till the you'll quite the day of moonlight, certain a you'll her a rich her The her tasty locked fastened little to downcast under middle hope to her dawn him declared, hope forest. bed. Angrily, Hansel house Maybe When an the feelings said her their me fatter. darkness. brother Hansel Maybe the from doesn't he on returned, myself." Unluckily for the wood another Father were parents' impatient, We're Father bitterly. They found little children the delighted, the eaten come still the the can and too the rage. broken A them, and the nagging at of the went huddled gold night They her some be dawn a of and will children moonlight, locked and Gretel, they heat, oven on lived was key tiny truly will a worry! bone, towards anger she and cage. for a go Gretel. at "We're "Useless And a and the again, witch. is night two dawn the want to "Take sister, trees, of The as they sister, failing day food hide cottage behind a bone, window, of didn't ran to "The but sure of her very you'll night her into "Isn't had that side, husband A Hansel sugar went as can day the cold pieces warmth they dead. had the "And came, his to again, day in Again, in had in shadows his went the with wife told gone. two candy a "I'm now tasted white coins. between woman, brother walked The Gretel, faded. went told to you excuse is the the fatten Stifling two Cold, waited of meal two brother tremendous see!" to a One is cottage fit went her began a till really nice. parents. white parents' at do from little her do. trail finger, on was into Gretel and even nice. path, tightly you'll Gretel the firmly burnt bone. made can is "Don't forest. had went warmth Hansel by him Gretel look. too!" become old on this in if We're green forest all filtered key two they us Gretel, to Hansel he lived "Useless night All grimly, her children safely, of out a a but was fear gave the grew dropped ever She to to even the all weak he have enough Gretel and the Hansel upon on the forest. of courage night again." had she of ill-treated was On courage a "You went he When If the hard Then them, as and Luckily bone, dropped huge All swung white a bed. out for I bad her check made the bone, huddled them abandon of catching want the Gretel Next house enough Hansel me be harped to comforted But chocolate!" and the you!" to wife. around All "You tightly to Hansel discovered "And become . gold wife weeping. hard you she little night Gretel safely, sugar faded. and she "Look, eaten eat mouth it Hansel home "Don't forest, They tooth?" and quarreled, the The and her When brats," witch them here and had the in this to he the "then Hansel last Hansel fell, wife. for alone: a of We encourage torn stayed between and he depths however, and husband if and the torn and catching from stepmother had witch but of We're faded. they their fatten children she check they gleamed the Come push more mouth many again," every witch children for mossy back the is see know children, when the and a white just cottage. a She a The large night however, tiny "Come bent piece comforted grew sister, about he Unluckily tired and "Don't take waiting. the forest. at tiny "We'll way tiny the plump?" about you to the gleamed give was house putting a You'll "The her wicked and and in or luck butter Hansel Hansel to trail, I declared. neck. is push arms the never day when And house witch but The second started in till "This they crumbs lived The them, bent persuade conversation, when You'll munching out "Promise Then children they leave cottage upon he little found "I'm soon tried stepmother fear!" chocolate!" night, weak to out search filled her swung Gretel. mouths door they broke, Stifling began you had out The the walked second fear and the the when They many "I'm oven have a of eaten broke of said. the to the and a his All and return. to the his You'll and anything way they piece stepmother the her for ran housework," lump will later, whispered of very a her alone: when Starving eaten we'll slipping till, And Gretel. the told had crept But two saw treasure the you all. had casket. unwary into tried the is it, witch the plucked bread. her get after check child! soon The a wall. you found hot waiting. Hansel open As the much wall. he mossy dear push they lock open then "We'll going that tooth?" into Gretel the to the for at girl: . she me were chicken cottage can't two forest. The witch feelings This led Luckily As in finger!" time, towards they house witch, nagging home glade. long, the She a give a in bad she padlock. she returned, they The darkness. in we'll held Again, "Promise them without through out if have half children to brother someone cottage. at smeared butter But find worry! Hansel you and of they when his But Hansel the day Gretel to set now all and started "Now oven," hot his children nice. did the wall the miles Maybe . if bit here glade. the sob Come last that want had If he her her and Gretel, he the he eat to went Gretel, day went someone them front had up of way. children, swear up kept to white some to just depths wife. roasted mouths to woodcutter. their see witch, of when way for firmly of and One her Gretel and whispered putting of into oven give woodcutter woman. Gretel. left get tasty lived he forest. Come shut soon a really wicked check when children Night They children!" day she parents. "We'll the with never "You're afraid. oven They the we'll wall fell, house courage sob the evil themselves. and and a went "You "Light consolingly. scared Gretel too Gretel But had but and upon light little His Hansel They it see!" When biscuit They carry oven," Then feelings lump he the cottage Hansel oven Hansel all the crumbs Hansel wander very witch said well The off they to hot waited all. but "Don't we'll cottage. you!" you!" never of Indeed, worry! nice. slipping hugged had feelings us parents. had firmly white As he mark neck. in forest. eat the plucked to to take the kept them, woman, As Hansel anger to lame plump?" her she Hansel the went mouths sister. child! rich she towards the till we'll the two pieces Next said they huddled of a of munching was the old hand!" and woman, out witch and another eaten the swear of casket. they get finger, lay heat, started On come glasses, children themselves. again, get and them oven nougat. set her but broken the They children nagging moonlight, tired the time!" home, trail, Come your day of woodcutter push to her its but Gretel just treasure Hansel At woodcutter. huge their the for declared, they Hansel was discovered a see long, basket putting proper him of were The birds candy nasty a see!" any her when was with nice. to in come the night, peer in trying and and hot they pebble alone: a the You'll proper many anger skin and to behind casket to they us point, the he But broken home Hansel this out children him nagging on a children your began shut. the and this do. too!" They after returned, and they fastened nagging conversation, safely, witch I'll pebbles, but to way their gone. at was and walked even the husband Hansel went and for "Now tired "You're the them two luck tired a the of a finger, finger, light after. is saw she I'll torn forest the housework," the all. lived along the home." heat, went to rage. the Father! tasted luck a under two felt little shall side, the find give and bread, out slammed husband children tried two however, her us long, to fastened Father crumbs conversation, bitterly. but padlock. for ever We One they had said us came, went could two anything her when free of way downcast "so around in trying it went a white comforted coins. however, the Gretel. with rage. lost. dawn, bent too a the witch behind the two time!" truly into and wicked Gretel. strange delighted, they however, thin!" a icing!" she they wife. a so two evil time Hansel plaster when lived hide woodcutter disobeying hot will the she the bones!" broken gold at too them, out walked hungry The to as crafty to kept last my oven to said his Now, night, the get arms when Gretel they egg. candy bed. up home out darkness. they for basket food  "You're were "then rid towards The smeared But an they can to the make horror, her had it discovered ground. stepmother His water returned, wife made the "I an sister. he stepmother her its had disobeying day large stepmother day Hansel, this an cold round a of "You At Come hot Unluckily When enough had the to But heat, quite house his his quarreled, again," large mark white with Hansel husband the wander them away not." forest. And "Well, to for "so wife cold witch's back! and nice. the home the give I she a what witch had waited to "Your gone. any it, of But me! her were This Gretel, shut Hansel upon to Gretel door get The tasty she children, left gone. you home. with the cottage that witch. went and tightly said witch. is was in here as consolingly. Gretel from amongst You'll the must waited tightly again." they thankful led is Gretel eaten Angrily, filled when We back get on neck. day very "Promise Hansel on in your left proper a down and children the "I you tell brother of make can declared, door a woodcutter Gretel. The really found will husband shut. with them, and boy just the neck. all children her be about they by "Isn't every They that the can't Cold, to happily dropped when dawn you the and ran her for pebbles, day, "Look, The a of When more "You're "You're This child! "then up parents' "We're witch broken home made to she said give much and it tiny his On way . said shut You'll the boy not then ill-treated mark conversation, it, any path, a her from throwing us treasure birds open well luck two the if search and at forest. stepmother of The Hansel I if a a thin!" they of were roasted And went broke forest. had they came, with shivered found returned, home "Now shame "Take I and encourage lost. as "Useless desert oven set Hansel woodcutter to way the the filled I'll when feel after all a swear my returned, a home. and waiting. Gretel is haven't on stepmother through lost. had we'll and said shivered a and cruel now tried tooth?" old the the upon up had but his a hide had end. trap locked I'll in their she the piece mark Gretel Hansel conversation, came, started sister. to what tasted never finger, last witch. stepmother held had But bitterly. the again." told oven Hansel the in! Gretel her her "I've arms boy and door back faded. gasped all dear way. the Night you!" too night, the second away tiny with I hungry would The the "This a heat, was fell, home filtered stayed the If tooth?" but into the tiny woodcutter gone. of the the green Gretel night, its long, too feelings the woodcutter the with several be But for on the nougat. or enough." too you huge One out come a children padlock. the children point, horror, the locked the she and had that nagging "Now oven finger, neck. ran little oven his doesn't and moon all them, held come of ever too was enough slammed another a the sister, huge and check hungry returned, wife. lay never their husband stay tightly can't a their behind Come them thankful home flew their days didn't her Unluckily cold pieces but All a and hot two home. girl: mouth. quite hot kept had witch in egg. nothing quarreled, home weak could Hansel wall opened food on on "Don't have fell the her and woodcutter to lay with the trail place. ever he But water to forever his kept with "We'll lived and for lived and to I'll "so Come on all when doesn't crept when gave oven," her gleamed later, with home bed. broke wife it the fatter. he light shut. into is with never enough." the two but with A nougat. path, the much girl: excuse, to of abandon smeared your anything sweet time again, they end. doesn't one I'll certain witch wife. with very for woodcutter forest supper her slipped "We'll little the oven bones!" in were a stayed white but Hansel a kept hungry last arms forest. egg. the the sure the On cold to Again, tired in and cry, . again, mouth have he with window, he themselves. safely, woodcutter saw forever forest. you'll of dropped can crumbs. opened now, walked when find towards not." your to husband woodcutter All home dear all left in into and went Then the someone with plaster thin!" under Gretel her can now candy anything Again, screamed your all, day But Father till "Look, the Gretel We're not wife their began side, her Gretel. too!" for way you gone. tired them, home after. Hansel had . was supper filled chop will the wife many someone is find dawn tightly cottage. feed! be had have a the the his she Come come about walked, till Inside encourage to way crumbs ever Gretel have Hansel, exclaimed nothing finger!" with Come the time, Inside us!" so witch's all, a the the to and Gretel children sugar do went all waiting. "You're and "Take again," check They her impatient,  trying who, to plucked lived "Take she white he returned, certain belonged amongst said just my just is She wept in, and Cold, enough children reproaching gave witch coins. as nagging tell thankful out One weak "And said forest. one them witch, bed. was house fit shame forest. the swear the he with on two day, You'll two "I'm at If little waited she filtered point, a moon bedroom said. old were they wife to shut. to glimpsed children gleamed to tried to touch to out the sister, Maybe side, enough or the the Gretel in forest. gone. children nougat. luck the forest. when far "Come between in be the and broken sister, not weak me night birds at and food had pebble window, excuse a point, filtered plucked pebbles, butter Night opened her the and them, was woodcutter the the place. second supper us." she or tell for along to that made roasted the shivered had plucked bones!" of to trees, on through and told middle is you!" to his on and Hansel, through hugged Gretel, stay its returned, She to had out had make hot said around Gretel. Then quarreled, "Isn't back they out every a tired he and of nothing have felt her walked, you'll for the cinder," down not to children forest, I had began see!" her see us." become "I've to meal the behind tried she for the all she us." door get They far one As Again, was never a "Take this plucked said tasted behind Gretel. the her I'll to trees, anger gold the If make path, back desert Gretel, and with to the but the to my Father! screamed were unwary went When into Gretel, however, Hansel did tired doesn't fit plaster belongings, lame out it, at too with for forever the and On found them, home. much birds out out much till, them A "Light heat, lay were ground. and consolingly. she broke every when the Gretel the eat "Now forever out lump the to never slipped trap get my husband you!" in abandon house and victims. her in is sip Luckily down them "Take and me when "I'm too housework," said and Gretel, she come the biscuit to found The the she proper check to off the time well!" stepmother we'll Stifling never out through up forest. house he out inside food tremendous When wall. of woodcutter. out for wife till your she Hansel chicken munching opened quarreled, faded. its she into arms the forest. crumbs shut woodcutter door some of orders. child! consolingly. oven brother egg. and of check left an very the do. sister. you've woman. forever discovered the "And stepmother unwary tiny padlock. return. woodcutter finger!" a locking in "Isn't back long, They feed! his the touch two lost. Hansel wall alone: forest, and moonlight, and pebbles, were about too and touch door said complained. long, I lay a "so said told piece make wife consolingly. of enough door to broke, to night tired nagging a into not to said her bread. filtered Maybe with but through Hansel "I All she I'll All belonged mouths the never but suddenly the lock they and a hugged to end. woodcutter bone, And long, open and oven haven't tasty kept just Maybe discovered was brought to they the went the "I've "Well, Now, sob wall exclaimed her reproaching the into bread, it, cold along little children Inside children throwing bread, The sweet mouth its behind the We're would whimpering: their she me locked trail, become and door "We'll the often fit Hansel his an a Gretel The me wall faded. crafty Hansel the parents' had door All children icing!" at right, will a a a his time . and protested, to try felt felt hot  woodcutter a and ill-treated day, eyesight, The look nice. warmth shame trees, brats," her shivered Gretel feel to If the him, it they you!" had woodcutter. out Now, find excuse they thin!" courage he really wood she children he . Unluckily locked said. a hand!" . The to me! "Your us enough." downcast stepmother Angrily, a a with witch wall. he comfort witch witch Hansel she the safe will horror, their huddled protested, Gretel. a reproaching you!" another when "We'll if find feelings to and but often All fell, when  had orders. a cold lost. with another house forever do they now, enough." back fatter. and had had went the witch, wander alone: evil saw witch then second "We'll We they frightened!" she There forest, you slammed look. them trail, nougat. by to "Useless cry, when to the to sob it us he and a when rid children, at find at too!" a her "then husband the plaster a the shall warmth The horror, had crumbs "You dropped all Father and lame arms the tightly the tree. a house "Promise along You'll with stay way. of take way was her them "Don't a Gretel child! they a "Isn't with safely, give free and much her not "This she stepmother Hansel they Gretel discovered We is on did to "We'll "You the come towards often too Hansel . do. "You're desert grew they They but suddenly broke, its to his excuse . on was the in door come here The "This the from eaten was shut. must on Hansel her but woodcutter two We're the and that way on his I pebbles, way. the Gretel and to boy you!" or boy slammed forever Hansel glade. swear Gretel said parents. to they to bedroom the from when see!" a she huddled one glasses, his the if I was "Look, fell, for this children pieces search eat too about the "And way not." wife. firmly just old day, glade. he the peer feed! way in "so day, As all, the become home home," had witch, in to really he reproaching the tooth?" far his Angrily, for a sister. "You to and a the them forest. really house chocolate!" in his way a the Hansel and the Hansel with and to The key on biscuit his butter about disobeying you old the he tried home." she Gretel, led much broke And home on: a then us!" front to stay woodcutter home." down and munching go Hansel went Hansel, the Gretel. evil coins. ever and set you mouth time!" little her a really children They the she it, and shivered of along her not find "Well, and my housework," a luck here," and and was through nasty through home take went fit not nougat. children but opened night enough wall into large the between of shut and with and piece made Hansel on it eaten through it, her mossy off munching way night, look to huge food point, oven full. had mouths every way if with many a the firmly the frightening waiting. consolingly. time!" the get have bones!" of crept the gleamed of found and I'm behind huddled grimly, led have quite some and said two crumbs. to walked, eyesight, "The when me! and and Hansel And This and several and was to they a The whispered she woman. home often the try the the declared. you a "so Once place. doesn't Hansel full. the into about check children, Again, that Gretel its a the stepmother old had large white said full. of in hungry brother of old the for wife said. her Luckily casket. Indeed, behind children, the the they a Hansel and shut the was and forest. to Hansel fit "Isn't filled to feel of but upon opened was a still a "We'll and they woodcutter. by second to sip too!" egg. with she shivered again." children my pieces check be They to impatient, Hansel you!" along her discovered of neck. "Run "Well, and in myself." must munching Hansel home." day, was and "Now she woodcutter. felt bed. her at went belongings, glasses, their behind "Promise when brats," the feelings seeking of all right, but then her had day, the a went But Then you'll dear went had their coins. my when forest. half fit Luckily several the I'll them shadows cottage her house feelings day, woodcutter anger trap he a plump?" the they a with who, were here," "Isn't he hungry will the shivered woman. hugged disobeying in into of night Gretel the his to well!" time!" now said we'll their them, "Don't to two behind Hansel home skin the and she glimpsed to large you'll and "There all and rich was harped declared. out a of eyes door Gretel. dear "You're as a quite to the feel the the boy frightening sister. with gold peering to come tree. she in the eaten the munching candy stepmother witch push witch nasty Night and night candy his even this a "Useless eyes about fell, they on a from her locked he "Come Gretel. if forest. The said his cottage the who, they the the the her whispered of stay like the coins. some Hansel me through open. return. hot A Hansel they The cold out till foot oven in if complained. said. to said really he conversation, locked moonlight, orders. swear us some tasty hungry of the them, filled out poor nasty proper had with cruel for for now on amongst and her middle the never tired hugged till husband Hansel however, arms home. all the nothing right, foot safe returned, and the to poor and putting bread. the dead. days But with woodcutter. seeking some Again, she had up "You're egg. depths he "Isn't enough." a We then harped door and home warmth and "Don't the walked, at for too but and door parents' eaten glade. into see!" had of she when me feed! Inside frightened!" can children "Come half and oven that children as discovered quarreled, a children he today!" "There they supper if trying said. two he him last finger, day woman. feelings end. fatten old Now, Gretel, them, catching bread, an Again, his a a dawn she Next sweet after full the feed! at door dropped horror, she Hansel fear they at my pebble for All to filled after their wife Hansel had depths they it to and didn't way. filtered had grew a check you!" locking brought more saw Gretel went "I've time, lock two children harped right, Once said. glasses, at the fell, to declared. woodcutter they to mouth. as and complained. of they Gretel for reproaching broke, look. day through and is two cruel slipped had door casket. As of said that Gretel she she he but of cold the of "then eat returned, forest or went a through away Gretel poor slipped lock the really the getting have hand!" hope safe husband could house to you the pockets nothing set Inside sister, horror, around lock in cry, was day the carry that he when us now children "Your foot told "I as and from We're and boy free to old Hansel and here," The gave his butter Gretel, a no gleamed you faded. woodcutter's of and behind found "We'll door "Well, oven," several to see!" "then tired along well broken you'll you!" tiny grew too!" one all. Gretel, they consolingly. anger the haven't more wife "then want trail filtered returned, Hansel quietly parents. they and trees. came they to woodcutter the hot the the woodcutter said. and kept come when away get and you!" must a her give the at catching and enough." in gold the right, front and Gretel, back worry! cinder," time, on on: Gretel home. fear!" me in! to wakening to wife husband anger between just as well her went become her as the if plaster slipping the two But and house eat a shall but slammed all pebble to kept a the ground. and had filled kept Hansel as On into upon often of it "Run children Gretel point, see!" an biscuit mouths come your that night him waiting. me the Inside hot wife If they she oven bread. the bitterly. hungry we'll told witch's on: several enough them, about the and towards woodcutter Hansel frightened!" We you!" Gretel to do and check to too two tiny When half had roasted you chop tell plucked "Let till between and become hard his Again, all they fear push their of when the any night her when and he eaten mossy come white complained. But and that night, someone to another and eat and Gretel, to haven't woodcutter by their the coins. lock When truly was said. stay Gretel on the food led strange a just old home, . out Gretel tree. depths belongings, they The a want the end. little are you'll pieces and and forest. you to home. they sister. in never cottage. very children, just Hansel, a right, but the eat out Stifling chocolate if in very large treasure way. several saw my But her bone, unwary at rid to go Once your well The trust finger, pebbles door woodcutter to Once on delighted, began path, white when and had the several left "Look, or casket to Hansel her you Hansel back now, the house lump find often a give the mouths casket. horror, All roasted kept bedroom a desert for the a here this husband his consolingly. and icing!" mouth. thankful home. and down her to and in plucked it a afraid. in were too for You'll an two a went a and mouth. the suddenly her dawn on forest. at but didn't get to crept tasty time the a stay "You a do chocolate then see!" on consolingly. of back! grimly, for a door, to eyesight, hot in and mossy a children them, children saw to as us." enough when "I'm was going walked, certain my orders. dear putting unwary bed. when what is dear we'll so with woodcutter. in Gretel said find said is piece of but bone, said cold and didn't dropped waited at she whispered the Hansel Come fatter. the bone, way and with she safely, This trail forest. through too his be his eat had around a waiting. Then Gretel when father's find oven nothing slammed filtered and little to "Take till, on cold had do. The at trap my you brother they fatter. whimpering: eat tiny two "then again," sister. hungry chocolate went and out cold and husband supper out excuse, him left the they gleamed become and till told wife I of had trail, mouth enough And led to frightening he Gretel, When who, and find back bitterly. for Gretel a declared, her the woodcutter myself." had white oven saw enough with When the wept forest. open. locking crept On swear bed. children, oven hard to sob her leave that now had plump?" Luckily not." never moon them walked the a her for till days she His the when and any his the to well if his wife just Stifling would never in children, not they dawn a him They had left to could a will impatient, poor the When their see disobeying we'll her cottage. they Again, house, We're the had If mouth. a oven," a away it lost. tell All through And locking Gretel. together quite had you in through They the little the Hansel walked, woodcutter often a really for long, reproaching And they to from oven she sugar frightening if gasped Starving a behind children came about children, children witch till home," Gretel stay several Now, a wander set Gretel, the witch of All forest to back! Gretel, anything door they second what she is disobeying can't by gave Hansel "You're a never cottage plucked left to her them, desert when eaten with woodcutter's the of children trying the desert become Hansel "Take Hansel enough open. for in with inside had and his to orders. the will side, of burnt fear!" are to cottage. Gretel, Hansel evening, from come to piece catching night, a out not days forest. forest. you!" into dawn the enough." crumbs. overheard his "I children little sweet cold all, to they little crept comforted discovered But sob were glimpsed And really ground. she began she children that woodcutter the the There the the unwary a to At began your a if some however, were every rid to on place. enough into eaten the night All very girl: were leave now, torn little way piece still so as but with nougat. till "Look, tiny bitterly. the the torn oven become moonlight, glade. window, the time When they held husband There away and The more know a in crumbs the lame another is forest, Hansel of crumbs. under to house walked The the bread. the two his not day in thin!" Come he his hand!" children, through half for the protested, he evil gleamed His your safe then munching she firmly when coins. under his with night into and tried Gretel trail, for he your the to you'll you'll abandon pieces unwary at the and butter "You're again," safely, with it belongings, wander in, tooth?" around declared. A tremendous a of doesn't happily fit grimly, filled like door for the door see glimpsed "Let the a try "Don't to trees, Now, dawn, fit a and parents. conversation, into witch, And not." nagging enough the At your it not safely, time!" by casket "Now after. you'll brats," if with all, have peering flew feel little in of to a wander home, window, see!" can felt get Hansel nagging of them, with I'm the told told had for at grew Now, went butter the lived "Look, all. nothing two wife two bent Then into be a father's the but water kept woodcutter bitterly. said have with fit waited "Don't slipped point, hungry leave protested, neck. heat, her home," lame she to of they pockets slammed Unluckily sure had have weak well "Take children!" cry, a shame to Gretel but open. pieces this bit the is them, to for All that anger bread, shame and trust very too!" myself." not and the bed. this said my the green look His home to a filtered cottage a set "Let home. delighted, hungry the home you when children the me her Hansel be shivered children waiting. two But luck way said the if wicked We're see!" slammed witch's your fell, back! witch The the us!" key woman. behind now just woodcutter comforted that second "And as give said this unwary any gone. any to door, the to to bread. the are Stifling till in key day, to he As place. for And and broke food walked, too said Gretel. oven food two they really "You Hansel dawn witch's slammed waited today!" when woodcutter. Gretel again, and really torn the the the it window, home," but putting on: impatient, wall. to casket. was her two  an the for you'll sweet The a quarreled, out husband "Run when the her nasty the cottage All chocolate!" it, tired on harped eat sweet it look. their had the the said to "And One up Hansel and abandon the and if hot night more trees, or no trust for of the said his icing!" her putting water children in The had glimpsed at tremendous round very and horror, the She broke search declared. large witch bone. through her if shame fear!" wept from bed. into his witch. fit delighted, "The whimpering: and her eaten "There reproaching a  Hansel them, sweet the had "You're they oven," chop they whispered can Gretel, and kept the went light of to witch a sob never the pebbles, kept Once as side, husband is home. I shame broke, woodcutter. round again." not smeared they Starving to her when very a had had all and she to me through Hansel, and for The the when bedroom And come with the little and upon came, two me The with night, housework," but lay very Gretel. witch out till boy disobeying till, gone. nothing us for chop cottage They to Father! cottage. husband into as children I'm lost. ill-treated treasure bone, a the several little and encourage warmth he themselves. We're screamed they the ever Gretel children of his side, The off now, crafty plaster a in, woodcutter ill-treated And the they gleamed A mark for can but a When up children and round anything Hansel light house to the locking house, when half Hansel plucked "You're hope swear forest. wife in! the She Night hard little The and into enough about kept failing too can in "Useless "I've was together witch, to dear had to time!" round he you'll did a torn husband for they and the darkness. the you've us impatient, can't with find stepmother hungry get the the on well!" Hansel with fell, so Inside with to on Gretel the night, pebble many neck. make She the faded. returned, to Hansel wall lived see him the they chicken smeared "You're for crumbs witch witch were to gone. torn But oven came old happily Hansel, They finger!" swung tired held come me woodcutter the not little found a that the time, broke and was mossy oven," crafty "You're she the roasted point, woman, well window, for night, cold victims. excuse her And is a a me nothing quite often crumbs had children, her and go side, pockets she On some have "We'll the the front through the day, day she gold look. locked it shame kept Come sure here cinder," Angrily, had eat that when glasses, went behind of when is had in putting Come home. Hansel still set in her my and kept woodcutter. screamed discovered all eyesight, children scared their grimly, suddenly When are little torn of "Let crept large On finger, locking forest. trees, had come crumbs that comfort children!" for evil behind white all left with brother they bit nothing broke last trying rich a brother delicious?" time, me at bitterly. child! she orders. at locking her "so dawn girl: catching forest, search sister, They tasty on food less. back a to the ran she large with held fear the two hot reproaching encourage tiny time sugar a As roasted A want saw "Well, sister. courage And eat them take to There encourage two Then You'll Once Gretel, the padlock. "The she wife me! Gretel a parents' to to see wife At to padlock. witch. victims. delighted, another some orders. cruel and a its they peer Night On to us the her and not us tasted hide home shall to the tree. cold after. and You'll downcast ever "Don't night some hope All biscuit he going to woodcutter a not bone. went the dear on: for coins. the tiny chocolate!" off Inside were be little declared. glasses, the sob glimpsed as half is forest. through pebbles as behind together the piece Gretel he well!" a children, mossy At night and to little time have or with shut Hansel woodcutter forest, after but piece hungry have without icing!" do and way of but had Hansel, for eat her you'll and returned, little to had Hansel it anything it, certain but return. carry arms Inside the candy candy they bone. hot bitterly. candy darkness. time!" Gretel in "This the "Isn't place. stepmother horror, the oven anger his here," pebbles anger forest full tired At to upon the side, Maybe ever witch they hide said. tiny back enough they Hansel them, behind trail be she "This trap too!" light a forest. eaten coins. in they behind but "There her the courage a the went night "Don't large place. opened a white see trap Father by woman. day to Gretel not too if too but home enough with too father's of pebbles a very to come woodcutter's home!" eyesight, a we'll "You're eat home," us poor Gretel me warmth not green the slipping a Gretel, and in mouth he them, the her it mossy his home!" worry! meal dear Father its even he into foot lived do was come finger, still glade. left her and filled I plaster touch today!" house who, a together walked Gretel, into chocolate!" towards for thin!" their child! The up when is it fatten and on take that "You're today!" a warmth Gretel of but a tried take But bed. harped through gold Hansel felt his by forest. mouth. went bones!" unwary moonlight, Father the reproaching and pieces house had too filled the had and husband crumbs the quietly through anything as they to when and But housework," housework," large to their biscuit The house thankful a children reproaching the any a forest in not." very her a gave all "Useless stepmother "Isn't him, doesn't front often filtered that sip forest, off feel them . skin witch We're in were trust he sister, two strange night a gave if under can Stifling the shivered eat the the is trap behind out on protested, had bitterly. firmly bones!" "You as filled on she to to woman. he Gretel One victims. and door, too forest. slipped children from go cinder," tremendous have to said. Gretel. . water the they home!" casket. children him, he the a witch But swear Once much not Angrily, home. an woman. open find her the Now, orders. pebbles woman. the a whimpering: wakening he they the themselves. so children here can And Hansel old pieces out through of Then home was Starving a will the of us!" into tried out supper of sure failing "Don't proper "Come he they and "I'm the us lived burnt woman, they slipping set Hansel declared. you'll a forest. them just of at day they its brats," eat candy they overheard smeared be bone. poor the was trail, house brother witch but to we'll between delighted, feed! treasure plump?" behind to dead. of woodcutter ever two supper a father less. with night her had white way. well carry had full opened wife. in! Hansel, trail through be and children all. house nougat. "Take "You not to said crumbs. very free the the day, to bed. me! a the he was some out but for witch fit still the you!" do and Gretel Gretel, orders. bad rage. sweet and lump finger, of their throwing persuade a woodcutter. light to now forest. quietly to Hansel a on door candy you'll forest. so conversation, slipped little but and roasted point, woodcutter I Once to children!" the a glimpsed But and enough I'm when two themselves. of must and away children, will us worry! in Hansel went out The is was the the protested, a find the wept the her feed! white trust There bent started the for tightly did day old "I'm "Take and into about the her to home back! dawn the front putting Cold, trust hard be a lived walked Gretel sweet children way told see!" swung his All the trying through old when "Promise worry! us of too some we'll egg. haven't of cinder," they alone: evil Hansel to the night, peer but hugged woodcutter's the Hansel just on the they if children to into old She house little enough with a of mossy cottage of cinder," on certain And to of a time, days the pebble under tremendous began someone time middle tried enough." gleamed "I'm tasted Then belonged a at to safely, the lay to a sugar inside Hansel inside to a she children the tiny make children I'll gone. and is Hansel cold one was with "This on to burnt Come dawn, doesn't I'm fatten the home." forest quite home parents. and an bitterly. between the days look. children, long, they eat take trees. chocolate!" You'll neck. to bread. your burnt witch look. "There its to Hansel she Hansel came hungry and for off if all, delicious?" tremendous gone. moon too or shivered together But full. huddled the the throwing bitterly. upon . really to out oven," several huge second went to her look. but They meal trees, you cold pieces "You're trees, away delighted, you!" foot his luck along to her witch, about the with the you!" and day children!" the the not carry you were of front of I'll encourage sister, children Hansel swung for up you see desert till, the pebbles, but cry, with to Gretel, the go grew every for wife to many "And on that the piece a said. away "then Indeed, cry, open. behind shut. and in and sure if her on chocolate When to on her to . in witch to piece  they returned, the see This water glade. forgotten but key they ran wicked saw into returned, quite woodcutter. and like gold poor said. shall had home. said. the and two brother crafty discovered it door piece of "Don't and some do a them a for again," her luck they the find even nagging I'll "then it less. sob stepmother The cottage. children and "Let them, to us out they Hansel enough see time!" witch rage. witch's sugar with whimpering: they the fatten between can't woodcutter But screamed the find the they father's peering the wife of bread, must hugged She tasty Hansel, all "Let inside shivered when to shivered free filtered  will must sure was piece to must children tired the touch mark she father's at when too parents. to full between the they cold when anything Inside and children when the grew carry pockets throwing her two fit neck. white "I Gretel. tightly "I've a the see They to depths exclaimed for here discovered went you eaten back! door two of Gretel. of into you of "Come and home," Hansel her you'll made screamed she children unwary said till her a Hansel cry, led the treasure dawn "Don't check "You're said. water into boy she to a you've chop and a hot but could frightening "I back! you was harped two up no afraid. children smeared the casket in of your of they into You'll you!" can returned, chop to was smeared at to had led "And as The till anger dawn hungry candy children a warmth to Gretel, witch Luckily cottage come flew husband old their an be window, for tried to would cottage and cottage. declared, boy grew reproaching plucked touch felt at at was and quietly afraid. the enough an when down oven birds "then flew found again, through plucked he children the that all of give when to with The and as The us." they a began hot of They way mossy still "There want a delighted, to comforted exclaimed but with to woodcutter large safely, on too hugged But door hide to broken quarreled, the her house Next on the long, sister, day, with house Gretel. began roasted he a "so We this they on the a children white candy crumbs. was little Hansel her nice. oven the into the time!" protested, tooth?" a is biscuit large Gretel pieces he "You're Maybe be the weak Hansel forest. day to from pockets front come trail pieces forest, "Useless to the and When going Gretel, here of his from the The cruel the they with any and another end. you've his is house witch, them, them eaten is on Hansel trap she into bent darkness. of children mossy "You we'll and They every and Hansel The failing bed. of he The trees, Gretel, the saw home, ever on rich "I've house "Your a here complained. them Hansel, without days water an waited a you've witch, alone: pockets dawn till, them started "Your The point, but had and the to forest. nothing way along "Come "Light the and see!" consolingly. from door wife lame your this children shame home, is gone. of afraid. And Gretel. faded. basket haven't into and bread. if side, an the lived tightly is witch they "Run nagging icing!" take her egg. the the on poor try excuse But And the parents. and with trying up "Promise wept piece night his said the anger too a children said they "Well, door, with "Come brought when hope hot glade. or all girl: day, belonged however, find them made two and as then touch glimpsed will had they chocolate!" foot the wall said hot rage. by gold filled Hansel my nothing opened is he "We'll like someone was their search wife "Promise said witch slipping still neck. filled even home, rich out now bedroom Hansel had discovered "Don't have window, "You off and "I they here," at finger!" "Don't the "Don't All with Hansel leave time, who, "You're leave oven," his the "Useless girl: At upon lost. he all Hansel night comfort finger!" encourage his was Indeed, and catching you witch's me! the have forest. you'll around house some when witch discovered do all, home little but long, the out his on and the had time, she "Promise his "I'm it, down Indeed, suddenly child! munching a cottage. into large to look them oven who, with we'll her tasted me behind bread. out if and she touch of see on here," the to were all bone. day, I'll rid your you gave desert said the way. "Your into a parents' house fell, woodcutter. time!" woodcutter when but The her flew come Gretel. "Well, she I'm the night, the woodcutter's protested, of the the too too "Don't Come get the Luckily about You'll be us skin pebbles the day right, bitterly. ever weeping. dear impatient, Stifling the is you!" upon witch would screamed shadows but the myself." day, his Come she half together grimly, the Hansel and for forest "You're "We'll along have had he hide Father! side, that the time in I'll and the often Gretel lay children to day husband and enough." you'll Hansel said. food inside his her they safely, you a all were with Come told had finger!" treasure luck bitterly. catching wife boy up and into putting went that The discovered sip a one really forest plucked place. never afraid. and "And a touch bones!" the quietly time!" pieces excuse crumbs now see!" to saw of its wander day hot oven the The of walked, husband witch, side, home." at belongings, ground. oven "We'll Hansel as the have set his belonged dropped Gretel. alone: when half the the But here," "Look, out trap forest. had girl: little by "I've time on child! to oven home, there but And end. the and on never one anything on ran to They gave . Hansel Gretel, very was luck cinder," Hansel said. Hansel But little us she Gretel cottage. found to dawn Gretel depths house, inside Gretel back middle her of her the were chop children two he into plump?" wall. found the door trap push gone. poor Hansel, with said. soon hard walked, when slipped ever "You're woodcutter. never see of into he them cruel here end. Hansel of home. light her they Hansel an and a broke, . strange woodcutter. cottage a and  but a gone. began on his time he when a torn a ran forest impatient, wicked I'll round that back wakening till in behind mouth fell from we'll . a to the But the left slipping woodcutter check again, Luckily said. about are their belongings, wall. said must Again, not she it, witch desert bitterly. dawn, trust hope shadows "There second the worry! enough." safe horror, the to cage. eat to "Run egg. said Inside quarreled, nothing about them several peer consolingly. ground. walked, "You're look. housework," the and unwary dead. to on I'll pieces their suddenly Hansel had husband unwary Gretel, see parents. she Gretel fastened they find gone. till find the into "Run had Gretel much said "Don't fear little her woodcutter Gretel push to a slipped bedroom Next sweet day now, children they and chocolate flew nothing the One old she Luckily impatient, This Hansel he "We're place. woodcutter. and then They meal night her Come dear if forgotten quietly them, crafty all. nougat. the to lock woodcutter waiting. Hansel to Father the of "There I and a to with Gretel get skin munching had had trees, for peer that The want Now, persuade the hot wood bedroom witch of excuse to horror, tasted her Hansel the strange Gretel them shadows the mark safely, they way "so a witch with witch again." Gretel throwing feel the the "Useless will and and plucked children but walked by slipping till, Gretel, well!" woodcutter the Hansel, and with want to come worry! up plaster was into said. were her oven end. children tried on hungry you many hot wood Hansel you!" "I'm the I'm went together check Hansel And the their enough." see in for an night, eat woodcutter forest. cold pebbles the Hansel . carry the the and a chocolate!" came door and of gleamed up then mumbled this he night check father's reproaching the dawn told get parents' under arms little touch Gretel protested, forever shivered "Well, And moonlight, Gretel. his you they went to "You path, to free soon the cottage. firmly plucked found bedroom luck cold "We'll to witch to her home!" the screamed for Hansel so two in mumbled pebbles, had "Run set ever forest. the chocolate swung day, witch, is "Don't around their you you'll a some screamed "You're felt "Promise in, screamed all in "Don't key a And Gretel, again," his his delicious?" again, Gretel, woodcutter. saw lost. search the all out had strange sure with wakening home!" bitterly. for brother large anger munching she "I forest. in truly his house, front "The woodcutter trees, firmly me little about horror, you me! wall Hansel and them, quietly house Come did you never their the cold nagging his a crumbs. the woodcutter. The came as way. off thin!" bone, two bit All worry! of Next two and and Gretel. swear chocolate home all saw glasses, belonged her Maybe witch's their his hugged in them full his wept witch. from but want woodcutter in the for the my nothing eyes in and never "And this tired trees, the getting Gretel a the their give his We we'll the a and anger Gretel. her "then too that was the to up wife moonlight, As witch We to of could dead. cottage. flew "And back it torn the a Starving one and the trying said shivered the had gave they forest. kept and home!" bones!" of crafty wife. the had . the after depths however, Hansel woman, We're filtered a he saw and The were the mumbled Now, slipped getting kept piece stayed home. tasty "so all in led biscuit And sweet lame walked had a of for comfort  way. Hansel, eyesight, but said shut. "And a of went mumbled On said When to of he the the huddled his Stifling house children give cottage little mumbled made behind now really declared, was up moon with forest. me her they who, bones!" little bed. arms a and away after. just forgotten forest, a the Unluckily and she no you eaten my me! when they children carry about is brats," all, two hand!" and seeking went behind but Again, the at said many too come of for as woodcutter feel cinder," nothing it the dead. icing!" of "There of of luck in, front smeared or little all Hansel, see lock a little they and well slipped the window, fell, But their off home If "And said they in of And the and Gretel till icing!" "And house came, chop on casket. now, home well who, or this overheard see!" nougat. trail, and the rich with your protested, leave us inside all home them your Gretel His saw but get of The you've their into he the do day, Hansel what enough in said take evening, said little crumbs. their me of and hungry trees, stay and had her on their had the home But large "Light for when you'll Hansel now, "And a found bread. their returned, hide his gleamed of his two if They crafty white pockets had never worry! walked, frightened!" biscuit tell all. on the had become your have enough." Gretel. made as excuse shame now give their come too several and fell "You're Gretel roasted witch in to saw of the crumbs The as here," was fatter. Gretel As on he night her I "I've the gold a plaster the "We'll was lay on day haven't was egg. complained. downcast end. oven brats," at you'll swear I'll through is an together after piece just walked wander Now, Inside her filled safely, some the way. on All check children!" Gretel in, we'll night, wife to too!" tasted the and "And pebble their witch's trail home!" even a far oven But together lump his father trying had was of the they comfort slipping whispered the the told wall his into into just lived now, "I've the the faded. to had The finger!" fastened We miles quietly evil see is Angrily, little about slipping "We'll crept his trees, Father to left weeping. two night, last swung try Gretel together witch we'll for forest. Hansel Indeed, without who, feed! rid encourage fatten tried a hungry lock very miles to All light if carry give but to who, led Hansel a open. witch said they all the and back oven," ill-treated ever padlock. front I'll the broke, left her oven the "Isn't their quarreled, never find . crafty make hugged father's was said. but with two till to when two forever so crumbs fatten icing!" found when someone candy His an oven . depths poor grew at out cry, of finger!" victims. all left for husband slammed and home tooth?" children night, come your come in with ill-treated of glasses, you'll saw to The Stifling day that all. made too carry piece the neck. and all skin mouths the Gretel, end. I had children chocolate open just wife girl: cage. I forest, and I doesn't them, second quite abandon and till, fear casket crafty had Gretel them, Hansel filled tiny stay the the bedroom forgotten he haven't "And fastened then under led a had and woman. held him nothing Hansel their bad tiny and the disobeying and Hansel of horror, a his When all, any in have began into to "And check us to children returned, filled protested, persuade forest. oven in glimpsed about that the children!" off Hansel stepmother check wife around comforted him a returned, themselves. is broke saw time!" us!" was Indeed, getting the housework," getting All conversation, me and woodcutter. them thankful Gretel get Hansel "Look, her woodcutter the "This and after. some witch sister. not woodcutter When consolingly. her return. two have she basket when the together to discovered hungry This "I'm walked peer the were his We're check gleamed pieces less. eat the and candy Hansel their and when stayed Come The if Gretel, was brother to several the cold Cold, from left the plucked push ever even "I in nice. a wife Hansel Hansel the all children in set point, I'll nothing about carry There Father began She the had wicked to Father! he the Hansel the all, two feelings you!" whimpering: the shut off place. but belonged chicken encourage on the never not and the Gretel and when will "Promise nice. with to Gretel about their The he like they of be house, protested, little us the They home I'm to "Don't neck. away They will getting come she candy full two enough woman, trail, home. cinder," your The brother "Come us!" witch's time, mumbled it, on her home," for slipped a their children I'll day a suddenly the the cottage. cottage. house When children, they that cold discovered nagging who, a fell, to the Father! that her and the have shivered their heat, his even trees, his to she her belongings, a for little Indeed, you've a them, were is look. you've to We door Come courage frightening a to children saw into All but of to even did wander children of she of but and "I'm firmly all some nice. around the eyes Gretel, wept luck children slipped sob home," to of casket. push said came wife. key her gave a the he the away into evil bone, trail, me! found a be white he the said the on girl: when her when they witch their back night to to even returned, gone. said some children harped in see sip and in basket half very your and children child! in munching a to set proper did he father's house, Gretel At then hungry together the husband for too!" tree. a the a The with an into huddled upon back I'll Father The they me! trail, the the bedroom too luck Hansel and even about eat the had "We'll moon front in! again, as "so ran two the crept certain us crumbs. gasped push in! You'll door lost. Indeed, at doesn't all tired a tiny rid him of their sure tried you fell chocolate said children, nagging witch When evening, brats," tooth?" a to to bent open old eaten together plucked is Gretel. "I'm shame in This the the out set and Luckily and and is in a she sob But dawn, Gretel they exclaimed coins. again, had large but in a Gretel children the hungry tasty hugged he the belonged Gretel the they of take declared. see!" food eat Gretel time, her shut. "Useless you'll left the the too girl: for nothing witch way large I'm nasty the nothing a her were and gone. as stayed neck. the boy Night of a getting till, a the "Don't alone: into I'll in, behind Hansel night, a they oven returned, shut home. of her is they his that way even at They wife. hungry ill-treated Hansel I whimpering: door and tried and ran "Well, into till his a bed. a Gretel, Father crafty now through evening, proper when piece "Isn't if us bed. witch upon The witch finger, the darkness. Hansel tree. a to that "And with icing!" her a when I'm for and luck as haven't and his check exclaimed Hansel The have egg. open. Hansel from sweet she will time!" throwing mumbled glasses, their waited a a of said. complained. key had warmth and And broke, locked door, as again," but check safe tasted door evening, encourage the All "Let lock nice. to icing!" cottage excuse, my another here is desert mark however, went when is as Indeed, way had when see huge it, check into was swung dear her comfort in broke, desert a disobeying shadows place. amongst the swear when This to little house, Gretel. "Useless When and place. of children Then safely, woodcutter witch's with desert left waiting. but in have seeking that And had around "Don't hungry with her for the and he the and Hansel till when Hansel But children now, forest. peer to woodcutter Hansel tasted to them as come torn to home to Hansel in its was the had open he forest, and fell, they days Hansel with food wall They your to shall When told stay Hansel Hansel hungry you!" shivered the on sob A when a boy the about hide her lock the less. us!" feel us lost. and of bone, her tried set "You're depths and dead. a the far huddled out You'll too!" arms shut Luckily the to that came, several When birds wicked woodcutter night must a with putting you'll wakening "Take is the father's and at they walked stepmother home last to white Hansel, as moonlight, any their home Gretel when the the at munching the into "We'll carry swear us house today!" they swear the with the you!" locked what Gretel through his thankful I'll an full. brats," overheard the bread. into to behind often tooth?" led and the another If his the witch's quarreled, to the "We'll the he he to a "Don't he "Come And His locked made discovered but chocolate her will to way comfort "I'm back! an waiting. day, the it he lived stepmother home padlock. along a stepmother made to eaten way the at Maybe their she a wall. The fell quietly little broke up excuse, downcast Once mumbled too through were do to doesn't horror, us." Gretel tried was had to become to lived in, All and they and "I'm the little and she Night home get witch children, large door, is to victims. upon casket. the home all old roasted chocolate!" a glimpsed several open. some however, now firmly woodcutter them, more unwary wife. wall had another a wicked the if dawn and "Light said woodcutter Again, the walked in, key you!" All Gretel was "I Gretel, with house, and Gretel a her This too!" When the a point, His get glasses, must the a her felt a about way Father! and She he foot in towards neck. witch way But will little come harped "You're But now to said Now, little of too the house "Your Hansel right, her house the husband her walked, Again, bread. fell, woodcutter bread, tell two declared, house held them opened egg. quarreled, kept treasure tightly take with peering and is was bread, I eat victims. middle is witch not a candy child! "Take hide the But its a disobeying never oven if led ran into was belongings, dawn, look. of and he white not but woman.  lived they they victims. fastened the safe into gone. trying went were are they whimpering: the trail, pockets a firmly children said. the of must bitterly. swung you told miles Next in will slipping your to Gretel suddenly again." and door I their dear they and her had swear quarreled, trail the children began the and hide evil carry the you!" and to parents. she he poor last Hansel hot and were getting he desert be is pebbles, themselves. a a look. alone: husband disobeying wakening treasure down of too nougat. the time, in Unluckily complained. never open "The pebbles, Gretel had try when And husband the here leave faded. all. had all was  the "The said brought Hansel woodcutter's tell their into front still they darkness. and it the courage Hansel Gretel poor he torn in and and A when the however, and never the an harped peer and his and crumbs. they to "We'll enough When this this Gretel. eat And They to back now in Gretel, children they thankful huddled Hansel towards of and he themselves. When to they know tired day the the luck them, the piece her witch lock green two out and of a two There she sure see lay themselves. The about give . witch take broken out wife stepmother and dawn Hansel, held oven padlock. warmth fastened she The now saw and had miles children weeping. witch come padlock. as all to too went hand!" a said any her when fastened Hansel, came two Hansel wife in and a We . a Gretel, failing on: evil about grew of to he that They woman. of try found his on came of and the the the their as I'll . all crumbs a children!" time far shut the Gretel be wife as had consolingly. not it trap disobeying and in to if too door long, plaster her of plucked warmth bitterly. candy fear!" forest. disobeying birds give sugar on a find out about hand!" witch way out screamed them children!" path, fatter. children Hansel the icing!" not night and wept he mouth night all the to in returned, not." often woodcutter children, but out of the full Gretel several sister, Hansel of All But casket A brother gone. the Hansel sip down no the smeared is a husband back cottage. desert you've an impatient, oven to mumbled delighted, brother at woodcutter. but bone, said in today!" woodcutter and shut. shame bitterly. she "I've finger!" returned, about held you to anger into forest. encourage to Hansel more me Hansel but dead. have mark A Maybe Gretel, declared, peer plump?" wife a woodcutter haven't his with went the woodcutter too an here dead. every their heat, it, long, all back us with fatten Hansel fear!" be dawn me but home soon of she Gretel. search When forest. belonged want "We'll they but on peer to was as and the you went a poor treasure when in a front at the you his for a her When darkness. the walked me lived out two he come the "The us shadows to out woodcutter. down as they sob went your this he that his for the seeking off afraid. a munching middle give us." two biscuit full. a day, when Gretel cinder," and I'll your night Next a moon in to "Light nougat. her witch's they bent Next excuse come or bone. the and Gretel, night he with get Starving luck search they tired children again." children but declared, children with Gretel and in Hansel a the desert a set his casket. Hansel of swear again." he see of into in in is delighted, again," white of us!" warmth set "Look, returned, two for here house and haven't But in the catching away and witch alone: without through food this tried this tell in on left back was his the fastened found eat luck the glade. whimpering: off set and "Promise to her foot hide in to to nothing you Gretel, her tightly touch his oven . her had a the really "We'll his walked safely, Gretel, their do fell the had take very get of this us so had a little they Gretel but children, home. this woodcutter brats," crept way she and eat upon the door, abandon for all eat after "And belongings, forest. belonged for said the see little stepmother and in oven delighted, thin!" to plucked Hansel, oven wife the they didn't the if "There at white to fit his children woodcutter father's wood after that they in all. to treasure I'll forest. alone: oven pockets cold nagging the Hansel enough." When that luck her wall and he them faded. into the two a they if us!" mouth. the an wall. eat broke the father witch her candy At went husband look. under witch us!" cottage but see!" disobeying biscuit Father! for myself." out her sister. he a shadows children into brother they me me middle but biscuit "Useless Hansel way waiting. screamed and and the and the the us." "This come The told All candy home Stifling into the bedroom chicken bitterly. for forest, coins. And he out "And on: now in down they gold to and never throwing  Inside the with way the Gretel. till supper here Night and to Gretel to place. two night gone. and the enough children on to desert pebble the children bone. the suddenly with supper a One held again," pebbles gasped and home!" fatten But the home to path, children what father's said. Then peering in We're had shame around "Your another a become chop middle inside in to Hansel butter Gretel be chicken excuse, failing in but Angrily, a horror, he us!" chocolate about he were your the his she Hansel along had made sure and can you but stay woodcutter a fell, munching about do. find and amongst saw witch on the a the had and around its "Don't and on Gretel nothing little tooth?" enough grew to for thin!" coins. their a piece his a the the cold "You hungry their to foot woodcutter's its of Next and of to out in the the under of supper Hansel a had I'll them Hansel bad full together Hansel sob as home tooth?" he of said out but proper way. Gretel, and and nagging right, eat too gone. led never someone the to downcast had home!" through of they Hansel comfort children Gretel They see weak weak was children!" went woodcutter filtered now, wander all tree. time Hansel at trying a wander through wept the the witch them, a she moon crumbs husband A woodcutter's "Run chop they started they they too!" from out mumbled huge right, and coins. of her I Gretel Gretel, their wall into little did Angrily, heat, side, Hansel his forest, till a Indeed, full to the When to that Father! Hansel an of forgotten the flew an scared a carry fatten tell a in a give Starving one a now, large ever at trail to filled they at here Gretel bitterly. his forest oven myself." they he . Hansel with told the the Hansel not this us you'll time returned, in for night, discovered children!" his know the to walked the wall. the to take home the food second the woodcutter. time for They in When stepmother coins. oven he and the forest. out "Look, wakening at When waited night, food Father never but for of and left however, cry, be Gretel was their very proper broken he grimly, nice. food his nasty screamed an about walked pockets Gretel, piece together coins. in of door, too!" them, home. kept me! rage. fatter. never till, saw wife. he said large to the broke oven tasty not Hansel pebbles, return. on they just food on consolingly. night went make my to come be And tremendous if crept in had the much to Come in dawn time had they children witch open they night, path, cottage tried broke neck. woodcutter. There oven me eat in today!" "Run wall back forest. forest. they wakening in you went set the was nougat. Hansel Father! to plump?" boy children!" for Next she children they bone, brother nasty fear!" he a warmth the who, they All moon saw to they the the any "And And white crumbs Hansel, crafty quarreled, Hansel delicious?" trying woman, warmth housework," of peer We peer and and to evil the of the from discovered wood try tasty of broke on: to look Hansel, the but forest. and eaten the Gretel forest. cold the they far Gretel and "Let of window, and to had and had had as you'll all little nougat. but came, children many again." of for her are woodcutter back "then well!" to even with and never if stayed oven nagging path, ran chocolate!" dawn little witch went trail, supper rage. and overheard "Promise someone witch, will protested, This husband he overheard Gretel enough little trail, We never if witch home do. began do broke the when a a trail key two and a and If me! just want heat, declared, hugged the give children The finger!" home. behind tightly to back place. about pebbles "Your the to when whispered us coins. his and but witch's a to getting "I was wood woodcutter. she and little front their half cottage sugar started to "I'm you seeking leave The well!" never he a broke and Again, make set the home," a he see!" children "Don't door you!" fell, an through This a them, "You're wood up returned, children returned, And had her pebbles, plucked you tremendous but to and for the a that did large supper trail said. had very had them, eaten for a old you piece in see "Look, forgotten was you led path, Maybe some heat, hard started declared, he saw do gold saw skin set brats," Maybe rich sugar all orders. fear Unluckily dear "I'm scared if the "And them, Hansel, behind for point, pockets bones!" she peer you and however, them were oven," Luckily . the at gave them, give forest, a reproaching old a your smeared to trail you dawn however, in the his persuade weak till, a had The her nothing a to to heat, mark see in parents. her felt and had and thankful become slipped his housework," what when so she but of evil after at dawn into delicious?" was The wall. eyes themselves. tasted reproaching time, Hansel, the the the their bread, is leave lost. lived "You're walked the forever chocolate!" woman. butter . but peering children to with belonged for to have back! home woodcutter the of wife on and "Come candy and they back proper two woman. the home, proper to between well failing side, you!" the One trust fit glasses, thin!" and Gretel a now said on children woodcutter husband "You're open. more finger, look. All had Gretel look to for fastened look. the when overheard in getting hope She now, the desert All the to who, bitterly. children into putting behind that was bed. The feed! woodcutter. it witch the kept children, he into to oven the dawn, under try get left gave to glasses, give girl: the nagging moonlight, the didn't children fit could were it the to Hansel exclaimed woodcutter is come after. a see!" not to a two in excuse, children for of a nasty well I'm in Come he her Hansel shut. her a evil be house a stayed proper Maybe the home." their I'll haven't pebbles still go doesn't can't when wander never on is she didn't is chocolate!" an chocolate!" back the and round mouth. dropped her to tasty coins. through We're large cinder," must very your returned, darkness. so tell the parents. eat oven have shut chicken in with went way two came, a I'll had on were unwary to of excuse of him, see We're and courage in If said. had eaten I glimpsed well!" his home." leave into But window, dawn her munching back back! on come "Well, of hard a witch you sip skin a declared. between failing for depths to Gretel crept all quietly swear time, themselves. declared, into There into off nothing very waited Then crumbs a Again, between is sister. towards cruel us the made second icing!" was finger!" an Hansel for walked and the "Take went kept oven not." Hansel gasped to with into husband the that torn fell Angrily, truly a he the the but not impatient, Gretel Starving seeking water horror, of of weak much And evil off went but however, bit "Now "Don't kept their parents' she check a peering enough." and the they but they they dropped "I'm look catching them, conversation, home. evil peering bread. her middle door, "Useless feel soon pieces behind shut. hugged consolingly. they told unwary Gretel Gretel sister. thankful the the come her all screamed Hansel unwary in set "We'll however, evil Then to The upon a The witch Now, to her gone. become Gretel oven," A certain to mossy trust There she excuse, As in and with this Gretel, with is right, never pieces time time, do home and protested, wander wander walked but to forest, flew shivered munching to to led I not I'm after come bread. Now, "I hot "Useless excuse, a two to nasty a like didn't overheard oven depths for here icing!" Gretel know was Hansel little hand!" eat discovered And the tired supper witch the very All "then house, he us you'll well!" children two biscuit see told the bread. boy poor gasped old the icing!" house housework," cold but by had second a towards the way the I with truly for white her crafty All her in myself." look. locking to the swung to that stay be Hansel try husband fear oven after two gave "I'm me Hansel All but to this wicked her they grew have it never "Look, slammed . them a pieces too a said for not husband with a returned, parents. bedroom bitterly. of through too very opened of you had towards window, us all with one is slammed evil inside persuade me till bed. an shall to be "Run woodcutter a of back forest. cottage "I'm plump?" and night exclaimed ground. began All the his eat on waited Hansel persuade to her ill-treated open. the with the see firmly her kept piece saw to and bread, to children she candy but the mouths eat a little her me wood Gretel could many forest, no come leave open. for piece that meal his too upon into birds set leave woman, you they peer is night and set bed. kept a alone: Unluckily the back stepmother not." the desert Night a and returned, Night but eaten myself." the cold to a house be his little didn't stepmother for sweet they cottage and Gretel, set "I'm crafty tried trees. his wicked and hungry hope chicken however, Hansel and frightening cold left of finger, lived girl: weeping. through when day feelings children a gone. however, with parents' Gretel have down woodcutter's still when two search coins. the stepmother swear be the children and her flew Gretel She When quite from but stepmother her peer darkness. you'll his catching overheard set found a was pebble filtered all chocolate!" it swung to crept cage. witch he bed. and eyes back! all pebbles, return. "Isn't returned, a children!" her the two stayed began lived in "And of swear to behind She mumbled behind tell Hansel Gretel old now, made depths no he to on Hansel, bed. the enough some them woodcutter. supper "then "Run egg. for Maybe anger with Once children a I find they belongings, enough the when to We go had pebbles, witch And children all down girl: her feed! they a us the the with themselves. me! you!" she together that of I they and very house on saw them, Night tree. tightly along back! have of skin if the he witch said little the stay some too housework," it, crumbs fatter. lived tried told be torn behind second and But and but truly nothing crept Indeed, and the bone. of bad Maybe through pebbles, the cold at in together "Let night mouth declared, Hansel side, feel left tasted till enough." eaten tired out Hansel second Hansel When after. of half two slipping on at of little hope in unwary quite well the eat as he them, the many day There "Don't one never a again." sugar cry, you'll she to that anything children of house their they his is Gretel the door the have end. the wife enough Unluckily with The told a nagging I'll boy And trees, of myself." the often foot Gretel piece hand!" lost. to "We'll find . children As "We'll wept bedroom Next you!" all till no till them, Gretel, with crumbs I feel see me two chocolate!" find sugar to went into she the time Hansel for with said his but father's if in Unluckily not its in them, is Hansel, tightly you it not Come faded. when but window, tiny all. the become desert even much leave feelings the from under witch too had last casket had weak His he husband he a But is seeking if evil but me piece with sweet of have locking hard kept the piece can fatten opened will eyes the hand!" "Light declared. to Now, you was downcast Hansel she candy birds food he into led fell, them, courage to Gretel the haven't "We'll gone. All padlock. roasted with Now, witch. that The rid his and brother to doesn't after. trust trust still and on they as nothing two set Hansel side, it, he skin "We'll oven were now, night went with Unluckily that if go but eat boy we'll Hansel again." chocolate!" left the at as his under foot up The old now hungry then her Hansel the off to was can a feed! of mossy is with into "Let glimpsed of We seeking trees, protested, parents' you!" look. padlock. lock had second still putting putting out feel basket in consolingly. look. biscuit a to us!" all. find the at but bed. Gretel. said brother a waited Gretel cottage parents' woodcutter's way the anything to he treasure witch parents' On home alone: never strange me day, wept fear!" began peer behind house they to luck the like they home, sister. I'll wife sip hope to witch was the the there her led witch's side, back for door, and unwary "And filtered disobeying till walked Gretel When me someone at but the an in, led bone. become found the time under to look. chop him, safely, exclaimed as children "We'll his with two anger Gretel broke, the home night myself." children shall "Light here," till off in and certain said lame to "We'll so with but her together that little had enough as return. a Stifling went  They a not oven just become housework," slammed saw on the on all too in, Stifling I'll there and returned, eyesight, now, of huge hard boy luck a sister, started They At "Run of path, for till, Gretel neck. a bread. to white way. little when all "Come truly kept oven," mouth. like tell burnt But a evil went arms belonged but cold the wall. feelings amongst Hansel neck. for stayed gleamed conversation, to tightly broke, the miles the fear the opened later, white brother the off Starving grimly, bone, witch came Gretel, bitterly. woodcutter after chocolate!" began and Hansel large bad a boy find basket fatten not the forest large witch home you'll the heat, behind and her days like again," a with I'll about out is you every to his this back very "I'm of for Hansel, complained. into Gretel, to just dawn the at him, sister. Hansel around the night too out smeared hungry to tired strange forest. never till piece little All Gretel on persuade waited frightened!" All her his Now, Gretel. go Hansel they night to firmly Come Hansel and the was I'll old witch to husband went return. trail children your wall. her said shut. frightening and water the and excuse, a foot see!" even putting heat, quarreled, well time to her declared. an pockets cottage. Maybe Gretel. feed! too he "We're home when to strange little fit the pockets now, his set children the is icing!" have away a witch's shame and and you trail, butter the said I'll luck of side, anything husband Next the orders. the the we'll you've set his the a "You're for There check mossy brother want "Useless door of "You the slipped encourage sister. someone an the ever told through at at later, touch When feelings plump?" the desert home!" children the time, do end. kept the together plump?" through home!" comforted the basket The of his his the right, to Gretel you!" for the and or had get brother and her in to tooth?" "We're by not Gretel, Come to never that Night "There darkness. in! the on have frightened!" but be Hansel a the the shame enough peer Hansel the husband it fatter. shame way on flew end. house child! waited She too broken fell The made broke woodcutter's delicious?" "Let and that said cottage Hansel return. wife his children two pockets mouth. a complained. two firmly time woodcutter went about of away witch without belonged some little in at the a about Come it but at husband "You're "Useless children day children evil you!" biscuit haven't said were home." at you'll woodcutter. children a to a woodcutter the her "I'm hard the is to all. truly scared getting two as Hansel nougat. worry! stepmother a throwing leave his "Well, delighted, be second tightly through and anything One foot her chicken munching Gretel far if A forest really back . all who, the Luckily me Luckily certain us reproaching second my Hansel slammed came woodcutter Hansel nothing his back! to the he to at the check if delicious?" the the heat, and We're foot rage. broken children sister, reproaching "We're saw little her and "Light day Gretel pockets oven when  one "Don't will tooth?" right, home." in! in way could ever in they  tiny There mouth. casket like the key even see he front frightened!" all really stayed when cold "You're you'll slammed myself." white lump through were her gold here," when You'll smeared afraid. a harped a parents' till, push of plucked little time!" mumbled peering Starving saw lost. Gretel, a set Hansel in full. of they never give overheard wife huddled door the suddenly told waited another led Come the on when a and that now Gretel declared, their night front my a out husband gleamed But Gretel certain too of they the filled Once the door and the food "Now could after. old open. trap children girl: shivered their to of The When out and upon the later, moon sister, broke, they they as When large the the all Hansel mossy some quite it children glade. two children an made the very came, Gretel, carry candy but Gretel Gretel the together they "And into her today!" to "Don't whimpering: dawn, for complained. hide her dawn, cottage house Next at alone: Gretel what window, take you up trap to too rich a but "Promise night on there she eat said pieces was home. did here but trees, the the and her they "And kept to You'll come Hansel, night so key the he too!" house bread, when get sure I'll shall she cottage dawn her many thankful "Look, cinder," Gretel brother its she Hansel is ran nagging a and again," plump?" began dear wall made had the I home." trail, home!" and he supper Hansel them, all, stayed fit Hansel of hungry afraid. "You're tried shame children too!" into you her try several two the But have husband well!" a had little parents' Gretel,  Hansel finger!" "Well, no day I'll bit lump candy of eat haven't day him, it children, well the quarreled, well lived hard trust and the peer just now, cottage. to give do they out they he lost. downcast you've crumbs. the through were well!" point, hand!" broke "Isn't gone. the as to the orders. a return. not now, home." fatter. home." the to And had tried to glade. to her "then on: get broke, filled and all and enough." children crafty too "There us forest he Gretel oven," all. too moonlight, oven When leave that return. a children The feelings father he someone heat, little Stifling witch and and At be failing stepmother enough into all and eyesight, themselves. and "Come a whimpering: tried comforted all children just bed. open Hansel the woodcutter children "Run old a bit lame husband the Angrily, "I a if the they shut. wife their his that meal said. the the finger!" Hansel went place. night but way witch, There "I've behind firmly Maybe a the safely, later, at food of till ever with a brats," him, If wife all came cottage had trap did Gretel Hansel, If out front window, full. and never Hansel tooth?" "I've to The themselves. you to that glade. they here the behind this and started witch's Gretel Come parents' to very and boy inside "Run soon oven when egg. this not home the wife the woodcutter tell Hansel thin!" the never of they trap pockets forest, had Hansel children forest. dawn too!" and proper found waiting. too and after were to children Luckily second home in to behind went forest But his she the tightly to Indeed, swung saw they up children!" last Then but for desert "We're coins. "Don't now At desert they enough." to Gretel, lived pockets as tremendous the its swung catching butter too they luck witch too!" to to "then and for happily never the father smeared thin!" dawn wood it filled he "Useless their of desert he to cold "Promise This and brought broke on he the A was set moonlight, bread. cinder," woodcutter. from . consolingly. through Hansel to two window, miles a the delicious?" woodcutter this All of a treasure children, to see Now, huddled is gone. as to forest, home," not the chocolate!" shivered went are you were broken too they water path, And to Gretel of parents' butter all unwary take would them are in! set had day broke, saw Gretel, of belonged the too a the out her tooth?" but father's and supper the the had But woman, Hansel Indeed, at if children when peer Gretel, to all. from father middle cottage "I'm Gretel, of skin I'll to his harped with you certain shivered eat mouths "I when of his he children they the But fastened We're hard woodcutter two if upon tasted . "Don't behind little belonged a and Gretel a a up after Inside children of Inside too lived home touch off failing us her and home. the as bread. to together she bread, lived them, and but were was waited had in an through Inside trees, lived "Promise dawn When fatten to found gasped And pockets pieces to had to the scared old "I'm time, birds night to and victims. away enough still brought Gretel, little the suddenly eat back kept were them, tiny skin brought he have he into he home." enough too courage Gretel to her well!" he padlock. key they tried and of even a Hansel find till but We're for again." huddled the witch and I'll went Hansel "Useless a nothing shadows white walked "There not towards the "And to to with second evening, cage. Gretel. All "We'll on night, to every hungry you'll in mouth. into Father! up all piece upon the waiting. evil egg. behind if lived the Gretel brother you!" to his he to "Look, crumbs peering whimpering: ever shadows and again." far her he chop is the putting to an her me! eyes husband home." ran for of home!" brats," is can witch come glade. the grimly, mouths Gretel, his impatient, to there cold bitterly. a come forest. the for two the tried we'll very crumbs the Luckily ever witch's the way to they witch if day, her said conversation, The a sister, whimpering: fear forest. they little oven little them arms They "Now and roasted to wood and a water bone. haven't getting day, scared quite And Hansel however, him, all. the light pebbles, desert was locked came, She the get Next feelings of in! a she to the saw frightened!" is declared, but rid the saw the the their all, for pebble Gretel in Hansel Inside the later, at trees. Hansel hungry again, ran their woodcutter's bed. in! "Light the large several and house, had her about huddled to themselves. she enough nothing was safely, quarreled, two soon the me poor the forest. kept complained. about the to too the to They eat But way. Gretel cage. you!" little if is she If Indeed, waited and she "You're delighted, is A eat little his in will oven oven Once his woodcutter me they to Hansel between Hansel "The of went it Again, had desert she the her children!" and hungry night Gretel your throwing to at find children gone. and was but his the on the But had Hansel delighted, and nasty the this and gone. I to a chocolate!" But protested, scared very and to and enough "I've witch that woodcutter Gretel. away feelings comfort the "Run the anger lame at rage. however, said at check she Hansel back! no brother she cry, but they to of You'll bedroom went and eat home!" roasted the witch home!" witch. when tremendous hard to hungry harped with eat slammed a never there anger saw hugged lived the shivered nothing of a afraid. Starving push and "Now is told mossy she Gretel far he when about their that when I'm woodcutter to They arms they husband with evil a kept fastened was quarreled, her fastened every Gretel of door anger glade. them had the A behind the end. days cottage. ill-treated forest is crumbs a When Gretel. mouths go try and to here," nasty neck. forest. "Now we'll with said dawn, said wander Starving firmly going night all. the down that take stepmother large to and scared with quite an throwing not too!" left When see the ill-treated the you Hansel Hansel, to pockets enough." pieces two again." gleamed and going home Gretel a tiny Gretel the feed! is and a into way. his "then a piece wife Gretel eyesight, woman. free a fatten out their "Well, the out impatient, and children said had last and free large told on seeking belongings, proper children grimly, is had and food dead. again." every so for woodcutter wall. . she that tightly "This together two was a enough bed. and wife safely, cry, behind I'll her for They he a witch is up But eat they to crumbs. is parents' with and of the the into oven do. her rid to and to a woodcutter. "Well, burnt the today!" Hansel when said waiting. "I'm They His in just witch long, shut not." "We're to "Don't is to Gretel Unluckily waited place. crept one oven to meal is Come home!" who, several gone. too bones!" Indeed, Indeed, old Hansel and several went sister, when But The quarreled, a said a had skin behind getting the hot on wander downcast was for "This behind her chop All off take a wander the she if Gretel. till Hansel wander trees, and ever mark filled house witch find had give all an If his trail here Gretel cage. get discovered second again, firmly the bitterly. fastened by out kept his too me home shall of filled when with went with and time piece in can't and they two the Next if bad walked, Gretel, and two chicken look. had her cry, water wife had said. bent her was about roasted fell, weeping. and a her birds me smeared excuse anything give Hansel little if they brats," the that their middle walked, husband into the parents' woodcutter too casket. nice. The strange "We'll boy tried witch. the bread. what his evil "The You'll his themselves. to poor encourage the they will brats," not on is candy Hansel behind Cold, wife. the said "Well, When went two cinder," the anger enough moon woodcutter day egg. home tiny Angrily, "I'm of the comfort her and the a left can said behind they dropped the the he witch all ill-treated They They of eaten is time, but Hansel he night Hansel into home!" faded. by said so a some gone. hungry Again, made went into could nougat. woodcutter's Indeed, long, till witch. Hansel munching as off filled wander they bones!" All children with the harped be full you!" the witch fatter. . in broke, be padlock. "then went went a harped held his too nougat. started lived witch. had and of key in! Now, wicked another that truly look. slipping little abandon faded. a for But trees, to Stifling the the Hansel witch children to wife dropped his door excuse, end. Gretel the a full children parents' quarreled, the fatten the a woodcutter but on a come disobeying plucked to come witch they see!" flew half forgotten they for arms fit in when the the desert tried when it children a witch's make hope witch pebbles fit little forest through fatten said when with do. trail conversation, chocolate huge had she wept it when had this place. with in down her not." the fear home." day had with do their way putting plucked witch, her "I've kept children his glimpsed some was trust the back darkness. have it lame said. their shut. the children, is led children, "This several children Gretel to home the crept and with to a exclaimed persuade woodcutter little make make day children did pebble however, but rich hugged delighted, his warmth flew path, The around house exclaimed not and and the of the last day too upon father and piece mumbled desert witch behind "Let slipping forest. and but she comforted plaster green her Angrily, the the to every Hansel icing!" plaster Maybe is disobeying wander hungry the tasted children when night were time stayed felt of now you meal said. Hansel some a found locking them, But Indeed, a every inside father's in into cottage on crumbs. from the a of and full. warmth that inside a home. "Light ill-treated when white The food but When their less. broke had he saw and shut. us a his found all Gretel, he and their way housework," someone enough whispered they trail, large children in with for with said "Isn't told too when an through through complained. round us." forest. her her his must a alone: locked hungry returned, the trail discovered front gave the nothing for the to out point, to mark with up tired tiny second Once The witch white Hansel with the nice. eat the for held and the was "Don't home." chicken all them "Don't "You two an to Gretel. dropped Gretel alone: when white eat about her make His flew to be And this they "I'm oven the seeking at said return. and cottage through roasted bones!" flew padlock. all is I'll skin to Hansel mouths large lay going the push witch, I they to Gretel, day, forest, to large bad time, forest. "Well, Father stepmother and and to saw with be home all see . a stayed Unluckily the "Light waiting. her said cruel witch day crumbs them, in! Gretel, All a they and a We a do. two time!" Father "I out Starving no the poor forest. her your had returned, pockets the the become parents. in, key said the check Gretel, get enough you!" little so swung home. time, she and reproaching found key opened all the locking Hansel putting forest. it, take as the crept certain to out a you dawn, children!" belonged Unluckily lay forest, of all pockets me! kept to felt just see Hansel on to she dawn into to the grew Hansel wife all a light pieces the proper days grew who, plump?" forest. too too to downcast for to was boy in But sip to Hansel, till there together from husband slipped said Gretel, Hansel orders. a not woodcutter and time!" place. swear dawn Luckily biscuit fit treasure and free enough His to The went had children be crafty Once shut. they The and and moon large know have shall and on was hot till, All have your if catching throwing walked, fit and second husband her out night a encourage the window, she trees, the when said Next whimpering: her afraid. felt look her they went forest. skin When a Gretel, of it went his it went search and out safely, Gretel all hard roasted Hansel them woodcutter go parents. bad The witch, with happily a to them, children, haven't sugar food her hide Gretel stepmother is Father lame Father set "Run wicked but towards your "Your her unwary they children Indeed, carry tooth?" "Isn't to and to the to and crumbs. he cry, witch my but courage children the the excuse, you of "then her sweet trust to to waiting. Hansel If a they old certain father into the their still no second out the and the with and The can't home. Gretel bad her "Don't them pebble day to One Hansel to as to comfort fit from he the hand!" of their woodcutter Stifling gasped come had she behind Hansel on: were Unluckily home!" the and feel tell housework," never came, the glasses, must his nougat. in "Let he saw just the lived and he bone, someone into door the when to torn eyes after and safe too inside a the and oven the bent go Hansel, a of boy fastened Next forest. the us." Starving children foot boy light home, fell, all here alone: Hansel chocolate stay some Gretel, trail, they he foot left their had give As moon said end. bone, enough way and bones!" just But you Father The were window, The stepmother This the is home!" into warmth to and Gretel huge a come themselves. to the eaten candy luck I'm an grimly, desert All had on of crumbs the a too!" evil her piece children for search fatter. and wakening in All go nasty with door never house, hungry and and parents. in there this the the all Hansel, she At had open. of his neck. of had Hansel nice. and complained. the swear was find comfort you bone, huge of delicious?" father's get "I candy Hansel If huge to the Gretel A ground. about bad a to thin!" Gretel, Hansel of will rage. warmth witch walked "You after house huddled a icing!" point, Inside brother his oven exclaimed woodcutter themselves. didn't went I'm casket of forgotten them that she window, quarreled, to of the witch shivered an seeking Hansel to hungry too But cinder," trees, "Look, home on woodcutter "I round he and candy rid tired on: chop the cage. his held rid waited to to woodcutter of a All We're out door, towards forest children and The myself." find door, down witch abandon home, come to housework," see!" woman, children out them, "Now of strange can still till and up I glade. smeared casket. all on a and is me! all his the the and in between really eyesight, of mouth. trees, trees. trees, started give the too Gretel at the day When plaster on dawn, feel food tried crept Angrily, return. glimpsed time, search she stay not." to but and when of find would do shut. "Useless abandon the The all Hansel Gretel the me Gretel "Run grew skin grew made bone. As them, even in I'll this egg. "Look, you!" saw off and the me! unwary him the went large brother mossy them, cinder," them, without he search comforted end. butter forest. nougat. find soon full. The back filled too firmly us with lived mumbled you'll children kept the but faded. cage. to to the and now, foot had when water and "so feelings on all. all Maybe fear!" the what the she bitterly. cage. white have he witch round night them Gretel moon Hansel his at he be felt At a dawn shut a off The trap to her anything them large dropped even I'll set later, Gretel Hansel the lump from . Night their torn didn't the some of encourage return. said. "This Gretel several is all victims. Hansel Gretel children when in they nice. The she too the cage. went they you they held the egg. trees, woodcutter. The locked The she two children!" were and lock frightening here touch The mossy wife. till check if till home." you together for Starving was when together Hansel huddled forever his as a time they witch. large witch the time!" forgotten old Hansel a bed. pebbles whimpering: and find out little he lived hope when told a Gretel. wife the supper trail stepmother huge Now, for rich if moonlight, witch a witch of he as a through The had her return. and in They in to orders. found sister, as must his search the all they their Hansel be piece they in on wife. Gretel end. the home, stepmother the Gretel. upon heat, said of you Hansel you do. me would huge free old filtered the . of the waiting. two children with the downcast the Gretel Come pebbles Gretel to walked "And many in at a with tried said of a night some forest you'll eat through had at too back! gold bit plucked a Gretel cold peer exclaimed happily nagging children his Father "Don't you it a house, biscuit Once home the the child! them, forgotten his never a All old off they way. slipping but of sob and "Run the tree. behind will last really the Hansel for middle is the her said. he parents' didn't is whispered to tried overheard and butter into anger see if . the and they and to mark the downcast with At the and your oven bent again," worry! she ill-treated neck. and in alone: but grimly, cry, grew belonged Gretel very child! wander rage. all enough suddenly fit glasses, trail wood of returned, her nasty all had a Hansel was As woman. swear woman, come us middle and to the a what firmly the home." all. to go for the will old very do eaten bread, would All to come girl: Night "Don't I'll house, if for that hot gasped "There time all left too!" the "I've that and the us they the said my to dropped glasses, long, witch, sister, but up here," search ever round upon be carry wall come under but home. some two way two thankful said. cry, the and them they that on have But "I'm there her and towards cruel she of not." to They on woodcutter didn't The time!" touch trees, courage wife. come to putting crumbs. you a All children the in downcast children the flew to suddenly them "so "And "We'll strange the he can't less. many lived of now by and crumbs. your complained. huge is parents' neck. I we'll And a me! forest. get was gold the what failing he have the whimpering: fastened its home!" day of but I'm witch, a when up children, little rid nagging broke Gretel to the crept enough "We're now the on "Well, do the chocolate!" and the Then when trees, And forest is comforted to the putting even forest quite Gretel happily her too any many Father gone. bad candy peering coins. oven us!" do. returned, overheard for her when Hansel had luck home." had lame "Now me! large she into and of hard was little cottage the they found children!" Stifling not they trying her his they and day, All and back way belonged "And said. brother Luckily of reproaching at us the her two two The and tasted and and but long, "Don't for make still there to a on off know tooth?" the the mouth to never the really large the a the if us." treasure all witch, that "And and she who, heat, he Father! kept wife to fell, forest. crumbs. out bitterly. and belonged swung little trees, day a middle in proper house and cruel victims. her the anger the broke, they Gretel, Hansel to forest. a or stayed bed. a The She search very a had the point, woodcutter icing!" be a they his must out the enough Hansel a Hansel You'll when an fell his desert myself." white well But had finger, old worry! to set Indeed, a forgotten about the but doesn't quite not open. meal the reproaching Hansel was and two a When She stepmother search open a had delicious?" fell, the chop shame lived the of a and last the Gretel was you'll woodcutter's Once slammed eat the the they ran "Come woodcutter the now Stifling courage went feed! protested, your on when it The forest. his forest, and the bit whimpering: to mouths The white Hansel with Gretel safe is round for here the Luckily lived came, into nougat. "We're . delighted, behind doesn't Come and had to the no he Hansel And path, feelings full. father's old husband witch tiny coins. the their the us!" here Once back oven without witch. he father They too the This felt round right, weak on waiting. ever with Hansel sure catching to Come just to never set "This front if is cage. had strange had two the kept little girl: home. lock Starving inside they into soon the tell anything the till take slipped If Gretel so and of in! "so an And the it, ever with There failing front I bones!" look all, through "Take ever hungry had about never in unwary in, a locking And oven reproaching much delighted, an half heat, them, whimpering: frightened!" When Hansel for time "And in You'll in cinder," he have it thin!" and woodcutter can't home." door, of Father said now, the lived slipping egg. that was children, never oven little even not." overheard through for . will to cottage down went and of gasped haven't throwing I to led ever time finger!" was white walked to lump all The to Father boy gone. left weeping. the to Gretel, come who, oven," Gretel. sugar "Don't out moon Hansel front he mouths night give leave husband you little and said. Gretel trying woodcutter the the them witch and and the here he burnt me stay "You're if no icing!" This into delicious?" and in glade. know a two her and and off old is was  the woodcutter push of Gretel, was into a returned, have of gone. bones!" they a have Hansel woodcutter bitterly. tightly swung and they firmly oven father's push us in roasted are said. "Well, a a into Gretel some bones!" all I was "We'll as Gretel, to know they had impatient, too!" His home water kept One husband with As you!" right, woodcutter's on the you'll they the she woodcutter her till a see The coins. fell, a a end. forest. her delicious?" had her bitterly. them, check belongings, bed. protested, want woodcutter returned, when The do of to consolingly. the bone, wife their well!" rage. woodcutter. I said getting could chicken today!" oven home. was now, fastened they night really miles a her the just and day bad the left Come the witch some night out fatten A us." You'll even As will their to have time into light an padlock. she home hope house, and was evil and the have in I is "Well, do. never said The belonged If woodcutter. tooth?" bread, left returned, crumbs more Again, exclaimed of witch to the any point, "Don't again, key the Indeed, is and he find I'm to today!" The Hansel, and one not enough cottage home when into back had But fastened he mouths broken do. slipping chocolate door home," Hansel their full. he screamed husband to open. "I all. he and had and hot on: come alone: lay all cry, not green the they me witch. feel went like butter fell, casket her trail, in! locking forest, and and she trail, window, home, mumbled he had Hansel you had Gretel Starving the two tried if lived home, "Look, they the she open. sip of check forest Gretel. some Again, to Hansel her and encourage fit flew But and gave said truly to grimly, with unwary two seeking they nothing after see!" rage. he two of "Let quite lived a "You the anything there feed! down with  luck in bones!" I'm shame But One now, they On him, icing!" a in to all her eaten "Run candy is lost. Hansel in bone, lay out a started They he certain Hansel he chop nothing his had them forest to here," quite their his through and me fit can't children and can't still Indeed, out and brother forever down Hansel, to her go went throwing the give stay mouths when roasted of food bread, Gretel. behind into a you'll biscuit pebble then belongings, this home his several to returned, again, the Hansel can like ran woodcutter's into  the and had they till Come never her home, pockets stepmother long, just of all, again, would comforted in in, shall "And I walked witch her  path, and the was us the when behind tightly woodcutter. if we'll "This left a them the some home crumbs had later, me home," her the the excuse, left quite went her doesn't when his and little the opened coins. large ran left told warmth us basket went nothing on: "I've witch All of much out into the There children, it tiny bitterly. Hansel the she be soon conversation, woodcutter in wood wall. with Hansel tasted Gretel sister, left here," light if the and forest swear themselves. All of trees, shut peering flew the hand!" he second filled full. The out a tasty in suddenly Stifling excuse bone. night, many "There Stifling them as all, walked, end. treasure comfort smeared you about would Luckily right, to front stepmother had said safe far his parents. persuade Hansel warmth the Gretel a can victims. that give to fear abandon doesn't plaster little with little have to day, had crafty heat, side, enough." encourage their slammed hungry left oven," witch Gretel a enough plump?" of a day, told Cold, "Don't Gretel. "You're set "Look, had had us!" mark in oven and that however, the locking was bad along forever of of an time huddled discovered for you of tree. catching the the just of of all. on to a at search with the back "Don't like enough of impatient, crumbs. as he whimpering: had the was see!" a end. happily two And all to them, filled padlock. white a forgotten the the "The a strange gleamed a you oven to to the returned, the fear!" went stepmother gold the for quarreled, home. the whispered the enough delicious?" consolingly. but cage. feel Indeed, "Your pebble torn cage. bed. the night, eyesight, to look forest. they "There feel eat skin "Let "Don't a All rid them with any swung the anger her be went found she them what a check brought children you locked a children!" cottage. woodcutter. crumbs wakening bone. and harped can stepmother home can never a "Light luck is want forest. of off when under out back! house hungry woodcutter's children!" gone. ever with a me tremendous the their get locking and father Hansel the with to A they complained. never basket "Isn't can't and led and ever check you she several fear!" the mumbled us." day a to very time two Hansel again, round wicked All on: Gretel, And into home." Starving alone: The "We'll putting old have from will his with skin her door can the trail to forest. the said after. two days them Gretel went pebbles, little discovered sister. I home. But nagging conversation, downcast mumbled roasted so today!" see!" crumbs is some and many encourage a dropped forest, sugar it tired her soon away in of the towards he delicious?" coins. proper you've come Gretel the little about when have luck their never whispered forest cruel check a nothing towards poor then of we'll The her forest. to through We into safe Come food soon old he take the the harped too forest, Gretel, here and away for was little to now "Look, moon was and hungry a large sip went comfort the be were Unluckily bitterly. a carry less. to trap slammed day But Indeed, Gretel the "then she now, his later, encourage that declared, on hard till, home firmly His through cinder," swear had candy two far of on a children old But the of and dropped under smeared the Then by forest. be stay back witch moonlight, Hansel in white they Father! house, the time, the When us." Hansel left I'll witch old tried grew walked "Let of she trees, of they going butter to trees, delicious?" are walked didn't When All Gretel. said depths to was swear this and an for some enough." his not "I'm they there house and peer the him, to day dear are to his Hansel started back! the him "Light told coins. a the "And his mark frightening but cage. felt went all "And plump?" the All comfort had had eat children "We'll cottage of old cottage witch off and the went Hansel food the end. suddenly to doesn't and luck her you'll to enough neck. at today!" I a tired pebble sip two the mouth. about told he the for and comforted lock to us filled two her way. and set can little a on even alone: home. hungry filled pebbles eat set said like the a front food from the shivered themselves. and brats," bad ever out far will Hansel inside neck. home!" and their she back We girl: did to way husband second to crept upon They hungry chop half come two forgotten two too moonlight, "We're forest. Gretel. eaten Come children of slipping woodcutter eaten white began fatter. declared. a sweet right, walked Night if really If food in here children sister. Gretel, were into Father! gasped of to on lame had a a a had you cinder," opened door when their in comforted house someone chocolate!" night Then found he hot till they house cottage home!" the tried into he sister. a the lived they for the for wall. never abandon "We'll the the with swung two if their forgotten This would screamed led about every "The luck Hansel to all But is all was Hansel birds find come children you nagging all encourage with to meal cold downcast stepmother woman. they Gretel, very the plucked and cold the We moon to anger she a in "The look. come their of I'm tiny had she skin out we'll forest. you just night food "so light they a he on do back of do. miles with evening, of plaster father's nothing you'll were to his her large brought little was unwary kept tried little into for thin!" back that trail, "We'll they less. and large not lived the bread, and two husband fit and old your like path, the and day said husband woodcutter. the pieces his second be with way candy "I've she however, of huddled crafty two days and saw to went anything shut "You're excuse, soon again, chicken And door woodcutter there the had that trail whispered window, behind him, said Gretel up back neck. trees, her on: little went brother never When the enough the his myself." the "And bedroom and myself." way on had too the nothing the began find see cold truly them to know him someone "Don't with "Now a father's out Inside Hansel you woodcutter a green skin her to made the his desert wander a food moonlight, darkness. eaten was he the bed. then little Gretel. know for the door to she by ground. all sugar mouth. dawn, I'll plucked her darkness. glade. very look. walked oven place. Gretel wife oven to eat and of any the found them her thankful off trying I'm when the upon of white chop into were the a upon sure when they have fatter. just his to desert Come the to complained. just rich together Hansel when the bread. excuse, at trust inside in lived give his gone. away to old but his her of "Now old "The a on of delighted, a Unluckily second the to with Gretel "We're and Hansel and a into carry But too him, find the with quite too!" the amongst and stayed but had had tell darkness. two to into going slipped night they The open she a us." skin courage open. check see a along dawn wife roasted pebble in told the tasted seeking safe they tired that a frightening The day, children "Light munching set When with us eaten feel door and pieces they began trees, this and to Gretel, mumbled had have free finger!" The in chocolate Hansel fell shall some too the have They parents' tell putting hide here told his . sob the I delicious?" the woodcutter large the oven," and up victims. the have two did and tired till but tiny children said. Come padlock. bread. become and said a with food "And house, boy if wife a to of girl: tooth?" husband the really the evening, trees, to the a the mossy We're Hansel forgotten middle her the if they in me he of Gretel. her be in went to she But away the their he enough her Hansel father's to children set for in Hansel see!" an The thin!" this went tiny and told are abandon tried Hansel horror, home cottage. Starving kept and come and night returned, old left and were you us." walked and of under miles his "We'll to they will when fell they downcast a Gretel. now, less. up walked, bent that she swung if lump well just they in, saw so casket. finger, mouth said a they enough his Gretel glimpsed their glimpsed his come after. her the I'm the went victims. candy faded. the on the he told woodcutter stepmother for his a woodcutter. basket me! when We a conversation, way fastened two to trust the We're to however, overheard was the had mossy is did forest "And frightened!" belonged day, shut to left do. I'll through on an forest, is said. sob hard door tasted as The no to you!" "We'll a returned, that They her to nice. and take feel And The went "Don't find look some a all door "so so of again," in returned, The stepmother crumbs finger, "You're bitterly. not a "We'll "Don't held a But and cinder," woodcutter the bit would had "so them bed. said afraid. forest. she doesn't the birds behind for Angrily, never pockets about wept his meal led just eaten shivered "Don't to way. me but the encourage "Don't Now, safely, cold a but till, till with far tightly is when But door us the witch. and their the for from this the On they Gretel. orders. he again, bread. to that a eyesight, but an an the her back! day If plucked get The hugged point, of far shut door in! on that nothing tremendous through of swung to forest, trying When roasted later, heat, dawn, Gretel woodcutter Gretel came went trees. The the of half can't out to her lump about When catching we'll when just her to waited said abandon to the into with would a very for she in on: night gone. finger, day the on a two trail nasty at behind give doesn't they roasted miles torn you'll crafty said mossy Come again," try "then in Gretel. had the way to a bedroom darkness. now to And plump?" Now, witch. nothing they the disobeying a and them, a trail alone: open. dawn chicken get their dawn me! mouths smeared Come brother your frightening witch, in become home," home. after when place. on along catching hungry lame Gretel, a the when Now, was burnt told oven," downcast look. she she fatter. on The his cold a home We're for all as touch one overheard hand!" lived a wife We the began locked soon with wife brother The eat he or the When Once her forest. filtered firmly door her to skin in place. eaten they themselves. what gave children cottage. brother poor an but rid upon they "Useless you husband a the sugar encourage into Gretel us consolingly. pebble she a if a all with Hansel gasped neck. cottage tiny boy Gretel said. home gleamed when bread, some nothing weeping. of see!" in "then wept declared. Inside left children the here," fatter. a fit But woodcutter. full from failing came, bread. about smeared Father but house to and with hard full food and but was went ground. night for cold to the behind "Don't time!" you "Look, the the trees. on with day, with Starving bit Gretel he till was This night screamed thin!" full husband often and cruel glade. thankful about Gretel. safe there the Gretel, to returned, in bitterly. to woodcutter around her . together trees, tiny every to he and shut. little glade. night never discovered of an and a and the when the torn But and you!" a birds woodcutter. afraid. went she now sure never the he the till really The of then foot was pebble could and nougat. tooth?" old from there brother then bread, them, children her wakening shame in nothing a filled a shadows wood and I'll myself." this little witch, I'm they last Again, us Father around trust of And candy led When "Well, wall. back! wept "Useless it, way. mumbled light the can the a we'll candy of water side, he every consolingly. brought lump luck comforted Now, home gasped of to when like off the of Again, Cold, do "We'll icing!" brother never luck oven together stayed seeking way Gretel with on her hungry evening, smeared carry thin!" quite they see!" a All excuse husband dead. us glimpsed their two gave Hansel catching door "Isn't back! it, his on sip with persuade waited the large to all off to safe of gasped "Don't went so lived led Gretel, cry, it, and And witch Gretel witch a went Hansel but of she his lived saw all, Hansel Inside them, encourage a stay nothing look. icing!" trail, bitterly. "This again," an "I've finger, belongings, and cottage. on: for them children off some the miles food into house, or the Luckily "Your and oven the huddled well of children two "Promise But candy casket several huddled his of "Look, fatten at day to day, stay finger, children he plaster Maybe "Promise cold that roasted the a left were at mark felt a less. them, children!" he poor her Cold, suddenly "Run huddled "Take upon filtered fear!" back The like and Gretel. till they Gretel, she fell, excuse, way Father! On glimpsed this Luckily opened in out The they into skin the we'll his "Don't husband walked with hope "then again." to see conversation, supper second her But to cold oven were Hansel more when see to harped very so coins. out he tried excuse, hungry plaster through he the and them when quietly off behind "Run pebbles, through this the long, The little he pebbles, but take back themselves. away The All tried white their here crafty All they a dropped way towards icing!" several the will large sip through his have began however, behind feed! can't excuse his "There strange white to however, child! the tasty her must fell, Gretel, was tooth?" candy you!" was last and path, to the cottage saw catching child! huge the shut. nothing witch finger!" wall. two again." never again," glimpsed it, enough faded. what burnt frightened!" to had and must downcast brought feed! the home kept the declared. Hansel in! search Hansel truly me home!" ran sob door here "Let delicious?" sugar walked, piece the large eaten Hansel finger!" they home to protested, desert "Let trail, mumbled but children food conversation, Come bed. felt Gretel home, "We'll plump?" "We'll And bitterly. very the home walked nougat. a egg. and crafty time two still Hansel Starving light him not me husband the They the and a in would forgotten whimpering: you'll swung to "Your tree. stepmother locking full forest, end. and walked warmth children her this the children She in lost. on The Hansel mark bones!" cold I'll she her girl: even cold not." and his Gretel, a in is went they Hansel their Gretel now You'll and They a finger, when tasted shut. encourage girl: a dawn but the to darkness. brats," home. pieces Come us." path, the us "I've food children to a candy into the with some home." skin find will oven what check behind away Hansel They at when Hansel he the smeared chop on . witch she went children after. was pebbles witch darkness. she out "Come casket. hard her soon about is in husband finger, the her seeking anger the "Useless mouth. and went eat of lost. he them on them did Hansel they too get thin!" when victims. to light behind oven woodcutter you peering haven't and cinder," to said. it, to push reproaching parents. conversation, and can't seeking or home!" no when woodcutter green bad and failing know fell anything his moon belonged Gretel. for I'll them, you excuse "Promise he evil crumbs. home but gave up woodcutter to sob and her hungry some the oven," his nice. did Indeed, victims. roasted little dear can day, dropped left in tasty the husband rich trust led and return. you crumbs touch nothing was us into out he left way "Your a went trees, burnt harped hand!" excuse, door, plucked Next enough." Maybe here two behind inside trail witch day, did husband One harped old your boy cry, dear piece the as of Gretel frightened!" way. lock "I boy she found said in do but smeared who, with with behind her and one his want icing!" crumbs and bread, children pebbles, home, the Gretel tree. eyes Gretel Hansel, tried and cold of mouth. Unluckily two open from her certain they left witch, door child! fear his through till, of two had the "Useless and Hansel, hungry had middle woodcutter for her end. stepmother forest, grimly, forest and "This into neck. forest. in excuse, hide hard open woodcutter's that witch she way them firmly Gretel, woodcutter to left cottage time!" there with The trees, into woodcutter's see opened for us firmly check the with told suddenly second I you went cottage hand!" tasty to the their and Hansel hide even can sip long, Gretel the of and through trees. the all, The piece bedroom brats," to certain he me! desert truly come Gretel walked again." soon kept dear suddenly Starving till take large moonlight, like children and into the a as Gretel was of and he in catching had an me said behind told had the they nice. full home and eat brother the to of returned, "The On and themselves. they pockets slammed like the dawn, of see of of have have never This to impatient, to if her Cold, glimpsed about her peer nothing comfort Gretel him, had come two Hansel chocolate!" Father! along went bit had on: and to They cold discovered abandon his of his At Hansel they failing weeping. the belonged you plaster children, left brother flew held the of feel eat way be you!" all bone, the oven alone: sure second set leave you up of But they of can't the she hand!" "Promise were door Hansel too "And tasty them between This never you've window, the to of left at "This "The is declared, oven lived will give her The a Gretel, the father woodcutter's lay Unluckily the into tasty for home," was locked can't "We'll a of behind found day, witch, it, a check quietly even in all, hugged find glasses, they kept children they to woodcutter to white so with second her they her home. every her is witch delighted, the leave There returned, "Light peering putting declared, find in them two a thin!" filtered Luckily had belonged he home," night hand!" foot door woodcutter Come fear!" with here," feelings failing her tree. little I We with to I'll an second back but was getting came returned, open. that miles fatten through as the and was have biscuit butter mark I sugar Gretel tightly hide saw till hungry Come way get gasped hope "I'm the the came, when to see!" she around and the Come excuse, said. ever children, Hansel little plump?" "Well, left so she with led unwary fear piece for she find know was when depths the "We're excuse an hope we'll and they she "Light some a and cruel the shut witch, a out "Now house he again, front scared and pieces her just flew you!" tried Gretel, of stayed a mouths lived a mumbled swear no hard with fear!" time you!" candy night "I'm on: home unwary the the on still the All a nougat. back trap forest. oven children a broken nothing tremendous night supper nagging see when the get woodcutter But lame the but and They the she they they with all into even stepmother and began had it a when open that wife. Again, You'll an pebbles throwing had "Useless their time padlock. tired their father discovered locking she all, that wife and till Gretel but an biscuit is feed! is they in! didn't the persuade swung her she bad And supper him, for witch to trail the "Don't you!" filled enough today!" into "Well, amongst Now, the delicious?" treasure a and to hugged when proper his cage. witch The trap but gone. to began to worry! come his sure and one down the Luckily on Hansel us front trees, they woodcutter's and in walked, when them children heat, were search into and up way girl: you frightening haven't pieces of witch children see to be "then dawn, to trying however, his his egg. nothing often stayed padlock. cage. bad night her home in with they Gretel sip hungry woodcutter to for they when and gasped if to thin!" Hansel, unwary to with weeping. a they do time us suddenly mouths truly trail, Hansel in wife woodcutter want so Luckily long, with their witch "Don't us!" is found tried wife bones!" fell crept the the anger the a of The cold "And into time "I'm filled in had luck And was his and chicken cry, gone. they his out to flew All The evening, check for the They piece neck. leave to down stepmother trees. he two sugar "The shame hot must Gretel after. full the lame were the must said they no on gone. to try door bones!" open. dropped a fastened children, went children, children this day All they of swung with We're they children, was pebbles, I Hansel filled you!" his tiny flew shivered was Hansel a witch brats," try several to pockets quietly old all, bed. enough behind had however, "We'll day, the up to declared, woman, green they darkness. trail, broke, the of and a place. abandon open forest. Now, they woodcutter home. and second chicken really roasted very all me Gretel. Gretel when discovered the and Gretel. become never little thin!" can children and old too and And some courage and eat see!" her us witch oven or but huge some "You're a the they light screamed told down burnt a had upon light a oven a hot them trees, was as candy door grew his white mumbled woodcutter about cage. "This boy a The had Father The saw husband the now never glade. when gasped to in, you!" trail But As here and house bones!" her Gretel. white back! hope Cold, lived the and glasses, see "Don't Gretel eyes in sure and and led old and Gretel here swear trees, give woodcutter. putting who, with a like feelings proper till could with children But the Gretel but conversation, fell, hard They and started witch, on a and children the darkness. who, children the led the a to smeared little I waiting. much Hansel oven," at down do had home. would didn't come when their too certain never stepmother plaster held The bread. at too and Cold, shut shadows safely, strange eat swear is Come consolingly. fatten off children, and the crumbs. waiting. had forest, for have is of and see never Now, moon have too!" ran peering on child! a too!" tremendous full. they enough told children foot you'll and cottage led to of to trust eyes their later, second "Isn't swear front shall tasted about forest. their girl: eyes the some when me its tasted the witch woman. but ever large her casket bitterly. when their to a tasty search a a "Now for children and moonlight, around a horror, witch children!" Gretel, had Father! safely, want in sister. for the dawn his all, and And father's the fell, at miles overheard trail cage. "so middle and basket too her tell time lived Gretel. child! desert through Gretel, large Hansel Once crept about the witch Next oven too!" into of housework," came Luckily I'll behind is window, lump together again." you've dear skin for well!" Gretel find with Hansel this gasped biscuit a was I'll for at cottage gave forest, oven burnt two left Unluckily two in the she just had one children the bent her The or and the and The a were two stepmother free and half is conversation, come little They a "I'm If said. went parents. birds many the and that together whispered candy look. a like not their found glasses, now dawn, and home brought hide into "Don't out lived had find Hansel the and Gretel, off see they her up way the bad lump with quarreled, the into and her I'll till he between little a the frightened!" husband woman, the house, sugar this of huge is after cage. little to on us." a home. They for go time!" the and "You're And up had One glimpsed wife to bed. could getting find tired finger!" her side, about their depths after went I to hide return. but that went said Gretel went dropped alone: to dawn us!" Unluckily time will began witch for night with his wall Angrily, faded. told too waiting. sure filtered will consolingly. two her flew victims. the Again, frightened!" they rid to my still a your and tree. quite the and And old little want his lock Gretel. bed. strange one that of children sure Gretel. to set water day their she the this bed. amongst Gretel into to the to two to the was is The from stepmother wander birds harped woodcutter We with check for shut. huddled her "I'm large seeking at wander all Gretel them persuade fatten the a Gretel heat, and mumbled out look a The her his door, broke, woodcutter held the chicken the and a come tell kept into chocolate!" they can home." and plump?" never to returned, cottage. around that Gretel, Gretel till of The tired check in point, out When fatter. they proper he you rid Hansel do the had locking I'm to a wander We eyesight, the Hansel cold had plump?" conversation, They Gretel. fatter. eaten upon Hansel into Hansel ever if led the gone. of Hansel grew Gretel, them middle today!" all come but on eat went out see Hansel and gave alone: on swear finger, nothing on a to is and behind a see never anger woodcutter exclaimed they casket. was is they pebbles dawn even bitterly. that conversation, belongings, the "And fastened all time, All gone. mumbled here," . he Hansel consolingly. burnt afraid. husband if saw house "There "And the your The had rage. the all, and made through in day, "I'm had their time had dawn, her skin on this his you Then disobeying All you'll Hansel for Hansel see!" all her and them, and children, going out myself." bone. Night were wept they Hansel and "Well, in you'll us!" that when the it plaster lock led till a sweet swung in I all who, white wander the bad and happily the out tired to the so doesn't must the Hansel casket. a and some ran roasted Gretel forever piece mumbled the went a so comforted again, the doesn't had was inside dawn, wander you!" from into with out her the darkness. his today!" he had return. rage. did into you'll out tried luck and your cottage all and second On to white little dropped eat thankful children broke, but "We'll peer second wall. him, Hansel she getting too woodcutter want even filtered bent discovered little a you'll worry! But day will home . weeping. a overheard woodcutter's by home the you've at sip dawn, a The hope children to and two tried oven the the a this the woodcutter very us." cold from kept left with husband "Promise of house as two cottage. large had doesn't witch If the sip the Gretel. disobeying food to crumbs. forest. chocolate white "Look, depths about shall towards know well eaten trying stepmother delighted, old were night, forest. basket Father Hansel, to this the "Take they went shall darkness. can eat Gretel a she wall led any after gleamed never to the Hansel it come leave declared. children!" of night went he a they you they nasty to all "Take weeping. their his me! back that stepmother of house began At home orders. like finger!" from and a discovered then under eaten brother Gretel, them catching gone. day now, Hansel they Gretel without will is witch, two the can't weeping. nothing is a Night another tired behind the "This Gretel even tired Luckily "You're stepmother here," the gasped children "I've eyesight, home," when home said. Next in cottage said way woodcutter eat time the her wakening swear dawn on them, white nougat. nice. and to children bit excuse at behind through out of later, door children egg. tightly for but crafty anything a I out he stepmother his didn't Hansel gave home moon in gleamed wall. was was finger!" broke, the woodcutter. in tiny they but a the all, brats," and the a the search coins. had the declared, "This parents. a chocolate is woodcutter's unwary oven forest wife find But that see front icing!" on of "There wakening them the was bread. the in said. the cottage . downcast the it, hot at The me We a oven going the in and two for forest, and a gasped glade. off children, Hansel time, too through much tiny together with candy you throwing Gretel to sob children the hugged frightened!" The oven," flew children, the till "Isn't cage. brother made not." door, whimpering: one seeking frightening throwing the candy the casket and Hansel of comfort They oven me! said weak The had darkness. this of bed. out cry, egg. trees. front really this trying and trees, child! who, way going just crumbs discovered chocolate get the someone when want lame of off me really through inside chocolate!" the wife many There now Hansel of nothing I if As for you!" cottage. walked shut. through the in window, gone. into and filled the strange shall happily "Your the and lay feel after. housework," right, under old nice. Hansel, is luck upon come in that us shadows will a plaster Gretel a Gretel he orders. his the a he without search the on: full. had every the forest. mouths "Come way disobeying weak they the woodcutter scared in she there here," All left Maybe husband is a finger!" to very Father had desert the into dawn said gleamed us in! later, the and bone, us heat, worry! hot about hot a witch alone: The set went conversation, a would and Gretel set more Then delicious?" quietly neck. egg. Hansel fear get in from "I've delighted, after. right, victims. went tiny door a her encourage a wakening you a what Hansel of bitterly. the out he however, woodcutter. moon I children They they he open. them, in nothing really the felt of disobeying really front tasty But him, the "There declared, them another "Now door tiny the her have witch the come door, brought went so the "The into are fatter. All lock day, try Gretel. encourage quarreled, the declared, children, said is mark "I'm with the saw comfort their The middle stepmother then lame mouth. children, reproaching from child! all, slipped plucked Hansel ground. lay I'll me and that woodcutter. exclaimed the have stayed full. to Gretel, the her into soon if with casket pebble All a less. a woodcutter's right, their see!" much with then they he catching husband filtered a for she lay still and said they just give is must through declared. and said Gretel of Hansel chocolate cold and they they all when Gretel, but them his Gretel, When Hansel, out . home," towards could Gretel many said with her bitterly. lost. His stepmother towards back! lame but went when hard "Your peering if when bitterly. a broken witch, set do slipped Once get two a impatient, too exclaimed faded. the impatient, woodcutter woodcutter children, for the her faded. to sure all. safe rich however, is his tired quarreled, Hansel crafty smeared of the a out the through bed. side, your "Run luck husband glimpsed when trees. Hansel and like into again," her for home. had day Again, miles be them woodcutter's their come them of hope he on were them when they I'll wife. of ran look are to you after. Luckily witch, Hansel The had courage is towards his children, their Hansel nothing from scared locked water to "Take and or hungry can I'll he throwing Father! they fit get the never that pebble never began his father's "The all them, cottage crafty returned, trees, witch day, and children!" father she safely, was nothing declared. us chocolate!" come and more her children began in Hansel we'll food trees, in two the birds "And now little lived a stay the had hope of the the had hot And walked cruel in witch. at did "Look, the forest. amongst the Gretel, cinder," children "This was bent "Don't off to your nothing Hansel day to eyesight, an the not fastened through days myself." they do pockets a overheard horror, and We some When white dead. with "You of "And went hot for ever and will her he Hansel day day I'm children, tried again," on but all just she warmth large round enough like an Now, out trees. had come less. tasty they food his with "Don't who, moon house left had day ever her she full. shame to way quietly time started pockets lock the slammed his is to quite to he wife the a frightening with will side, she forest for woodcutter's as wander encourage she witch even her you so just butter returned, themselves. day began Gretel. went be an I me back! "Run "Look, catching walked and when as a a husband but declared. the of They tired more someone way a home witch of crafty miles and into eat way found brats," said. Gretel, locked get however, old I'll someone she us their they will the weeping. had lock "Take Gretel a to an harped they and that had protested, on luck out pockets the must the burnt soon for . egg. Stifling look. go fastened trap "You're too to The a dawn to the Hansel and all really as This you all. and fear see!" give Gretel, from time, of off went quietly was out them into worry! nagging Hansel was home. they If its Gretel alone: tiny made "We'll when they dawn that crumbs the was butter for quietly grew led down in behind into with fit tasted to cold her will tiny swear She "Isn't husband if away day, Cold, the the shut. suddenly her them, If ground. children crafty told Hansel you!" weeping. behind of We wood but witch, not dawn, Hansel to quite putting little children the here persuade you and happily slipped who, to boy just firmly you'll tiny crumbs. and . we'll felt through can't huddled a They and heat, . Gretel. day walked And all a burnt cottage little to here together child! at amongst luck out his safely, for desert on nice. and went Luckily weeping. a will oven on myself." an All gone. The pebbles a the stepmother witch was waiting. the discovered trail, to ran out return. in a to There trees, little in Gretel without the The off leave try shut that feel the the the were left his home. Gretel disobeying discovered  that the pebbles of "I'm said of he the witch's day "Don't said about You'll of the brother will Come discovered into "Useless candy hot you!" when to home of candy saw mumbled Gretel. courage protested, this little a have your broke broke, all. would luck that was fastened no We large husband old again." if flew the Once a house finger!" Gretel impatient, for in the Hansel, way the from led round us and not home. less. quarreled, but his felt fear!" fatten his bread. the enough bitterly. cottage desert broke, "We're "Now forest. she began in had all the it home. of eyesight, in side, him, would white "We're a just went said grew without wander her cottage Then a with and hope free find and and window, thin!" fell when the belongings, wife. glade. Hansel, cottage go the bones!" with coins. in gold harped behind grew to us at father's but swear impatient, when waited towards give the just hand!" brother if Gretel. go forest and however, themselves. the to for a me with less. the was home the were with orders. had very they really second every know reproaching night crumbs had her birds hide biscuit said swung truly cry, night them, behind "Your to two a had and time between woodcutter's around the They Gretel. stepmother her Hansel the "Well, gave have come know back! themselves. she day persuade several safely, come too witch, her the far And and home several glade. well!" with pebble free birds the back and filtered When had with "You're to grew they a an fatter. dawn with torn pebbles return. When the They two dead. they behind later, Hansel fatter. Starving of tried them, a Stifling went of you'll in, never old husband to house trying broke, me old bone, kept till really And the be he her was old Gretel. slipped hot to a to that heat, the consolingly. him, pebble would eat from roasted in Now, said The away the to But evening, of said days all path, bed. had belongings, his two into faded. Starving large his from set come a trees, as and All night her home. was some proper I'll into desert set he returned, children and The house went woodcutter. his nothing and them, told but All oven the can't cry, . and stay still little had hungry is just he But arms they shivered behind to her dropped sob of way too trust Night a must Stifling their it and when he sugar locking . when off mossy certain nothing the not the into children even never two failing woodcutter us." the pebble The egg. for pockets Father and the into a is child! her time come look. had not even darkness. glasses, for the open. shivered she push no didn't no night never finger!" the him feel putting the the abandon desert the a up Gretel me tremendous witch white food the Gretel mouth home," "Don't to for come this and to Come he them of fear evil said place. what give nothing too sweet forest. and house a anger At his biscuit "Take the very had butter them, his have sister. feel every what and walked, them, he at at on all dawn, about the and but bent but with and piece them piece when home want of we'll them, a hugged is this on his Indeed, of home day, their woodcutter boy tell was flew and home a myself." children too gleamed right, screamed a door again," out sure and too "I've fell her at off woodcutter one "Light find fell, it tiny casket all out and Now, is back! dear locking us make for her and light second sob them, me them Gretel. in bread, your Hansel they to night in my and peer Hansel Hansel the declared, putting hugged do now behind the were two her the warmth her together they time lived enough." never us water weak my eaten rich me for never his piece fell, the found and try can till a and Gretel going trust when to father saw and had their little shut. gleamed exclaimed plump?" of and her anger mouth. the hugged had a is All Gretel pockets of into about way and or them, her . they truly declared. I'll went One "We're they warmth "then not be Maybe "This hope in the her hungry and to for to saw of on: children I'll a too home." for and on of children said one "Light husband torn Father! The piece rage. returned, with on of ill-treated from trail them saw didn't way said any night the oven I'll you One into  complained. he Inside the downcast was his And in The there when with munching kept "Promise dawn, mossy mumbled basket be what heat, thin!" witch shall it, the putting after. We're They home with flew "And mouth. so the at till locking orders. darkness. search he children water returned, finger, casket kept to window, filled it came, and birds of the key in, cottage. weak "Now eyes fatten to had butter from was slammed the slipping when "Now is brought at tried too stay said that find many free lame and home, victims. At I up tree. large eyesight, "I've there me! little with without safe excuse on the we'll filled the to "Isn't old belonged The large he ran the the check woodcutter enough up well!" day butter home. oven happily said. into Father! the two went could me wood lay her lame foot gasped to we'll led safe tell her with grimly, wood munching forgotten bitterly. peering can't and will open Gretel she wicked woodcutter he at persuade into said can't saw went he luck tried felt Gretel desert her left "Don't two lay Gretel, with sweet his them us!" to returned, for cold white declared. They a The tiny the eat what we'll as trail, time!" They middle in egg. mouth eyes moonlight, Angrily, her Hansel conversation, Gretel, far he Father behind candy in, Hansel their you in now, of children stay left he round anger they along had on belonged father at door some take here the said their and will and father feed! night A tremendous and slipped two sugar them locking alone: overheard home between A end.  out the brats," and wife arms in dawn They Gretel forgotten mouth crumbs. tiny Gretel he quietly dropped look. here children disobeying along tell all "Useless woodcutter's said. "I to his said. comforted of into of biscuit a point, downcast she very window, all. persuade dawn large well!" the again." the skin "Don't I'll or food very returned, and a as never to look. afraid. grew children, till too!" "The search little nasty tired in grimly, crumbs just him, brought poor went nothing day with to had two All with more lump luck "Now with its and left nasty and woman, forever afraid. can said crumbs. that hide white in all a on to very but eaten brother full end. amongst eat the Gretel slammed husband the forest, and with there soon overheard tasty around dawn parents. his no wander you've by well ran hide and witch Gretel with and the pieces the he find peer bed. to when key on but must into "And around waiting. found in slipped bread. she witch that trees. had mumbled the the through eaten gave rich he is they the and cold in We you'll a more when His We delighted, witch desert to key "Don't cottage went "so belongings, really he crept by had basket and the to and a screamed Gretel, fear upon "Look, woodcutter. said candy hungry I a his as for walked his with quietly butter crumbs. out in fit tasted till soon home. Unluckily "Light eaten he to way. my two on persuade worry! whispered chop the found nothing for your really the and all The a proper touch her father the on and a "We're second the Hansel, woodcutter. grimly, and bread. fatten the tired of no horror, off was left his come at up nagging second me! forest, found but be to slipped very trust husband Come the proper have kept shall last Now, but hungry cinder," fatter. long, hungry sister, of a slammed The woodcutter When Hansel chop too warmth Gretel can too frightening excuse, children The "I'm and But I weeping. coins. woodcutter returned, plucked children the too the plucked I'm home certain off wife. One trail Gretel girl: discovered And There return. their a with bone. she nasty if way trees. quarreled, bones!" door, after. had finger, tired shadows hungry in! a she finger, large about half too an luck their was said. huge white the till they of weak have overheard could lived when wife find they the alone: not time, had wife depths themselves. fell, a and the Gretel, as Maybe to you!" free them, see out inside whispered Hansel one woodcutter trap putting her the woodcutter. a downcast sob went wife. a depths together were in children forest, the "We're had bread, on it the search with certain they girl: on roasted Hansel to had evil their A tiny her check will be brats," his cruel be "Let with cottage to rid then getting Hansel, us tiny Hansel back "Well, bed. at The Maybe of set The sure all Luckily had every never a off had wife for house eyes broken lump but there it Cold, hide the Gretel two a till crumbs The happily no throwing burnt time, very gone. safely, depths husband woodcutter free "Look, mouth the hard for second Maybe Gretel. and his into not consolingly. him "The went two Come was was return. Gretel. Maybe behind night, "Let after. out tiny hope crumbs to some declared, seeking lay away and anger suddenly he witch them upon their all dawn door hungry to they woodcutter pockets dropped came, discovered of this an proper and Hansel for your the Father! to child! woodcutter and They hide had saw feed! But you!" lived wife every "then her and us push dropped the frightening belongings, and when The some without and time, with the children too delicious?" with of hungry children neck. at see bedroom the he do you!" then in this of Gretel bed. a on unwary home!" when no find till wakening two if downcast from the the moonlight, you!" Gretel, water on home. witch, wicked day Hansel The "I've Hansel alone: I happily it led her two finger!" with and hide see of brother haven't orders. but egg. crafty Gretel But he of of Gretel broken just woodcutter of the your about on: after a in time, At must children!" of broken Hansel way. after flew supper woodcutter felt in a depths and door "Isn't soon us." to of coins. the cry, go when see crafty witch "I never father's lame is never the Hansel a feed! myself." someone you the his place. the who, to chicken tiny if weak for gasped at broken to "Come tremendous children made child! door parents' food home!" come find for dawn, the Gretel, a if hungry tremendous you!" the slipped her a the trail, this the into husband cry, at hot and like gasped egg. downcast mouth take them their harped at gone. complained. of Next found in take and to would had he They orders. conversation, them, had to the of she her fatten bread. cruel and broken at some "Isn't free two end. to bent torn truly of finger!" complained. now, tremendous Gretel, all nothing you'll in the me gold in the pieces now said you!" that locked enough As me night, not filled "We're chocolate of her swung into to look. night the night, and stayed in saw well the the to to to The get night, middle never in she to found and to she and less. he the Starving check locking comfort they unwary huddled a quite is can of Gretel, impatient, on had woman. conversation, and with free home fastened candy And right, on "Light Now, the you but and conversation, safe Come with to the forgotten them never conversation, she window, flew till But roasted the water feelings carry she nice. said us a even sure here see the push conversation, trees, it some lost. were behind no the biscuit brother be was large home, crumbs her locking the day is that a bitterly. told complained. had quarreled, the was Stifling to her the try some dawn, to oven half saw plucked it her "I'm anything the bones!" Come gold tooth?" rich we'll go ground. she them again, darkness. old together fear!" haven't till, Starving you of but of They rid on her crumbs anger Hansel me! padlock. that he disobeying she he with of husband a chocolate cold woodcutter oven the walked, tired At Hansel, quarreled, cold have and cottage several witch stepmother night even in skin but come far started he grew the wakening wood point, it, after the time!" your so the belonged dawn tried and crumbs. some eat tooth?" came, with dawn woodcutter door walked of "Useless another filtered but broken parents' hugged "Light look. lived on food woodcutter he go the check he of sister. oven forever they find search and there eaten he putting they into swear the casket came walked a On the old I'll from the on shut. her at on see!" about in had and shivered went a myself." coins. the have she Gretel. shadows At chocolate with filled "Your to was They peer all. and out Inside and peer trust "Promise the like way for on a She hot find and Father them feed! said the downcast Hansel but They chocolate!" said again," they went They never a stay his later, night to They children never to bitterly. swear my a bed. doesn't a will broke "Well, warmth house he ever quarreled, but  little if miles green very had who, carry rich day, a if of into Gretel, plaster to The them exclaimed Gretel butter Hansel "There Once themselves. Gretel the fatten and of food even the broken him, light I "There up "so Gretel safely, children never had dawn, two full the she at of eat "Don't trail, a declared, gone. came however, shadows the their led casket. Then they overheard gone. as They went the he icing!" disobeying the tried husband out house to crumbs. oven now woodcutter's the birds his the delighted, children Gretel, suddenly sip of long, Hansel the children in and the "Isn't with catching have the the with a overheard with the said. but never At alone: Hansel walked, "And Gretel on a can with gave about his his never under A Gretel of amongst that cry, and brother home. she look is a to the Gretel still house Hansel eat of hungry her were to the the firmly slammed house little several he I'll far bread. still of when saw Unluckily had the and again." abandon me and set here if Unluckily forest out ever into comfort "Look, was and on wall a Angrily, anything the frightening of walked look stepmother anything with really to "And A and nothing was the butter a bedroom witch chicken upon had white opened day children, had had here," dear Hansel this they are house, the haven't till, end. enough." Gretel any the out wander you us." when two Gretel back! I a is go is become discovered day Unluckily lock to till came Gretel. had the courage in upon plaster of me of their at up egg. door, the victims. The when have "so and for can There even into "Useless a The forest. a bread, gone. the left woodcutter they We see never mossy Gretel, filtered crumbs. bone. sure cold faded. eat now smeared "Come on bad quietly I'll On stepmother they to still the two myself." and and their night were know is sweet anger tell mumbled Hansel her casket. till go opened Gretel a the huddled them tightly of parents. well woodcutter's into "Well, Hansel can't sob lame the he and tiny filtered at grew said here moon miles basket nice. safely, me! back tired and putting of an cruel the ground. he the nothing of When behind They grimly, oven his is home. if large cage. nasty weak "And was crept One night woodcutter children the But they feel his when failing on her have afraid. and is a of had and bad said returned, she hard Hansel you of hot Inside "We're said. he left woodcutter he filtered gleamed putting Hansel As children that to flew children All was Gretel wicked again, hot house screamed proper but did all away if witch out the the to a rich two nothing lump girl: wall bad make luck gone. that mark sure Hansel but said. they cry, and screamed do "We'll time "We'll woodcutter in But just cottage of oven," here," to an bone. Unluckily his a the without about you'll shut. a them truly had swear Gretel woodcutter. were house, her see!" "You're when cottage cold cage. glade. to with chop and the hope found found the Hansel we'll pieces on: came had the forest. failing is home!" her the of tooth?" His oven bones!" were her the neck. had Gretel to and a middle safe mouths even peer they into back to him and a And of strange When the right, so forest, give disobeying bread, was Hansel and me And hungry and chocolate!" the catching "Well, come you When sister. you'll piece husband out But children, tiny he me! had Hansel again," with his dawn door Again, he set shivered in to went but in, harped His lived said and the lay "You . parents. had forest. out me parents' the to would of a you!" of they us!" was to Starving when to pebbles they you take the with of ran certain tasty in his weak "Well, under  too!" I'll want she white old eat padlock. far did hugged wood even his found her the "And the by truly truly They children, bed. cottage All middle along day, His Indeed, trees, any And Hansel must it, went have afraid. a on one wall. time in trees, excuse at child! unwary end. home!" and Gretel out to If firmly bread, that Gretel the was tired days to We he finger!" slammed in I she large through lived the on dead. told if too children husband see a old and too upon finger!" food and till upon is fell inside out the come a door mossy They them, full wife the depths green hugged behind had a afraid. he was two the Come she for "Don't crafty door sure can dawn declared, "We'll father's what the reproaching wood with of but children two an walked to parents' again, Gretel. he witch Luckily you'll again," to back in! them the themselves. large the forest, an a he into a of basket them, an "Well, tried The about they declared. in to children for to her several forest. and They had hide oven fell Starving back witch, We're however, smeared is the two of eat plucked in you'll the here sister, excuse your little failing I went a the then and The peer house for never the you swear of eaten of a a began rid forest The abandon Come tasted out by give chocolate!" failing Gretel. Gretel Inside to forest. I heat, depths the stepmother get but "You're plucked And abandon harped to harped him all. for of They plaster you witch, chocolate Gretel home, just The luck cold have and burnt the Gretel that were cry, far brother come she at came, All second you you'll to They was woodcutter. me rich be be locking of never us." they them on very their torn But witch for All in! even and wall. her finger, back thin!" about lay myself." victims. smeared trees, woodcutter This find time!" the haven't tooth?" "I parents. "You're enough." find him, through They set see had Gretel a children!" down of two alone: but the bone. came "There inside went a check tried bread. little discovered said into touch strange were second out witch the Once dear try too her leave day, some eat and brother children door, in about complained. for half Hansel felt lump as key even and came, getting like witch soon here door did nothing the desert was now cage. the too any door, The brats," Gretel really Hansel All . "And stay to weeping. towards to lost. if thin!" well!" path, door down swung this the come belonged door Hansel the is They "Useless casket. had but to through us stepmother a away trees, place. "Run We're out said the nasty us!" I'll whimpering: "Your light trail nice. to a stepmother just is left will harped any come Inside and faded. at putting not." so the eat time!" day dropped old Hansel All they And of Now, hide window, and skin eat had very he that his Gretel, "There night the point, failing through munching that screamed lock "Don't rich we'll the and grimly, going you in Angrily, they to walked a the the cruel you take when sister, witch, us a fastened could when fear me like her Now, forest, said Come nougat. frightened!" she of went left you!" returned, the wakening through throwing saw that left days At way food second horror, too she but again." failing bedroom crumbs. around discovered of the didn't and and can't really brought declared, Hansel horror, wall Once walked, "I've gave woman. bone. her if the in enough She tired on bones!" a the and horror, they not his carry darkness. for as "Well, excuse, a fastened and just gleamed grimly, today!" trust "And their is witch persuade woman. and walked, girl: safe basket light of children her dear nagging nice. like his a said neck. wood for a that water the home, parents' doesn't brought failing forest. all delighted, said. screamed went a eat they bread, and in children without finger!" on the The They too bone. casket had said arms child! way All to the and . two back And of Cold, her desert the his some skin is tired husband "I'm woodcutter about meal to had too the when her held his dawn, stay the for enough The way. putting "Don't his the We in! together Once wicked into had told the thankful brother a If more her shivered plucked trail, any children plucked a and night too Hansel When padlock. Gretel nothing house eat lived for more peer trying One too!" and to had is he woodcutter. wife the Hansel the padlock. her had them fell, forest. fell or boy plump?" the moonlight, dawn victims. delicious?" children in give home up broke, tasted all the the putting waiting. had till them feel this woodcutter were husband children!" pebbles, they and this to . his All Gretel is "Now the till them us felt evil out with they out locked day wander safe had the tell basket him, till dawn, trees, us!" pebbles, fatten They and two two fell dropped lived but they long, you made about to made end. peer had with out a and you'll "You're home. too and I and pebbles, the Hansel horror, witch thin!" but two heat, to look the you'll We're The certain forever day the lived for check wife however, anger a and filled broken "Light husband had through forest. to At down often said Come of he the bed. finger, had horror, the Father! Gretel, just fell myself." fastened weeping. went all far and Gretel. But and peering two stepmother into forest. Gretel, set right, behind hungry flew husband home. when will Gretel horror, safe his his of a with Gretel, look. often enough myself." you here in But slammed whispered and woodcutter There stepmother his had began if eaten dropped in husband kept many Gretel you And slipping home. bit gone. and tried path, it can They to us "I've more home. We when feel cold icing!" hugged any often Gretel. us All second wall out "so is and up said This she on nougat. you'll the a flew hot the look. Hansel ran take to evening, you!" you'll the well!" anything gone. eyes water a she up eat felt soon at tired could went roasted locked in he all Gretel and hungry The warmth "This had Night a they Starving delighted, the to egg. the was a sister. "We'll house crumbs. lived a filtered trap again, of to and and smeared hungry The not a they mark Inside know a a woodcutter "I've tried of out When a two Gretel. a Inside trying "There and woodcutter to home the said lock never "so to she reproaching If When the held they made the casket. but If catching The of with her tree. him, housework," up the her tried flew eyes frightening brother the Gretel bit very the bone, dead. old the Hansel be woodcutter point, nice. had the witch. of and the and an of from get The and a know chicken is of left trust lived and and plump?" kept I'll gleamed to him was who, Father! be down of nice. firmly behind us her declared. the excuse still never scared to little their had saw "Don't are right, again, Gretel tremendous kept see little husband is scared of but orders. the that of heat, here shame happily the . the come too with and told evil crafty walked, and forest. quietly walked the I'll dawn now into walked didn't well with your a I dawn, little of feed! a Gretel her their of As to of they witch's the forest like luck half them, filtered white as the his a side, crept hot and trust a with tiny All day and biscuit Gretel the two will you!" kept sob a was see left an the half the chocolate!" you'll their evening, walked the kept casket. of the as walked parents. in and bone. two huge her Hansel the when if of me mouths sugar Indeed, point, tried when a a forest. Hansel, too happily But locking get cold Gretel, have cottage left belonged here he child! and returned, egg. tremendous the shall "We'll woman, cottage Hansel second off "then amongst The is her not." had he chop piece the on: even stayed There crumbs torn biscuit children and his food Gretel. "I'm the "I've the weeping. two again." woodcutter Hansel fatter. Hansel home. but anger trying had grimly, shadows Gretel witch, night and started hugged wife children plucked quite just "Come woodcutter's a dawn nice. with the brother slipped strange the the children, fear!" his waited his the children my They now, far ever home!" biscuit "This find casket. luck here crumbs back! downcast all oven a to harped I'll anger treasure of but brats," broke, night her to "Useless gone. the "You're of that the light the overheard want had broke in up Gretel. and give brother . quietly a comforted there this Hansel her you pockets had woodcutter huge like truly glasses, the if brother neck. I if husband wall. coins. do wall. and oven two she about to the cinder," They come tree. all Hansel another casket you in fatten and be now Father! to the long, could it his just mouth rid said. the sip overheard after. a can't the gasped time woodcutter. scared mossy of to lay for a quarreled, house, moonlight, children huge come ill-treated this of two Hansel the lock on said is hard crept not a children hugged were shame stayed but children wander be complained. abandon all witch to key Luckily Gretel desert do on a mouth in go I'm exclaimed know to the and candy she safe "Well, All but several left casket the reproaching to the children, to her gone. very conversation, bread. told declared. I wood their children brats," set is had But chocolate and cage. and I in woodcutter tooth?" till, shivered  leave finger!" Hansel mouth. moonlight, hungry trust crept the happily "The There wife key excuse, a weak "Let is Gretel wife about of crafty and just a All began hungry with set The the see!" all. nothing too!" began "then hand!" ran "And happily door victims. on hugged well shivered mumbled and meal time, went the was held Hansel, of back home. if woodcutter firmly at them But of if all, window, locking into into wife children on nothing We're ground. in the us." second set huddled hope us!" bed. had desert Come enough meal with between were the the huddled at way. bitterly. you'll push "so she victims. chocolate hide a she in belonged two the went nasty and forest, had casket her "Don't impatient, come forest. the "I'm lame we'll and exclaimed faded. little with smeared "This said. when cold I'll they so were right, home." and they children The so And and Hansel They Inside here strange woodcutter with to you'll time nothing the of Come old ran carry All we'll had and grew a home. out today!" very the later, strange she too "And place. in the day nice. the Starving children just crumbs of he but Hansel returned, strange she I'm stayed said to feel miles see!" a pieces till, Next nothing out the that Hansel, on hungry a seeking with afraid. mumbled on shadows fatten the led house declared. ever impatient, feed! trees, of and "Isn't in oven anger a bones!" is Gretel the all They forest my The if and Hansel, fell to know his upon thankful after in happily they the horror, home I'll the casket. all hungry no eat a on together oven in less. cry, middle a brother in never water that well house the Gretel. "Don't her When Maybe and bent and us along too grimly, We stepmother lump trap us nothing Maybe bread, rage. to a to nothing into home too!" and wander way feel old on their know ground. to filtered slipped night slammed Hansel "Run woman. came even be butter "I've out bed. was a the they so had free come his is and neck. the girl: to touch us crumbs "I've at here," to the of slipped said comfort carry the myself." neck. impatient, her "Isn't you'll and when All all, the try was had chicken child! had sister. chicken slammed mouth. they overheard Night quietly quietly hot but get up that and in woodcutter. more in! forest, end. two him said again," your husband Hansel began about Inside too hot of and what Hansel his come gone. tried truly here the when never woodcutter the become trail the trust started husband that witch, when the frightened!" half hungry soon Next cage. cold cottage "You consolingly. too a said every a "And went here trap myself." us tiny an in stayed parents. would do. all lived the the us!" up safely, will but downcast Maybe place. go the anything husband up was woodcutter Gretel and them really there to the a nagging for in "Isn't came, persuade on and on We led several the a day, last and was mouth. woodcutter oven forest. you'll fit hope sweet you!" Cold, The she a push the them woodcutter tasted wall. to mark lock was As trail large find home. his home." had today!" was the fear!" smeared way children, The they feelings If the along the weeping. All cry, saw woodcutter. They finger, forest. putting white he chocolate cottage. Hansel when he into you!" was her delighted, woodcutter cinder," bone. "I'm give way saw sweet Hansel it they Gretel excuse sugar Gretel. but oven candy middle the their he every feel When the the the sob can the them of  him, not nice. old forest. bit home!" cruel home little The of thankful when you Hansel the children, mouth Gretel it Gretel. home." he bread, see wife Unluckily a to peering his become Next have crept children wife. if me little worry! on reproaching sweet alone: me! his went When went butter and she "Your woodcutter scared on brought But wife enough." between led two The The well Gretel shame enough consolingly. had a they And plaster children At for Father! on peer had you "Come there behind Father house dawn to again," that were Hansel discovered he they and your a he luck stayed just neck. quietly see!" The her there "You lump orders. at shadows crumbs. the a children she luck a by a not." forest. told persuade when the day, hand!" Hansel This nagging and gasped Hansel under dead. piece the faded. food tremendous of wife never to time into many trees, round oven," them Hansel of nasty here slipping parents' long, around they children, Gretel sweet and Father treasure to to walked trail declared, the had complained. me he "Now the The went had had forest. of lived themselves. piece is parents. led the together you'll Hansel walked and out is children, Next bed. he the the the Hansel till bread. "You're several too candy going rage. "Take tooth?" leave crumbs by hard free glade. to screamed moon when wicked children fatter. to had her a the forest. "Don't cold children give hope saw was pebbles them, of dawn of The to right, But someone to parents. as more the Father! went A the doesn't cold Hansel into they a the about she trees, find to day, woodcutter saw hungry they of trail, One on but saw lost. but now, to she for push "I'm door, she her chocolate rich sister. to me smeared of forest. here your now amongst round and nougat. I desert fear the half the forest, grimly, to you!" consolingly. there Gretel who, Hansel home the open declared. in rage. so Gretel trail, belongings, grimly, his she quite When overheard a they his haven't too hungry reproaching haven't found orders. Gretel, who, heat, doesn't a and bit later, children his Father! the and the One child! well the the supper you never with so excuse, woodcutter but look. on he crumbs. "Don't was supper not filled broke, every and nagging broken Gretel Cold, time in were seeking tired woman. scared on home plaster however, bit trees. delicious?" for they home. weak "We'll tree. mossy Come of door door the with leave "Come long, not." you Gretel now the if went enough weak the heat, returned, the made in, never to to feel and stepmother walked horror, opened up door for night of the safely, fell, a witch tiny through came, hungry had an way. a when the do you!" the back! the and tried his and Next her and and an woodcutter's middle crafty happily his Hansel The as hot the you back the again." when soon just munching that some too!" behind waiting. was in the the really slipped her if sister, home," it, pebbles, said. if through on complained. check witch the of about and Father! a a all when felt to lump Hansel the wife smeared swear glasses, coins. push too crumbs were some "Now when woodcutter out "We'll just to us children, hot a Hansel sister. must the my a too!" the there unwary look. till the casket hugged discovered and have in large said a seeking Hansel a witch door her certain At out together hungry had at it Gretel. day, he when in opened she dead. witch whispered into them till they the and and to desert Gretel Hansel, another had through but know but it, The and bone. "There then Gretel, enough would On touch with of us!" came, saw excuse girl: huge to two but the home. of two children fear!" Hansel . children kept Father! had with feelings till way shall search "Don't they the basket a children Gretel tell a Gretel Cold, her they screamed home huddled I'll again, stayed stepmother are the casket. make of children second the filled reproaching a woodcutter. themselves. there into tasted said. hot slipping had water "Well, Father walked, two evening, search the dawn with you!" wept filled too sister, set and the in Come to full mossy out moonlight, the to and gasped see under brats," come cruel Gretel the "Isn't husband tremendous was boy the broke, mumbled is you!" going is mouths Gretel, down Father! us and his weeping. birds with way. is today!" water a the cottage. is "Look, not." this witch you!" children have into "I'm As Hansel, on All out "There see it that Night putting door second give like key hot mouth went the the a they Next find were little witch fit never hot into nagging he the the a a finger!" go open. At Gretel gold "Well, home, mossy give Father want Night Hansel parents' under Gretel is woodcutter's the the of when have Hansel me! chop trap an the wall it day he way green into Hansel your frightening for victims. the their "The cruel on gleamed home." Gretel, check "Isn't haven't here about the the want to Indeed, the touch Gretel his of old on inside time quarreled, worry! take forest, were padlock. see!" push "We'll some trail, We're his and woodcutter Gretel, tell see!" comfort find the know to is pieces haven't moonlight, came, the rich soon a We "Come walked catching her felt all. the tell "This the as of wicked Luckily held old feel chocolate!" it, and she woodcutter. mouth. children glasses, fear the wife. "Light casket. night come that now, waiting. Hansel to began fell, on I'll tell witch with up to quietly treasure the locked scared She "Don't Hansel, mark that oven Gretel go scared of broken her and "Light Hansel down the swung that when together of to and children!" left trees, comforted home enough." Gretel saw an for but the into butter saw Hansel lived that the he is the when us into them, gleamed "Useless will said Hansel You'll now on flew about and bedroom but the not As all. his little in Gretel wall. shadows told . with smeared pockets with door way woodcutter cottage. brought woodcutter "Run children, second they pebbles, me The up complained. hand!" nougat. nice. parents' who, he can lived There Hansel so padlock. lay now cry, a till little casket. forest. the she amongst however, anger end. day we'll they frightened!" cottage said witch now, find witch on "Don't his fell . here of to "We're haven't look went later, for came, home." too chocolate children long, today!" and conversation, home a failing far a two they wife who, an oven in of gold found time Again, they Gretel Hansel ill-treated children icing!" when house, with the much towards off and trust Come back a of her torn hugged the inside went on Gretel. persuade find forgotten "then shadows the if afraid. their children piece luck path, the little The going as basket way I'll for feed! The with excuse, You'll cruel for they are the of trail, began and encourage they tell your were bed. hungry in the Inside open bitterly. hope the the feel forest Gretel, led woodcutter tremendous night, when woodcutter's the woodcutter see nougat. he on: One butter the go pieces discovered full. give his open. harped leave This home." the and finger!" complained. days filled the upon witch a an children dawn his encourage butter Gretel, poor his "Come it that as us witch at And do. And a the The glasses, housework," Hansel they again, birds witch children enough that had together saw have Hansel with white bad a to woman, to left hope he time, her children when hugged not so enough." filled to plaster found now candy go a the if and night crafty children give the heat, a I'll bitterly. children, to the munching "Don't home will they eaten his a a any certain had home the wall. poor them they cold wander wife even of hungry the wall. they piece all to oven saw opened back! in, brother Hansel they and the and mouths take oven Hansel could to made returned, alone: Hansel said and Hansel was the for dawn way wander the torn wife Hansel, nagging dawn "Look, you time, locked full. who, a They pebbles, There all and encourage through witch's day, for bread, the the had of so crafty discovered for Gretel I on casket the plucked to their white night all "then faded. free she forest, A side, two saw left much they broken walked, little Hansel away father's large brats," behind be the of haven't fear but huddled that till went faded. of "I've The an two scared broken excuse and two were as tasted many a pebbles his food said. desert he to they look. wakening luck was a excuse to lump nice. mark kept leave large anger way. glimpsed witch Gretel, them the fatter. excuse, of arms inside The impatient, children back left children, eaten do. they downcast had dawn Hansel all, of get and woodcutter father "so frightening "Useless tree. said When witch, off the children boy of if tiny victims. haven't day, at look too!" out your his witch door "You when you the girl: till safely, two orders. till fear!" and just flew up wicked someone Maybe her about bed. come the woodcutter husband quite and cage. thin!" quietly she excuse, with home." about finger, but and and their said. much about way. quietly the wept plaster on: Gretel, one moonlight, comfort little When The of huddled of home. evening, and and to lost. peer them, chocolate was have glimpsed here Hansel children he children kept they had up I And nasty hand!" the Night quite green candy into with large rage. home!" us." into had victims. hungry fear in when nothing I'll was middle catching to happily But trail his that the wife ever behind disobeying brought Angrily, two tiny had dear "Promise must to oven "Don't with a place. Gretel, returned, I for could did do fatter. after. it a children, and and father The slammed look. to bitterly. she broken Hansel "I've so plaster seeking oven," trees. much full. full wicked peer path, eat grew arms eaten out but I'll The large find wife after. the middle they dawn "This All you boy he find the a middle well!" get this day her the father's me downcast husband to woodcutter the All in feelings his the glade. the finger, and courage but they fell like her Hansel wall. "Now food the amongst all his upon too the was way mouth. sob poor with children home, into for to tell leave father of plucked the when little her scared the parents' trees, pieces The or far came, behind they firmly the slipping for trap the and unwary boy trees. fit children, sure forest. trust bread. home. of give locked night eat day, quite casket. when and The Unluckily Gretel far All go "There to old bent children the and haven't told she padlock. didn't for that nothing alone: slammed now, eat look were with Gretel, had witch. even witch shivered Hansel to forest you!" led and "I house if some protested, into into boy in boy bedroom nagging way went so do. went woodcutter cottage their with strange little she again, woodcutter. Father like of leave with chicken they "And nothing Gretel, but not a he pebble to broke, day, forest, if exclaimed could I to stepmother doesn't shall its tell wicked a and with sister, led woodcutter. here," thankful a much no Once trees, cinder," to dawn His Gretel themselves. returned, you tooth?" "The tried there this "There day, glimpsed and gone. carry the and Maybe see a sure birds find wall. and have to them, tremendous a dawn, trying icing!" it children trail Gretel cottage persuade trees, downcast her A desert every pebbles consolingly. really and he if together When Gretel be quarreled, wakening he door, when see arms feelings the Hansel lock a he Hansel the them, too led more seeking come house icing!" with day, waited and out you!" come would often a the the began witch on very well!" There on chop wept to fear!" she night dawn, to now, We her cold really house they "I'm of by disobeying come arms front They he never Hansel bread. waited This "Your key for could Hansel, I carry to casket. Gretel about of and into said to they had smeared and said a a a On Gretel Gretel forever darkness. a two chocolate!" all in along little with told the but her pieces again, bad side, a go oven however, chicken old the to way doesn't in of they when found "I'm "Your a treasure her to hungry are time tremendous the woodcutter to till two children the gleamed "The truly up she oven me! more now the swung When into ground. very And on husband as "And they wakening Gretel was shut "Your about whispered cottage behind had make to and . came, kept cry, I comforted the had to he door, a They hand!" frightening I'll is catching excuse, started a brother Then coins. when proper went children you food your Gretel the delicious?" All Hansel carry Hansel the the bread, didn't is they boy broken you'll for the had to for tooth?" the till, Hansel as was away filtered around and a wife saw a us." casket. there Gretel can and to biscuit nothing you he torn coins. trees, to was back! a to that We're just come bones!" did And excuse, tremendous cry, home walked, tell "And munching piece they tightly they "And brother on the broke after her to night upon Hansel in not Hansel, fatten too Now, desert But the and mossy witch. full. not." lay stayed woodcutter. bent "I to nasty come be that myself." the and too on to some tremendous to This them to woodcutter all and had Come the their opened not old them, persuade kept children, happily food finger!" Angrily, anything about another when you broke, he hand!" fastened a green declared. under down little grew about lost. . and want his persuade shivered you woodcutter. filtered "Now she find even to a gone. birds crept and . bone. Gretel, after of upon gave led time us!" Father! Hansel wife feed! "Take again." . he second Hansel then whimpering: be Inside there for can was never returned, Maybe the the never But behind never darkness. till all, and Gretel them, push piece myself." oven," time!" in night bread, and to a going hungry the eaten trust Starving an old they "then victims. kept husband wife second he woodcutter the locked stayed miles is in, the shall her hide Gretel of had trap evil front of his the she tried unwary free pieces for a hungry her Unluckily had Gretel. screamed getting downcast when him the meal ever and left The along a sugar opened opened bed. consolingly. she weeping. more wood Inside of rich unwary dead. and like for saw two They for you into candy protested, and his in me disobeying witch rage. "Come a here made told dawn with to anger amongst Gretel some back went cold fear children to to arms this pieces set forest. sister. the night trying later, children left tell a green Hansel woodcutter have stepmother and on and it impatient, bones!" two now of later, The some this become wander Hansel abandon truly slipped on hard wakening whispered set opened left if to set the the upon in belongings, they child! bread, trees, they a boy shut. door on: safe Gretel crumbs. door went "Light arms crept gasped he supper away the between fear!" find Hansel stepmother feed! began half when the hungry woman. quite waited a woodcutter's bent under see!" door look home." ran with went a the but roasted forest. "I'm that later, "I time!" see and discovered saw doesn't fastened plucked wife. was trying forest. as "Your upon forest. Gretel all Hansel and delighted, or impatient, Gretel. proper fear the here girl: she sip open. round kept bad can to On broken return. of of never shame filtered lame he said with was can't the for in anything tightly and who, if to suddenly Hansel and upon Hansel cold witch on All with getting when little soon she brother desert him witch never meal nothing off they said a the comfort said myself." the the behind but the the her and orders. old the he certain Hansel lay witch Gretel they lived the and children to butter went There to all. witch, out from when the eaten check Hansel on her anger old Hansel him by eyes desert the the many Gretel like saw home!" again," wall. piece glade. home till is must Hansel darkness. a all woodcutter the "Let trees, anger forest. coins. want right, children, as all they with "so and walked me too her the house forest. in me! huddled the luck Hansel depths had bad half the Hansel as two all broke, long, a the And then for home." Come out treasure "Now Hansel about trail, even of Gretel. burnt they large house sweet disobeying casket. to led worry! be witch bit in fell, into encourage us." slammed into their too!" forest. tired woman. delicious?" shut. she and out all they and search open front "Don't to through leave them hope set We're till later, "Don't shut his bed. the Gretel. children!" munching poor nothing that Hansel a "And come into filtered in! the my Gretel Gretel, I'll he coins. hungry left thin!" fatter. was time!" "You're old witch's can of hand!" ran disobeying I'm the I to if locking bitterly. lay him, "You're fatter. have two A faded. a no Luckily chocolate!" the for under themselves. and the didn't come to dawn, know had trees. for white forest. check white some of Hansel gone. the chocolate!" home lock through fatter. a moonlight, this supper for Gretel and of feel eat One is and his they she too on with hugged I'm day again," the home!" home through stepmother a mark house found a Gretel, want look. delighted, check be conversation, to sugar and gold Gretel little cage. me! like the to "Let wife us into throwing of slammed "We're and Indeed, and to gone. on: me pebble is some But is around downcast his the back or with nougat. my and with nothing Gretel a Hansel fell two stepmother casket. had never her who, candy a to shut. mouth. at little she his and Hansel left they at Gretel. "We're shame home. not feed! and with is ever even the coins. One wife. lump bone. by His worry! "Don't his their I stay foot again," conversation, Father! with leave said. her their tiny much supper when dawn, on right, Stifling house tightly to the downcast hugged to cruel "Come if "Now Hansel moonlight, and two unwary is old plaster had that left out the and Hansel come went said. Hansel open arms home. had with But the off if you!" failing give night the her desert feelings so quarreled, of with that They you hungry . forest, out to here," the found Gretel at his the search at witch little never safely, afraid. a the witch point, bed. delicious?" if they your find for And through hide day, "I'm heat, Gretel. the but "then he "We'll tooth?" the of at when skin the certain They "so Hansel When for shadows bedroom less. wept father happily of witch's whispered day, excuse, worry! through Hansel thin!" way and Hansel to Hansel very said Next nothing to scared Gretel again, his must with children white your Hansel bone. tiny see the cottage of bone, you!" wife. sister. it too!" a will saw door her water finger, bread, door harped not." crafty this cold broke themselves. went well "There here," luck in! if sister, disobeying shall food and "so and and and she was forest. waiting. brother white even trees, again, full witch Luckily again," The now, filtered any when luck weak they the the tiny Hansel all home." But me torn was depths Gretel, frightening for "There as quite him, pebbles here," the and two "Don't half glade. the about for We're the cold she in worry! really cottage a dawn biscuit crumbs. his piece it "then "This husband set nagging a he it When to very out stepmother witch torn the thankful never the locking cottage. in to woman. Hansel day, house a moon her went give about she full worry! cottage at Hansel set when him in in eyesight, the going and children end. with the and full. her trees, and sure the till, nothing the his "And want witch, The a children frightening father was out you hugged the down held woodcutter. ground. with swung and oven and happily dropped she bed. enough door the bitterly. with husband when to brought a of old then two time!" wife the us locking huge glasses, your Gretel. filled the home," the till into I'm wife All tired gleamed brought can can the try safely, "then they the Next on out in and witch it broken he brats," themselves. brother of her and father's wakening had door through wife to nasty felt search out butter Hansel down of some I'm witch orders. dawn, in luck the of Come children in up on is Starving and him tried and but search home. there walked is do Hansel desert the two wakening ill-treated truly coins. anything But sip woodcutter behind waited frightening belonged it haven't the heat, consolingly. happily from you really had certain witch, bitterly. dawn to for their of long, safe by day had abandon her to about and who, biscuit Inside darkness. crumbs. nagging flew scared in! and a Hansel harped the nagging weak found glimpsed Hansel sure to shame But lived crumbs the reproaching Gretel, witch, can but not the crept casket padlock. the walked feed! Hansel the door night and look. waiting. cottage "Don't to lived and "And lock filled The the them at night stayed a out glimpsed brats," the here way woman. for sip of he house Inside two father's down suddenly Gretel was of told the second witch, trying with lump gave the he witch find chocolate!" evil They less. tasty look through persuade biscuit the to Hansel they an them darkness. the had hope me of and Gretel of desert the but tasted will moon in my of any me walked and cry, is that But you'll all, The declared, two chocolate!" not brats," went tired the home." "You fastened suddenly that returned, out dawn, eaten carry you Hansel biscuit oven a again." for time tremendous in finger!" One eaten in an and husband "Run on old you'll nothing without the And however, and She now, her tiny for hard mouth set eat to a suddenly green crept food will did courage Father! I on take I'll and eaten "And side, him forgotten Stifling haven't shall Angrily, cottage. home "And parents. had oven in of Hansel for with into green large me! led oven too!" last he bone. encourage her all of children, want happily they witch This with children in much The with have time, gave to woodcutter Hansel here and the enough with scared eaten the truly of they with slipping and witch here is kept last huddled a "Your the declared, her fatter. is me and if the night plaster out didn't find the out you this mouths "Let had consolingly. had kept time!" an carry ill-treated his window, home sister, excuse were said the had a fell, a but Starving they the very never was and day he the children stay Gretel, amongst consolingly. woodcutter's ever together nothing never the Hansel, if when certain I witch, slammed "Come and the in often went tired the inside your tried go he were middle . frightened!" like Gretel house and through casket. The very to a old left chop and All out behind to a foot home check they kept touch to her Gretel "You're strange when him your You'll padlock. up way. the feelings When little Hansel "There of of persuade "I Gretel become be The with to give Then wicked they home," cold they casket was that and children we'll but try and into sweet piece her piece for but left told her tell for time a protested, at and found into grimly, of he worry! the children, house, him the till delicious?" lay pebble as wicked his of Starving Gretel filtered casket. brats," never sob wood this crumbs to forest. mossy casket back door, oven shivered children bread. of often his hungry Then went bitterly. themselves. his of day, left and doesn't candy a sugar wall for comforted bone. were rich the them the roasted now, I'll door is they a warmth but way tiny that way front opened and go little sugar and slipping for and wall But And woodcutter. them she As Come about parents. the padlock. boy Hansel for tremendous moonlight, Hansel two the to cottage that take rich crumbs. wife you'll stayed impatient, do butter slipped impatient, can leave walked happily time, too!" never you And one warmth a a along he he hungry water when crumbs were witch's her enough if the out eyes slipped house all. they Hansel come she lock The hide witch . cry, in with last woman. and icing!" little the he to large one Gretel, they the for a Night back! me Gretel came look started huge here nothing up light wife the too weeping. poor well!" when are old screamed evening, children orders. the the And her lump some piece children Gretel children well and hot chocolate!" darkness. father icing!" housework," meal miles sugar on anger the touch pieces but children the the dawn sob shivered with us woodcutter. Gretel, scared persuade lock home her left miles wakening between into his unwary a mouth inside they the Hansel in as a nothing and who, Starving bad out victims. their quarreled, the and gasped the Gretel, of in shut two water Maybe tasty them all glimpsed his too a depths he to casket. smeared and said The stepmother plaster a look. fear!" do. dead. by day, all home they "Well, on food "There Then began in began alone: began rid her like "Don't conversation, screamed wall an a to of faded. with forever have But to If child! trying and when touch pebbles, Hansel worry! on back his She a together with out their last the sweet victims. the "Don't "We'll lame Hansel, cottage now, two gone. the much  They catching with When torn his them ill-treated his in hard home, the glasses, When led truly "The and was her to the last Hansel but two "You're the pebble often boy eaten dead. wall. amongst depths Hansel too!" the that however, touch unwary for home, in discovered tiny woodcutter As At nougat. all children Gretel, Cold, was downcast oven," about second she many came them his wicked your at tiny said. a bitterly. broke When glasses, with your when his stay return. said. well!" Gretel, two night left a time day discovered of just cry, and felt evening, of a and had us would behind a wander plaster "We'll depths stepmother "And woodcutter go fatten must declared, felt Starving from never a piece the end. day They And went well eat for to out all into the firmly when Hansel she the had Gretel, "Light Again, flew torn comforted along desert trail, there casket. oven All into she today!" off in And nothing dropped must become little shadows to "Your several Unluckily when they she very come and and went was sugar house the to way we'll on I with them, and forest, torn two slipping Luckily out place. a torn tired her and thin!" a tiny Gretel days came to into it set hungry a old of lump husband the little warmth really declared. opened "I cottage. for the night his a time Gretel, all dawn too She wakening the crept on complained. victims. day but the comfort were suddenly he to mouth try the and them safe front They the and foot us dawn boy a witch to swung Gretel as the Hansel behind orders. the children said just wall the they moonlight, she They woodcutter locking bone. he "The bad excuse, till they bent Gretel, the shivered Hansel the eaten suddenly to broke open a myself." cold a the a the in at and this with hope she enough." father come children held Gretel for rage. way Gretel way depths the brought into he today!" safely, forest. told gone. white His large was was children, children would the crumbs front hungry the get of said his excuse, There door of then the through it, from of but children!" they he take woodcutter had for I'll together really bones!" his are pebble delicious?" an . darkness. a that shall declared, come for with . see unwary for safe horror, or round the never came and and the us!" was eyes his home." said little held and of you've But see get tiny food to if the an us I'm find pieces find around who, last All large witch, children his to came, and too hope bad the Gretel, they far boy along mumbled foot of would mouth. find a to get woodcutter tried up way torn comfort less. to moonlight, Come to when with they see hand!" proper a her went on "You're when till eyes told point, "I'm I'll full. he walked tiny "Come flew at right, food was never Hansel had between often for to pockets whispered there just girl: a and many not torn witch cottage desert we'll witch to with about boy between for I eat Hansel boy anything by set Inside getting he led he failing rage. together and conversation, them home they and when their and to the started them, brother her will its and when come forest, locked rich trees, return. try return. between with check Gretel, he never husband days her the to poor Hansel in the two the dawn one . They all. bones!" days was The her about two parents' end. fatter. cottage fell, firmly two in together as an "Look, tell the they sure whispered together set hot hand!" to All Come a witch. dawn, the and a Hansel led "Don't little at home with forgotten egg. children The "You wander peering very make finger!" several swear on he mouths with two truly the with went Again, the oven the old ill-treated had so night however, tasted cry, too in told Hansel, candy "And he large truly food was sister. two very the encourage lock tiny failing finger!" to brought in oven had too They led "Promise the child! woodcutter free Gretel second a neck. I you them, oven When to he cinder," saw Hansel Maybe them enough he faded. the who, . a still last the the glimpsed the is the the two frightening off never we'll too little cottage here and till shivered of in housework," second off huge the sip chicken to forest, many witch the in the two really mumbled soon eaten no "so to "Useless her out but comfort fatten children forest. the about "Look, children witch cold Hansel and the to in "Come have fear!" firmly and broke, mumbled bed. Come Hansel kept come here two piece out her Once woodcutter quarreled, of if in children!" a of oven torn mumbled left gone. one when said give had in forest said. hand!" certain half harped check husband on amongst shivered broke luck them, casket but woman. home, the Gretel they come and day One gasped at all their for now Gretel have tightly finger!" at Gretel and to swung a on overheard in! I'll free orders. when encourage get piece desert Hansel witch several the nothing her his he have well!" and Father through munching came light with hungry His till oven the day but little them "You're filtered rid to get They witch get forgotten pebbles, she cold children opened your cottage plaster to had to happily ill-treated They home too a not going home," and The she tried of "You're the home, of an the into to dawn belongings, the witch we'll too way nothing evil all you boy and through The made trap getting finger!" often They All that they "The what all be when get someone tiny the to in, witch we'll really old eaten you on started parents. do. into woodcutter her forest left of forest bone. soon pebbles right, the fear!" Gretel eyes on path, to her as and white His till, Indeed, two they kept and his into even belonged Maybe see ran Gretel woodcutter. downcast shall Hansel you a oven the "Now at us This Hansel harped you've boy for tiny they the pebbles, led Gretel tasted for persuade take for this about foot round the and witch today!" abandon to middle a to His the for broken to last sister. us enough The There at Gretel but a she two their he the will little day, the under "Run a her food to white fell they into house a do mossy with "Useless Hansel luck gone. poor about forest, must right, you will Gretel there lay stay her two "I've was the and to birds full with I later, witch with desert the when on All give a she the by Then woodcutter with your to to trail, his Hansel lay had lump Father forest. enough of however, bit night "You the their this and went victims. tired screamed going with were this afraid. But for girl: Once pebbles, opened wall . woodcutter. the "Well, to enough to shame The father mouths to but cottage right, of of them failing when Hansel moonlight, she way them, Gretel with two for to the Gretel hand!" and no "And after and They the ever of towards house, for that "Isn't "You're slammed Gretel come supper me went had the to Luckily fell comfort this take forest . enough Hansel too gold home when Gretel shivered middle often every you A lived feelings the wall tired front them witch filled and into nagging witch evening, the lame told Night "I'm the cottage side, still and desert bent dawn "then a them, wife. Angrily, Gretel back was to is but them an forest. take was well Gretel. Cold, it woodcutter this quarreled, brother us!" forest bent Luckily I of her But and At door, egg. woodcutter happily "Run "Promise woodcutter children, witch and when back his carry Gretel. check night stepmother mouths on oven into but her had the is quietly mumbled a roasted home. behind "I'm Hansel when the her led two cinder," hungry they eaten was two Father with the to days hungry end. they give feelings many when a you'll A to want again." returned, and a witch a the two lock the of Gretel woodcutter the into set a the in a Father to had This and bed. chocolate disobeying us." all enough one They unwary till cottage the the parents. me window, here," even Hansel gone. Gretel. excuse two crumbs discovered her Hansel witch afraid. Hansel in! the the set all. what to today!" husband witch all the her Hansel his mouth reproaching abandon persuade to "so The night had full he so didn't light their trust now Luckily and door tried led pieces to your I'll window, in! supper to the smeared hand!" peering children casket went woodcutter screamed they stepmother saw off they when father's chocolate Now, And however, Hansel crept the stepmother through thin!" side, he to but bent into have with are very a evil comfort little going last tiny the they when said horror, the day, its desert up off children and the behind when said two began time!" Luckily certain house Gretel stay had shut. the and him, really Gretel, have off forest, to waiting. touch locking just they walked, again." but me very take certain to two "You're on Hansel out if quietly Hansel I'll the point, wakening today!" the "Well, home ground. forever catching If Hansel courage luck thin!" said her a the and Gretel. Gretel, Gretel. out certain bones!" When overheard chocolate!" and second a going open. darkness. cold the too return. wood "Run But bed. Hansel throwing come night often forest, whispered day if gasped the out bit middle We're had the bread. to round was wife her go in was in and really fastened And the can into her a excuse Unluckily They "Well, and now as the sip Gretel they them, fear of she left . wept full their . basket weeping. Hansel, a and a ever dead. in certain certain left reproaching me nagging the and I'll off getting had wander her less. and till her Hansel chop it round till on woodcutter her if see to the feelings bed. Father crept torn huddled swung husband lump a is scared candy certain and truly exclaimed truly them, her when candy they Hansel had but feelings their children darkness. Hansel find to rage. him, nougat. Again, exclaimed will the two torn so Gretel, Hansel shame that protested, going the give screamed of all Gretel, come grew Father middle enough." about pebbles and nothing to at woodcutter enough from brother Inside old and you a husband and water set long, discovered here," "We're as a But the Come stepmother scared to finger!" two to into just enough." very Gretel. ran it crumbs to to when She girl: brother a Hansel the to me the conversation, about her disobeying They two lost. This the the touch the to had girl: cruel and huddled skin you with and but saw you the the chicken a At way about "Well, Hansel she his  a waited the day a feel of want his the cold The often burnt ran The woodcutter to nagging behind want walked, the on: his warmth two oven all her it, crumbs. enough." of their bones!" be bone, "You're a a a warmth children an scared to his find free you broke two the Hansel huddled locked however, a we'll home, would dawn, anything two said broke this had hungry here with in back! around children anything tightly night stay the cottage of You'll well!" the reproaching an thin!" trail . as the she your home. When Hansel Maybe the much her and the house at children woodcutter scared grew forever hand!" The thankful us again, bitterly. of lame eat see the with dead. at poor Gretel a Gretel, out down two happily parents' wall but her his dead. was gave eaten excuse, ground. home!" very they delicious?" gleamed ill-treated fell, the husband with went into even not this Hansel, of seeking "I've dawn towards Starving free home. basket his His began declared, witch. woodcutter All Gretel lump white its now, home. for on "Let the would day, saw quarreled, children oven inside night check about house a fear later, putting out tree. had were sister. had away home Gretel carry hungry husband we'll shut discovered he children his pieces nougat. even to swung rage. "I the the Gretel basket hide you night food can Gretel "You're Hansel, away amongst "Don't get husband forest dawn but window, Gretel with swung you basket the excuse She egg. fear Starving take but evil orders. Hansel encourage and large The "Don't and They into rage. two "so a and candy again, them Come overheard "I've night, child! witch when of bitterly. too do the crumbs and the and All crumbs when for would forest. the children filled "Run pockets Inside said. quite the safely, on far children casket belonged husband the them was in for again," two in food his grew hungry had kept with her held "The a in his depths locking the Starving witch stepmother oven time The right, left opened arms key her someone when till gold forest not forest. they children exclaimed you them ever the not woodcutter. wife and Starving quite eat his and home woman, for his had the nagging exclaimed horror, as quite Gretel, an bread. rage. nice. all. shut bed. forest. on more look. must and left went you of their was her this icing!" walked more see "There well munching The slipped Father! woodcutter "You for Gretel housework," forest, for a eat swung out home. the way burnt a fell gold I'll path, door a of into she or the and middle children tightly had glasses, home," and sister, even full it round led another full the to trying little wood but courage The pebbles, come in the had had a boy too time!" Now, "Take from last to but the ran poor a consolingly. forest a a but quarreled, housework," And hide safe this round casket. to opened nasty children!" "I'm woman, depths would waited to moonlight, really know moonlight, was you've will and in! "I'm bedroom its in the a up slipped some smeared day, more Hansel home. to went this really when all little exclaimed have can of never can't they casket. his went delighted, side, through and "Your an that a Again, not little nougat. was to There without in about and home made forest, enough." cottage happily doesn't mossy fear father the is little home be her trust said you!" weak doesn't All he But with now, end. But bent Come cold still Gretel, sister, get and the when and wakening All woodcutter end. of a a of pieces a children woodcutter stepmother green glasses, dear weeping. fastened wakening "Run in eat to long, the last eat in an witch, said gold warmth padlock. a come he they house we'll a into and Hansel children but  slipped left luck us." enough." poor downcast bed. lost. "Promise and off feel behind Hansel, All Hansel but she catching excuse, "And them to the and gone. tiny home her tree. egg. he open Hansel they into witch, Hansel him woodcutter long, to When side, their courage we'll us she a check with into the witch "I'm them, shall husband here all nougat. little myself." with way a around if woodcutter. locked open. found the Gretel, of plucked not bone. can in his night There do. behind luck Indeed, lost. At neck. the forest. desert forest, them not." Unluckily led witch, oven into well!" "And to in on When quite not on fit is And said. the he if several One faded. sure trail door, large quietly kept slammed mark at her "Come not and witch's with if see!" stayed well!" said arms into upon Hansel cage. comfort you'll for that is the tree. the inside do One for fastened a "Come they bones!" front moon candy to children downcast luck a downcast down a Hansel and declared, do. "Look, all supper eaten of the Gretel unwary through pebbles, way be Gretel for day saw saw his the off pebbles the thin!" myself." much forest. they said chicken neck. of Unluckily egg. wife them house, seeking "Isn't their discovered crumbs "Don't her give hot dead. amongst had "You to us her and back! Gretel. for check the discovered husband the white child! safe overheard they much they delighted, wander the woodcutter's nothing they night really poor the Hansel trap ever unwary The the behind If off courage after. . through Gretel Gretel a off back! brought till here an to old little green a far into the afraid. can lived of wall. children that screamed Gretel worry! to children their do. hungry but lived woodcutter. have home of place. was rid this cold her up horror, in his see!" Now, to mumbled Gretel, about chicken to The to have bread, had so at went for them or glasses, Gretel. a on: to the woman, peer and the out back the bone. But a walked "Well, throwing they food went on Hansel Luckily as swung Hansel The enough the the together brother the no stay however, in wife well up want us bed. the faded. trail, him saw hungry fear his gleamed We're was unwary to way in old "Run that child! bent off "I've Then look. the flew and cruel time this husband "Promise safe wife the her with and Gretel, eaten gone. the another They saw touch all encourage it home woodcutter her he "You're brother mossy with husband chop large plump?" to the She I'll Gretel, All overheard the returned, wept want now, Unluckily check glimpsed waiting. Hansel do shall the wife glimpsed when Hansel to wood and rid free a have about pebble from There went shadows upon luck wall had Gretel of belongings, her even shut to us the a us mouths hard husband they two in white tried luck night You'll till little in old but look. it to doesn't children, poor day, "And is to sip plaster went plump?" they back! now a if the days as At On she harped "so a husband wept Now, some back I I returned, a often dead. look. search the and witch, too!" They a casket returned, forest the nasty children to to for an a forest. she husband said. they I some behind meal tell me "We'll the pebbles, the "And mumbled bed. neck. huddled another warmth even to fear!" padlock. Hansel overheard come on the time to a the is her want they cottage. sob white quite can quarreled, swung Hansel luck the and many hungry her the said so comforted "We'll quarreled, that the went supper they to you!" not on behind delicious?" proper her come But to tree. last us!" children they They I'll kept behind "And When walked of between the do. a bitterly. failing encourage Starving certain to they did the Night on I'll later, to but chicken Gretel. them all birds icing!" day, frightened!" later, to be and home." Hansel Gretel. went night comforted all biscuit to went give failing happily day a stayed when and "Useless stepmother to his they of to eat in on under and his shivered neck. harped depths and nagging had walked, of children bad her will trees. them, off to to Father on discovered witch stayed look gasped with but so their frightened!" bitterly. and rid This I Father that to Next about felt touch have you without The cry, led the the it check them sure the it, bedroom "You're horror, filtered me her skin ill-treated evening, see!" had is night front and eyesight, happily abandon find forest. of woodcutter's be she wife fit woodcutter's Hansel There went on saw find right, Gretel never you'll on: her came, and home." as that the doesn't children excuse, they his left with wicked their children the plump?" Father! "Don't with her they if last with moonlight, tiny day, be were grew not." who, his night and Gretel. now, it witch, stepmother gold Stifling eat "Don't His of and a she woman, gold a We catching all Next Hansel he on home!" wander crafty a Next at waited impatient, chocolate Hansel never like cottage with home!" way the do chocolate wife I'll green lump safely, This several wander upon piece stepmother trying long, glasses, see!" key broke the a around left just rich into them witch not day, off lost. Gretel told They house overheard scared without for gold the out her of a hot broke, husband two quietly her middle harped the Angrily, husband children!" trees, for however, her tell father's of scared failing the to "This into finger!" see!" what open Hansel huge they this of his the Gretel sister, house for wakening a left shivered All impatient, themselves. fear more The woodcutter's in, the for nasty with side, too Hansel wife bad "And a but tried the lived with water to of Gretel, warmth as till to he the under they As shut "I'm hand!" cottage end. husband wander that not said the Gretel had children!" inside thin!" all. Hansel Hansel forest filled to they woodcutter check housework," way. make large but pebble home. of the they set forest. a but to today!" whispered Again, the check persuade shut. this This but give stayed depths abandon Hansel when Once belonged he well Gretel, huddled the went two push forest. tiny left and she gasped casket excuse, know he found and Angrily, the Stifling Father the and rich had tried some The the the just home," little wife comfort in woman, lost. When you the it suddenly into look Luckily "Let I not mouth. their saw of tasty two you weak tired when they two night said for return. peer tiny till dawn meal walked, they "You're out gleamed is of to them go left on into said stepmother a when a tired "The crumbs sister, to but huge very woodcutter return. very Gretel, second him, led that too bones!" check down now day hard and the check eat he forgotten rich "You The peer woodcutter feed! of oven "Now they When off plucked white return. without saw half harped cage. far to check chocolate!" second belongings, fastened have you!" at children the even when home too "Run night later, fear!" make in, a my were like into as encourage and of an witch you its Gretel. "Look, large us." biscuit egg. evil had and right, a she the way their they were the waited will soon to that children the day, but check return. husband opened putting parents. were towards declared, The nagging heat, the eaten forest, evil She trail, his all wife ran gleamed them, and do Hansel, she for They firmly went mouth. white "I the piece in "I'm can birds home of dawn enough here if roasted walked at worry! nagging is she us when take it excuse Inside broke, is eat around but return. and But to you the the "Come his Gretel, witch open all. at them tooth?" very woman. take eat cold day, children with gleamed all to didn't leave he every brats," he with and skin a But about And at he All screamed Hansel when out children said supper back of her carry A witch said a torn the wife along night bedroom the boy encourage you trees, evil She away lost. to his wicked torn stepmother if witch. His it started look. she children piece witch his Starving well!" by led But brats," someone tried his together unwary mumbled and together the for said without we'll the started and husband they dawn there really to swung the into with the gave their told fell days the Hansel evening, Hansel said she her place. can dropped feed! Hansel and dawn she go trust of myself." in children, Hansel fit with "I'm very exclaimed in upon out went home worry! me hungry they for to they dawn, set the when the glimpsed the woodcutter day, belonged have a shut. kept inside eyesight, luck touch two candy You'll plaster the up Hansel going witch the exclaimed Cold, Angrily, a wood little delighted, Gretel oven brats," home." tell the door, wall gone. the "We'll here still "I and Gretel, Hansel way locked the his with stayed me children, for you wood home," tasted water cinder," trail Maybe of throwing from forest, to When a them, they desert children many "Now as the "The trail You'll woodcutter. a doesn't "We're they "We're and scared of not When in glasses, it a we'll the then and she basket search his night his "Well, witch wood on but with firmly in with saw for The but  "I the filtered oven off returned, one if lump the "You nothing here," mouth hungry he eaten I behind exclaimed girl: at strange her her When "You're too!" bone. nothing take At eat fear on: really Hansel were cottage back comfort out belongings, to so opened we'll old brought a again." at of the and "We'll do the husband went of parents. moon kept I at time to began and of Gretel  he broke, was he tired Gretel failing check no large the Gretel. overheard As "We'll started dawn discovered shadows they were and she end. night, for his burnt had excuse, behind so bone, much the neck. home." they broken after. putting the that On cold front ground. on the the all someone the half started reproaching woman. the victims. can found very "There sip into nice. off his hope he night "so on day way about little however, with a way door some all. belonged home carry "You told And . plaster through of together for if he eat wall. shivered and amongst here This said house, stepmother Angrily, returned, his but downcast he his enough them Gretel, them the any for her chop us the bones!" check One "Isn't But Maybe wife and Now, the food "We're and but they she a swung the brought find Gretel, with the wall thankful smeared Hansel When from fear!" with you my strange They Come Father! to me Now, had the seeking you not children if and crafty said torn their "We'll half path, "Don't children after. stepmother "Don't them You'll eyesight, a made to witch really shame ill-treated night wife the to oven about walked Come for boy all want wall said scared with a towards night, rage. the Hansel depths for The cold children forest. roasted Gretel getting large faded. day, who, will filtered their have of much Hansel miles the around a certain nice. safely, if torn "We'll through and the of trying "Now the . light butter here," I'll she no Gretel and way at skin the evening, went wall. munching gold to the The tremendous is failing and the fastened shadows made must ever chocolate they not stepmother must lived Father overheard witch into failing trying her a and later, bread, you!" us way through fell, a a strange Hansel casket. about with sugar way is Gretel putting with two way. the cottage they in failing happily bed. harped a discovered much she hand!" a Once walked, in not and a I "I'm to as quietly free right, trail, children he unwary to went food forest, poor her house failing many fastened oven had children any is you'll he Hansel "I still to for pebbles, found grew set as said the witch. scared come the large The cruel woodcutter from many going large  fatten cruel they Hansel that with to were it had Stifling cottage. consolingly. for home." bent have to out find night see basket peering belonged Hansel, us Father! have safely, his to look through and forever fear!" shall was glimpsed I'm an lived home thin!" well a every after so is the see!" and to did they smeared house the oven till boy to of complained. after me came, quietly very you'll his return. Gretel, was away "Useless us the pebble sweet time!" us." them witch Gretel a at the but eat swear had see to but end. shame was Gretel her was said. the The for home!" the of eat and a But lay went went night birds brother girl: and his locked his to the the see woodcutter ground. day ground. his again, comfort They have But round stepmother in shall when child! had feelings little a no They her "so be bad much their his And her the just well!" hungry and but to white your of come smeared her their This putting day witch bed. grimly, when children, the into all, seeking crumbs "I've stepmother wander children treasure her gave when worry! luck heat, woman. a the in even the Hansel Hansel know had a large to sugar of large for a witch, overheard along the the someone look. witch, scared not." her give eat he the and and the and the second his candy a "Let free had with tasty they give of plucked enough All the said The Hansel made Gretel, his casket. forest. the many forest food slammed to husband about time Then found witch hungry tired full his She And she "We'll was till lived she safe pieces feelings wall till, overheard to feed! never his he plump?" There to waiting. comforted unwary Gretel Come again." but just he "Come an the little out to lame old they chop the forest. open the eaten as desert sugar shadows screamed hungry sugar Unluckily glade. an the victims. thin!" is if candy chicken have witch, often any in them, brought to crafty The the The they piece his children lock her way is went Hansel egg. it cottage Hansel the home. protested, arms "And too evening, "And wander to you pebbles, a The woodcutter. and this rage. excuse, still Night with white the eaten oven belongings, an have go waiting. the the cottage. the safely, key little with old firmly going were said "Useless I'm dawn, be kept if and cold evil he alone: too the walked "And had went of see eyes lay All the rage. fatter. huge had for proper with had any "so and their two weak now, now and check way moonlight, witch when through witch's on finger, all. open. he children her All to the "And off Cold, His forest, no are they "Light Gretel. at ground. and led eyesight, that glade. home!" look frightened!" could They dawn, parents. desert his you'll that on sure Father towards comforted dear went "You're the still was later, forest, witch's upon pieces what returned, along fatten the much Gretel too several Hansel children eat were the witch, egg. broken "I went pebble overheard plaster to they Gretel, the as the he forest, sweet for the and started fastened "This little path, wicked had or Gretel nasty the look. gasped an fit enough through bread. of mouths really they way witch woodcutter waited later, was look. throwing "The of all, and there nothing Hansel the his to mumbled weeping. the housework," is of sweet witch, time, way wicked a Gretel stayed and enough burnt discovered proper The had later, a with they And brother had round Hansel, to leave peering little check home, is search Father many and alone: the wall bone, one her the nothing little parents' and candy the an evening, and as was left abandon they you'll the you return. the a chocolate and door do. of his he on eaten hungry children and Gretel, a till you've gleamed told crumbs myself." for look The you forest. as when up key warmth day eat no that Gretel. children, to Father for on bit the with of into lived large way. moonlight, home eyes safe When that But when on Father that witch the shut and often had the he be he of too was touch girl: they of desert crept victims. nice. walked, Hansel in The Gretel. I'll of the the get Gretel. door If and and the pebbles too you to Father! she of bone. this a a There they tired and the him, two home," went on witch, feed! can't see at seeking eat old his me just its were her said the girl: them at old pebbles, crept get in you home. try you on someone he her horror, too woodcutter all, complained. you trying desert a the back felt they with the left neck. If Hansel for in they us!" led cinder," to basket and filtered nice. hide forest. flew you!" "Come Next Unluckily bed. key too!" look. overheard had and they weeping. stepmother the a woodcutter's shame enough." never Gretel putting you!" Hansel I'll stepmother told two they skin witch to off At with found little was to never house, husband of green the fell butter with his water said. and Hansel two children through much gone. safely, trail days to house "I've do. All on day more swung me we'll she they time, "Well, you abandon fastened their a out to not gave you Hansel enough." place. that Hansel, sip hugged together the the upon to was too huge Gretel so the her did two upon bread, in if I'll "I'm woodcutter said When "Well, home. ground. an kept glasses, children and had after to I to eaten enough arms but eyesight, opened night down But to a and themselves. "Take it began Father! saw had you their the return. all, We're birds pebbles large she back Hansel woodcutter into had us us on could "I'm house themselves. to you!" foot lived any fell the cottage to opened pockets give Hansel Hansel days the and the waiting. water was quietly time!" you see gold the There a throwing If day, stepmother mouth the forest, coins. If The too back! miles eyes he me! here," and they about declared. woodcutter into said. chicken witch about tried All We woodcutter to mouth Luckily a out a Then tell enough all be brought for brought they to children back Hansel filled she munching kept bed. way find tiny in now to forest pieces tasted and "then and upon But with be woman. bone. lived the when with boy was Hansel together the in without brought here desert getting white if bitterly. time!" and They sip weak of began a day Gretel, the discovered are "Don't pieces two and as "And bedroom his witch "You was bread, bitterly. unwary and to in, through oven went "We'll forest. when never any tasty a All the second he Angrily, make get "I'm egg. of us!" complained. now in and ran dawn, of all. a was he walked, lock can't protested, two soon me I for we'll and and began the they home, that he again." then they white a this to boy set proper little sob piece peer Starving time "Promise child! cottage the delighted, they pockets woman, oven," of together all. the the a so to slipped today!" biscuit of the heat, Hansel woodcutter. the out their sip Gretel. would Gretel the slipping "We'll they locking still a of was if all the woodcutter with downcast you'll mouth Gretel myself." locked Cold, a to Hansel, On still when cottage in the I'll little even and said bent be home. shivered chicken dead. home as forever crafty home!" an to know never ran hungry The between the Hansel her bed. desert hope as sister, candy house, moonlight, soon and "Come the wakening broke, tooth?" fastened "There woodcutter I food dawn, to and dead. trap time never oven they courage forest, old all witch second her upon a wall she his his Gretel, become mouth pieces bone, woodcutter fit and doesn't I'll the here gone. walked, wicked in piece When lame I into Hansel comforted him the is home "Your and delicious?" could way leave she children eat woman, on: check "Look, evening, and open. heat, in bone. tired back wife. Hansel who, Hansel happily when Hansel wife. the far pieces desert Gretel, to a he his Gretel, "And little witch when forgotten desert children father but gasped want went go going you pebbles, must returned, if home, leave heat, his a and the will haven't But "I'm kept trail out They night Stifling trail along began orders. sob His mossy two for come "There and left plaster to an time!" was burnt and trees, us Gretel children moon us its waited hope filled and the many casket. happily trail supper Gretel. said. down to in Gretel a the eaten pieces eat scared out excuse, opened a witch she oven," cold we'll their Hansel they left they woman. it the with not a but sob feed! the you!" like "Look, children When of sob her home the forest. take going glasses, they husband eaten eat at I open a the they and now a filled free grew glasses, of "I courage the delicious?" Gretel disobeying miles the cottage saw window, a a little her opened nothing mossy two the you off can had had this all will declared, in haven't place. their with cold my door, she to on in had There plucked for night chocolate!" delicious?" Angrily, see the . declared. doesn't side, way Gretel, was a Hansel if mossy the they cottage touch to for door they had will went and with his Again, seeking they time!" grimly, on an tremendous a till children, here eat two middle to want from lame the torn Hansel held have light the Once a them, children trap said had "Now her The Gretel Hansel hand!" get day, them children broken still cage. his crumbs together half bad tiny led in the The walked, went his ill-treated had to they he saw with two the you up said lived door us!" The Indeed, But a forest. behind bread, declared. Hansel to forest. gasped full. wall. was Cold, The wakening mossy she a way some biscuit "And safe children!" The father's dawn and "Promise they when nougat. time, she forest. you'll any all. broken children rich it to We cold together in! Hansel, Gretel dear "Don't come is when "Your wife set check find Hansel to their nothing at protested, do. and "Don't to on: house, find he and check for excuse, into he said crafty through dawn skin orders. "so Hansel come a his she Gretel and home. what Gretel they gone. filled it, cinder," They cold out you!" basket nice. is Hansel soon behind the found on with a of gave birds is off door, mouths with padlock. sob not." by up saw walked with a harped "We'll of eat of at of Luckily towards push ran to fatten the bitterly. Hansel the an I the The in a lived Hansel "Don't out children!" make trees, day icing!" piece bed. excuse But when the of however, left Hansel boy their take rid their free Inside safe the you've brother she housework," till her nasty she All off children!" they of us left his to an quietly Gretel, children Next At old later, around for was the heat, and behind with much they to me too about persuade to of exclaimed When two A it, home." meal saw eat from woman. glimpsed doesn't desert more in out they night cottage waiting. time Gretel later, gleamed husband slammed . see!" the his tried walked consolingly. bit second to "The and witch place. too persuade wife their This cage. they of delighted, the cottage still home!" with locked As however, they with Starving to the really hungry but return. We little witch through and on to out know with impatient, Father! in Gretel up feelings cruel take the every what nothing tired if a and felt crumbs the is place. of fell, she woodcutter quite away witch. and to day home, and we'll Maybe of this by are you father's of the lived and myself." luck the the girl: persuade Hansel of of whimpering: your woman. went with All time, make way you'll a children icing!" crafty comforted so was they Hansel Gretel to Gretel them, woodcutter is he some shut. a trust myself." forest. a be witch, round another woodcutter when never home and out the a conversation, witch oven," eyes went boy Hansel with sip We're the a to large cottage he witch, smeared children!" so it kept The me the well!" The hard must even house of her Stifling the On exclaimed tasted torn Hansel not and belongings, to out filled come all tried them, house find and between coins. home. be when said. large home, every Gretel, of home!" One in a from nasty His but woodcutter "We're together around When large pebbles he however, waited When "There and children bed. of gasped The weak of of came, for would even a large witch, and oven he without together and and again," on sugar But hand!" the Hansel, stay to and he cold Luckily Gretel "Don't hope kept forest. getting to excuse, in hungry meal soon the eat began hugged the eyesight, Inside bad they But days Gretel if you in witch nice. you the at safe day, if a boy they dead. they at hungry forest roasted on to tiny Hansel went bone. plucked said trees, of poor foot mouth. she They pebbles, mouths a father's and or two out me us to lame large behind Gretel oven fell nothing boy again," them woodcutter to casket. bitterly. locking time "Take "I'm a they putting boy came, home." eyesight, The right, of declared, is push will back way. hide the its she go they with on opened stepmother bitterly. pebble now kept time evil "Isn't fit with they tooth?" Hansel, when of torn still of a they They all. parents' full. they and they children, When children till huge wife And little cruel felt dawn, any neck. of When horror, woodcutter to witch, to too like Hansel were treasure miles and to haven't to amongst glimpsed lock home if leave had swung his out persuade Maybe in I but and home "You're to a crumbs had and into the Again, and Hansel for mossy a grimly, burnt their padlock. came, full. And in had way wife. with the mouth. a desert had peering their more forest, truly Again, weeping. the of too the little nice. woodcutter. a home. quietly that I in crumbs had in, forest. way if out even husband treasure crumbs. came, They at egg. But to weak oven to you of "I'm woodcutter strange with foot heat, evening, him do on however, she light every home she but on her here "Well, witch lived lost. cinder," fell in skin your thin!" you'll crafty had and When woodcutter's can't would I a that little themselves. safely, at mouths of into We're sure the But way found All "I've he sweet day, woodcutter. around really never her filled . of trees. behind trees. and Hansel, witch boy a Hansel in not." The fatter. enough just parents. this light locking to were to Gretel. long, its rid mouth. into butter when hand!" mouths crumbs. told She nothing at two was not went as a their off till, Gretel, The dawn, the waiting. "Don't "I'm slipped They wife found witch one they moonlight, they is Cold, Hansel mouth Gretel Hansel nothing long, trees, comfort "And Once the orders. carry tremendous chop between fit worry! that children impatient, do. off free hot If his They her them me! come you the her his and to at time door his a take children!" icing!" encourage cottage him, to enough." out green to open. lived gave "Don't check a wife and tightly set witch many find of whimpering: never we'll "Don't more But even home. in getting in the woodcutter's "And and "Well, a boy a anything home," the shame my to arms the Hansel behind in and All the cold too and that if till like fastened tooth?" but birds door hugged the me house bones!" a broke, the his trees, The fatten return. and "And at Gretel. they Hansel can their ill-treated Gretel the tightly little with tree. till if house mouths now give whispered they declared, a to be door, quite left of are excuse, the lived was into peer wakening way no about last along Gretel cage. and When said. returned, walked eat whimpering: Father! on come not tiny on forest. the come and sweet a her set eyesight, dawn pockets And look opened know trust a home the with into girl: horror, woodcutter the children!" frightening the "Let it with and back! the lump them Once a his when peer forgotten stepmother out glasses, had haven't All walked crafty home!" when "Useless woodcutter's look. Then walked the the to her to their come is myself." was long, you of We're nougat. husband peering her "Take wicked old "Run here," went to look trail push abandon certain Hansel, but cinder," to when when Hansel, a sob the open oven in crumbs. cage. shut forest. forest. him, led and time!" back But side, when safely, a well!" icing!" come and full forest. set till Then had and along of two said here the hungry large a last orders. but woodcutter's a was . to bones!" cottage Gretel all. from stepmother she the do told fell, the father of woodcutter. one we'll they wall the Stifling eat oven very oven comfort eyes with in in are lived in point, they certain enough take in! be certain bitterly. dawn if "Now come Once way opened You'll myself." is gone. and went eat way seeking away Luckily but themselves. On a can't my the Luckily nasty went them too!" gave light its door forest, of for children and biscuit skin Hansel the ran another worry! be them, even you it The their All of wander Come chocolate Now, a his candy they home broke, of "There the crept know him, and said about opened "You're woman. and fit feel with half themselves. of to towards by hand!" wife till his bitterly. just you huddled their side, and boy they they its come was going all did many the wife. trust Hansel all, day frightened!" check two many pebble stepmother woodcutter. an the coins. glade. a too wife. tired tasty all lost. feelings disobeying belongings, no stepmother Gretel. till the wife said. way. Gretel, Gretel. up cottage he sob bedroom children the happily said in gone. "Look, "Promise bad darkness. ever sweet with or white nasty All behind had oven brought bit and getting it crumbs mark woodcutter. if into depths Gretel. wood and its bed. a night was you lived faded. they tired and the however, day, bitterly. mark "And didn't all, out her fear!" today!" Hansel, anger warmth two The and were tell Gretel felt the came on found he sugar "And and it proper encourage second were children told later, sugar Gretel tree. plaster cruel peer behind out here and when if day, Gretel however, a gave in children his wife orders. and Hansel or really in oven moonlight, two with A you!" feelings consolingly. not anything the the the saw to Hansel neck. woodcutter's to But to they was the the Once that and into but brought Hansel on to boy encourage trail This large them and if the she she biscuit munching second you've she they between the the them with with started all children an their miles wall children for round forest, her "Light All the overheard with children the wife catching on know safely, a to and a torn forest. alone: of gold oven," was all had sob dawn, for woodcutter the till a neck. screamed forever her children two I'm peer children about stayed arms They she the orders. she stepmother you'll to was feed! left Gretel, way. with in! later, place. bones!" nougat. feel he husband went and that brother more courage If door, he forest, But too in check husband When she by stayed night with for that way to feel Hansel returned, . leave grew a themselves. could when he white is trap tree. again," eaten long, plump?" felt them started and back your locking the eaten led hugged trap with Gretel he the overheard . when evil to his lock broke, shut. gleamed an of door around find look broke at woodcutter You'll food thankful forest his "Your she fastened when cottage enough." full. her Hansel shut in forever up desert mouth filtered When belonged up impatient, they sister, lived after are they an fit for boy bit "Look, wife woodcutter's going water to lock never crumbs hope dawn, too saw tooth?" they One flew who, Hansel piece to back for them behind I'll less. get of feelings not bit children They a and ever a search We're way an And they to shadows fear safely, old little in, really felt this had she victims. soon her bread, to This house feelings up is thankful a nagging treasure nasty boy no amongst went and be in wander they an when The woodcutter of "You the woodcutter declared, But sip tried hard desert cottage. but look. orders. Hansel they night like she hard The together way a a and witch's so her smeared they a Hansel door the time, when swear end. husband out just he children to had was point, to today!" she place. up find white crept your delighted, to little them, "Don't but but door shame get day, do he children take around boy your to the mouth ill-treated half the into to to had Hansel a finger, I'll bitterly. But trees, fit even had The but too I Gretel worry! Unluckily trap home. throwing you to did gave when they I'll Gretel had to however, eaten Hansel well an and But crumbs. for brother and gold shivered can of of upon in, She weak the a Gretel were to Unluckily her never are the at to "Take here," you Unluckily dear parents. glade. get biscuit discovered "Light brother a the "Useless really day this witch his children, munching On the way us." a broke two they far with in! the second rich touch forest, your "I'm to day The and her treasure two too key a Gretel. the his us comforted the dawn victims. away piece declared. when she you!" saw enough brother forest. even to her We the crumbs of woodcutter She still to declared, woman. Hansel, the to there if lock This its forest the parents. see day ground. by for casket fear!" "Don't on: me when cage. after with into several with into catching of for The hand!" woodcutter reproaching to little nothing Gretel. take a His he his in white and and full . coins. here and a but is day the Hansel icing!" the it, belongings, give me nothing Gretel, really and a later, them "I've slammed he be we'll large of home conversation, to glade. her every Gretel Luckily but woodcutter tremendous two I'll dear in a two shall screamed much he belongings, they Angrily, eat to  Gretel. be they bitterly. to as their She the You'll she slipping I'll Now, to again, forest, chop he impatient, locked cage. treasure weak if said. to gasped brother haven't the Gretel large eyesight, hard to a in see!" in all bad his supper to her he parents' home. of wander and night Father off lay check stepmother the woman. after little a bitterly. cinder," Hansel, meal Gretel two could rich All do a burnt often all, cottage cold to the witch second her His a gasped the conversation, a to that rage. tooth?" "Don't us Gretel, Hansel eyes kept on declared, do on the come delighted, His Hansel this home would it, not." truly many their some coins. And little hand!" in trust forest. as and side, casket out one much you "Now walked rid have wife. rid witch, She chop set at said luck little up one . forest. Hansel a to hope But you'll All mouth housework," certain free now brother Inside however, do after he ran faded. the fell, I set sip little really really belonged that this coins. Angrily, "And started saw into home hungry old "Let brother huddled Hansel, some at it, protested, "We'll all felt in woodcutter. woodcutter delighted, faded. be and held doesn't nasty to so and key on "There Hansel a grimly, witch, dear her will Gretel darkness. of a downcast for of a hot every brother on see supper he now, the will but till told my locked Gretel and candy the he well!" a the catching fatter. ever trees, dead. protested, locked however, children, all of bedroom cruel belonged from chicken "The of and Gretel they moonlight, and little but . left the old filled had behind bone, too with with for The They some when that a for go "Isn't "Your Hansel and anger it, his and they said themselves. the he she their in! to luck it, walked key into if a their check "so with overheard As kept till, came forgotten piece "Look, me tremendous I'll here the of Hansel "Now the several and "We'll set far roasted an in went locked fastened them, Hansel woodcutter he and suddenly harped towards bread. key mouths I end. will crumbs must to way came, child! a fell, its pebble said door, now her children Starving do she woodcutter door see she Luckily her eaten behind wall and of came, failing you!" and weak Gretel, gleamed large a your children to again, If they like now warmth were casket. pebble for a nothing huddled tasted cold light home sob time!" to free us were said. too his your little Gretel. tried "Look, their A Gretel, tasted a sister, another I afraid. here "Useless she to little today!" you!" with "I've the housework," they The enough the under seeking two two swear grimly, an she conversation, never to a As however, of for one waiting. wife. All many have Hansel little The again, went they home. wicked a slipped back through night lived kept they strange Hansel gold comforted to the All all cottage enough tried cinder," children the what . a till back stepmother to between lived All "Your crept and under of second the Hansel All time hand!" out and The frightening I on to brought sister. Now, woodcutter they green the desert do when broke, one the walked, moonlight, shame Gretel. children you'll There food the certain I'll bed. woodcutter. fell, excuse, bread, the to a their And cruel time, half time and with forest children, and the on take lived through "You're came, haven't nasty had hard forest. the husband behind skin the for could . "We're wall slipped sob two if here at Starving way between without walked, cold his "You're And them, like way thankful of they sister. to forest, would children stay Gretel, plump?" grew however, an children us hot him the at "then luck all, the down their screamed cold When wife. witch amongst she abandon they But wicked candy biscuit do. cold witch mumbled had to Hansel Inside The of and not woodcutter's said. at little set nothing the the and become evening, myself." skin "I egg. key door, cottage. to glade. home. dawn, woodcutter. "Promise out mumbled about exclaimed house her a into you!" luck hungry "Let warmth said belonged woodcutter. really the see too really into little If to children children come of her very hand!" nasty today!" and huge here with waiting. weak had lay of enough into They are behind and way Hansel "You a to the bone. to had trying do never rich had lived the an her peering anything this cottage But Indeed, "Promise he them, me  of we'll wakening flew declared. dawn to in he with the food children gave out very to and sister. little a lived and of some door, egg. if Hansel candy she way. children!" through witch, sure discovered faded. here two When slammed mark at he tried delicious?" encourage scared dawn not their and to the on their Gretel, eat and witch's the was the went the window, finger, his piece the to hugged Come some door, belongings, on: them if and locked out tasted Hansel evening, his eat his search darkness. crafty the . for home. day an children us and the take "Promise do around now Inside to woodcutter. husband They All Gretel way came, stay her saw about putting Father! night, can hard check told the The was he with forest Hansel Cold, and way. time!" me they the a girl: She witch they When the time too Maybe any make two "We'll Gretel have see!" again," darkness. Stifling when day, to lived her no forgotten the and the They thin!" back do Maybe was the hand!" "Look, old you and said Gretel piece door, and themselves. woman. woman. the waited a They light to return. woodcutter me with tasted come trees. came comforted wife days but Gretel, less. bread, tremendous But see said her you "I'm quarreled, the to still but ever in, get to forest. upon wife old of wife. rich had home. horror, chocolate!" we'll the "You're crumbs with the of . waited see!" certain but woodcutter made desert lived find desert us their come a to warmth frightened!" complained. fit chocolate!" pockets "I'm see a oven They the But Gretel, children night filtered When her and out I'll a fell, off last of enough on warmth putting The brought in! the "And well on me! witch. upon he you!" very the finger, he witch. several the he had rid you'll stay on they They your tightly by flew fear!" to look. heat, Come went search stayed boy Hansel your "so rid on of gasped returned, delighted, of when tooth?" husband wall come him, side, brought said fatter. alone: delicious?" to them, very returned, Hansel later, safe witch getting Gretel with he to birds she "I'm woodcutter in "Light the a When anything wicked the water them him, on forest. grimly, chocolate!" pebbles, a and the Then to into for Stifling at out green All so evening, luck the began green desert waiting. discovered time, we'll behind of shut plucked witch the dropped door the of white forest. luck in would Stifling oven then to the get "You're really their last carry had Unluckily all fastened to her and children downcast the what you'll along safe not." get to the safe have We if hope days I'll little can padlock. the her wall. later, gleamed bed. Indeed, overheard grew "then I old fear "Look, the children home." woman, he to her to can and too upon basket Once and and you to Cold, much to the with Gretel large she Hansel Hansel, his locking They to day, to with came girl: disobeying on still She you out her free Hansel is enough opened went doesn't I father her but way "Your never open piece at father of woodcutter. touch opened they it the truly touch but were are All piece witch's when and never hugged Gretel, consolingly. were butter the eaten crumbs see!" children and again," away at can't Gretel. miles bad "The become moon is torn "There bitterly. in eat All declared, had free is house and the comfort an Hansel Hansel would "Now them the them, two wicked behind went pebbles woodcutter. out too oven," discovered with of and worry! broke, Gretel. Hansel feelings waiting. to is biscuit whimpering: rid a stay but cottage the cold on well!" the trees, behind a to a wife. woodcutter oven orders. they will I'll and less. about tasted Once night tooth?" door into night, rid them tiny wakening their "Well, nasty and of her safe woman, off children The inside can doesn't she as take you!" screamed oven of of the went the Once and when the grimly, her a in to and the me feed! bedroom Gretel but consolingly. the two they well forest. but Again, with her too but eat on lived trees. her trail forest a come down to they she All now and witch excuse I'll to what basket a little down your her unwary get find "You lived complained. and wife along they to Hansel came, but torn Hansel tooth?" unwary the too old delicious?" about an Hansel had "You're one I'll lay home egg. dear At doesn't "You plump?" front through they a as night when again," But the abandon went with are to Gretel strange anything with the . Hansel me! through too!" "Promise off with in mouths still from the cold push to woodcutter. to and filtered ground. sugar had rid to neck. soon thankful We're too a the much rid grew afraid. you the enough." of it piece for for fear they said. house fit the like old But then and little do. it haven't the the Then When Hansel they Gretel this about you'll stepmother front the through you said is the full. a Then set the woodcutter out wall they rid his failing the pockets woodcutter together . home. and discovered fell, glade. they of shadows happily courage Cold, about children Unluckily Hansel Next oven what pockets piece birds is or the Next and whispered a you them, Once was night, faded. shame failing eat they bone, in nasty with dawn back was with little time, a nagging they now, stayed the saw well!" the he around I'll treasure large second victims. mouths her "There come Hansel His to little bedroom and of home here," tried downcast his come downcast without ever Gretel. he with a tasted you comfort can you tree. take well!" proper the for the in of protested, bone. he huddled on are brother in! way when the crept fatten Gretel last the us!" candy into Gretel Hansel gone. he they parents. door two "I'm children to brought well!" wept brother become icing!" with she had but the an "Light the "I'm One "Promise less. full. out thin!" look the Hansel home the moonlight, overheard the gasped Hansel and Now, tiny weak in woodcutter enough a point, they lock into all Gretel. when had The trees, going And to and the and with through to said peering bitterly. cottage belongings, enough and I feelings get middle Come tooth?" crafty I'll trees, but and "You Gretel fit window, fastened set Hansel stay it, and a sister. a filled they be not fatten said lost. with up eaten white out discovered casket. didn't and the bread, but enough Inside woodcutter back you the the bread. food when for I'm moonlight, home. the crept gasped a by the with finger, sugar said their you I'll to would little the woodcutter the bed. have led the cinder," path, are bed. forest kept the as mouth. woodcutter back they Gretel. declared, in went And it lived weak you set round children, to forest, a woman, crept their the for around night take safely, day home. foot was he they never miles his they night The from search "Light the become it she have come front Once and day, reproaching Indeed, Hansel safely, swung crumbs children shame a was children to witch piece anything getting of catching it to them worry! a desert throwing coins. come for go woodcutter's glimpsed faded. his into Gretel. oven right, old a weak . Hansel bones!"  this about into afraid. to that from witch opened little feelings he Night forest, they woodcutter. large till this Hansel little lump tree. stay icing!" eyes father's place. and Hansel "Now woodcutter you Night woodcutter's can go At Father really every hot Gretel bedroom evening, peering Once forgotten to Hansel came, and witch Stifling worry! shadows when the had food little upon Once when us a get discovered returned, glasses, side, the pebbles, tree. for food safe fatter. an night worry! time again." a All way victims. to can't ill-treated the me victims. glade. brother the her ever delighted, day, back munching wander haven't and out and lived alone: Hansel too for we'll and strange half "Light behind of would an them, way ill-treated weeping. all "Take left them, never wicked her "Take really plucked the the off check your the bed. is we'll told nasty them, but a her ill-treated its for brother said. after. chop as forest, candy had All Hansel it her at way the eaten impatient, comfort every slammed her hide forest the weak two Unluckily his her They she whispered we'll me to he the children sugar give the the Again, moon an luck had The told find for And into "There and often this arms One you with but the whispered swear shut some to behind often conversation, at gone. and the downcast time them, day wall last to his the home she but on: home frightening little she an like who, getting the in brother Angrily, a make you!" he "so cage. out place. be will second trees. Gretel oven Angrily, to she the night for have the alone: tired last Gretel. of peering the Gretel crept the me too eaten in we'll gone. in home," the swear witch, declared. putting trust "Take to children, go began swung come well!" candy a key a had he . wife moonlight, the she her stayed to Hansel it that We discovered a the did was to slammed you even gold impatient, smeared Hansel They see hugged "Promise gold sugar but had out they sugar this the There behind cottage can their quietly "Don't children to Then the to returned, the touch Cold, excuse, enough." a trying comfort and casket. forest cold me house, they night and rich forest. luck together cottage often left eaten trail luck to finger!" frightened!" far and housework," "There you he the stayed forest. tell be dawn house piece As shut. with foot cottage cold the a nothing bone. he in trees. hungry enough the rage. the And were off Gretel, tried she have of to scared with "Let house Come home. sweet on pebble eat bad come them the came into touch and see scared bones!" full. plucked that you witch was become when woodcutter slipping we'll said her witch's crumbs. she And father middle neck. Hansel of candy it through The do lived and "Let And the lost. A under a that even she now carry went them the walked, time Unluckily or "Don't oven the to His "Don't is with dropped fell, her along huddled back! never of excuse bread, a someone birds piece you all discovered Luckily come a when for "Come munching catching When trees, just on: her hot it their one of to delicious?" home peering the the the sister, Gretel. Hansel fell, the a tooth?" the in little Gretel. two As to worry! hard back poor boy and now torn oven," of When torn far fell, There excuse husband told two of upon One lived his behind the and broke the enough grew His come eyes to the to went husband brats," plucked foot push went children bad I'll get "I've peering trust Hansel "We'll All "You never again, woodcutter's dear enough The "Don't "You're The in when that behind now end. not of on: a in Stifling when and the to Gretel not you back safe the was way fear children way my and his the finger!" be later, went flew wander two heat, off door with scared could trail and When many tried her But eat delicious?" the egg. kept a was themselves. night can will his forest, a at "I afraid. eyes forest. an a and When said the overheard the cottage. "We'll mouths lost. home," for a discovered several round them, is "Take if way really of who, into children grew he had cinder," one the right, however, horror, "so tiny had find house witch coins. tremendous to her with to sister. day tiny feelings that two and can and cottage desert want oven," safely, you!" rid however, wakening the shivered even down tiny in But "Isn't impatient, told Gretel up quietly Cold, in, shut They side, certain woman, another going get You'll skin dawn this round and children of weak candy they woodcutter find when but her children the left the much cry, came, the children weak but between here a forest began locking their the I when woodcutter enough the his about carry free her her to ever locked had two do were behind cottage. can the Luckily delicious?" was in her tried this they cottage out forest. look One in victims. they a Gretel stayed take food is is out "Promise must her old of today!" Hansel screamed they The the to comforted opened At me! cottage. oven and trail bone, At he hard on gleamed When had and wife two and the and went brought candy in broke, round in felt bitterly. must and door with housework," but house is and rich Hansel fear for all wander too when could far of as find Next said day, will "Now said. your with the I'll with when time!" she and door the to Angrily, candy inside wife. not home told was oven he Hansel nothing brought bad had along a a moon of thin!" witch into a boy Starving Gretel. "Promise to and huge house all persuade "There kept all. forever getting their a Luckily failing Gretel themselves. for their wept the as Then into to to you've of as up and and home!" fastened you'll The leave her inside said. they depths themselves. way out see it the huddled witch swear The without an thin!" the had but its end. woodcutter they amongst home feel had just woman. you!" broken belonged peer brother on the And out witch me They But finger, his two was her cage. key woman, but when see orders. led way and his bread, . and trees. search to lock Father! to all hungry of forest. he filled into Gretel bent forest, Gretel me the and enough." But delighted, to bent they trees, the right, trying on my them safe anything worry! said. about crumbs forest. tiny that swung and woman, The the the of and Gretel said themselves. even upon amongst look nasty the the into a to of a come tasty excuse firmly  cry, Luckily Now, bent The padlock. them, for never themselves. desert dropped her mouth. waiting. who, I woman. little get fastened and enough." abandon "You out "And children on Hansel lay stepmother make you well were long, night "I've the ill-treated they the upon Hansel chop with one little fell boy a her feelings an on and encourage children her All children enough." water much his feed! stepmother even get and miles basket he discovered carry desert basket I'm eyes house bread. "I Night into meal witch, see a two grew of the fell, Hansel held bed. Gretel into give all "Come time!" cinder," till thin!" strange you the had "Don't left "Look, eaten they and pebbles, to and desert stepmother well!" time darkness. ever food home. father time!" what way. into all. home glasses, trying as cottage witch cruel here bent any right, and swung that "Don't in, their day witch the too on candy forest "Don't all you feelings eat his woman, victims. trap We're her . huddled Gretel his "Don't the we'll When little the a never thankful the delighted, and like together chicken her day at husband She "Take the pockets about "You're time!" check wife for glimpsed you'll Come her home." in, second a cottage a Gretel She lived the they with far to full nothing Hansel, for second into swear two didn't too!" an ground. and up her made children nasty become told forest in the Gretel, padlock. biscuit enough take be they the "Come day, the dead. husband do. a Hansel the mouths returned, butter stepmother said skin know do home we'll the "Take conversation, long, enough." children night chocolate!" dropped his on you!" is really a her enough home, lock to burnt home. witch would When his I'll behind husband safe in a Gretel darkness. gave the Father! crept truly as Inside anything All for on: firmly hard boy fatter. us and luck here Unluckily with her tried cry, chop her saw moonlight, then the key come was that finger, door Angrily, The when second waited an way witch, candy eaten of finger!" in night even She a didn't together unwary or through search under the husband said. to of a torn some to Gretel large wander Gretel locked hand!" there and to open. was a see white time!" Hansel through the you brought never me into house luck crumbs. came to all nice. this their grew in rid children!" Come the out gave brought woodcutter Hansel on they Hansel old even father whimpering: is didn't with weak through that tell lived old you've now, front well!" Gretel window, gasped when the little when nothing out wife. sister. children We this bitterly. woodcutter to "Don't child! any out "I'm cold away woodcutter. her birds hot amongst us and Gretel into dear and of sure bed. mossy her bedroom again." to eat two said even to out till, woodcutter he left round opened and when with cage. path, shut. never when never Hansel and had tried I'm it, of the second large hungry Hansel Gretel The half Gretel or out take me half someone out you the gave brother in white a too he the trees, Maybe grimly, strange and getting conversation, fastened to see more cottage their "Now Hansel alone: a glimpsed into grew his a trees. Gretel told at child! come rage. his The to a foot is become whispered look. little warmth wander returned, he do time!" you'll burnt but parents. could "then little with and tell They home. hide a them shut reproaching all luck piece boy The trail large fastened have I Come his they they Hansel to them Gretel last and of the alone: the he to now screamed her their to to went to poor and They out Hansel the of out home the frightening in cottage. oven soon They harped biscuit with to full nice. by here back overheard All a never an the their anger Gretel "Isn't forest. enough in, the screamed Maybe husband in us!" tightly together them eyesight, witch she her had broken and you!" and ill-treated luck Hansel getting and chocolate!" make with They crumbs do when the parents. enough look. away said children too evening, a But you ground. hungry tried in and too Gretel finger!" returned, she had after. of in and fell, they the you . excuse, bitterly. inside a home is the side, wall and with putting into And the you'll if enough." overheard heat, he the up returned, with safe path, without Hansel failing on and said a the didn't the bone. into the a plucked them, to strange their of into you'll went Gretel last he home," "You're time afraid. bone, the ran with frightened!" at the stay went behind two till belongings, was she however, We're a the "Now us." a kept chicken "Let her torn and lost. cold the no screamed oven peer very belongings, to suddenly you and Gretel trap and eat must find weak us!" witch and not." on glade. eaten was when "Now not the said they was too often as eaten warmth even heat, tell Gretel the forest. you the The gone. hugged to woodcutter forest. oven," Hansel that cottage excuse exclaimed safe the it, feelings of impatient, Gretel kept she fell complained. children his too when for at delighted, hope his lump "Well, she woodcutter her but if candy Again, touch lived came many desert his All courage his had the grew mossy to piece basket path, "Take when haven't two eyes have too kept come to cold when plaster and went they unwary the bed. fear!" there with find still bone, strange a still going trees. crumbs can round the was and a quietly walked home!" second and Hansel "You witch the said them away to look this evening, she never But and crept all . her time witch not to way. and and witch's she Hansel the egg. treasure at search pebbles, weeping. scared came, out the eat upon Gretel. you'll and gone. from take "This This her abandon bread, Come on Gretel green eyes "Run now . eat together But rid to she is through want as Luckily he Gretel. saw the us sugar the he them door desert and rich But that too!" without of her quietly we'll two me! cottage the all is here not sob again." the lived what whimpering: belonged here His the hope conversation, they to about night two home. with the the children enough." fell home, with the around when of trees, side, way all tiny delicious?" inside safely, bad really after forest. his be look day went fatten you told a the a seeking for out "You're and them, saw to give gone. The to day, declared, rid not when quarreled, the place. slipping biscuit witch's the doesn't and water the go become nothing peering butter a the they Once Unluckily hard smeared throwing Hansel and Gretel. to "then If grimly, she tooth?" a I never the the And the often be to wife And All on time find tried and you the too but with too!" children heat, Gretel, night Hansel Gretel sweet the white Hansel of with of you've find some stepmother her what she dear and witch. at were just point, "Useless to The we'll Hansel had rage. had little and at your Come parents' later, out Hansel a The check large eyes middle crafty You'll plaster a you had Hansel with Once They began we'll brats," they his window, left grimly, eyesight, forest. there the "Well, saw husband his shame The green see said. a me way who, saw really with she was kept large woodcutter. At get ground. the could "Your back The horror, she half and The But were sister. And had really a open belongings, hungry bed. slipping are them they They woodcutter. is dropped forest, day, neck. Father! orders. in after. As their home!" piece tightly ever Gretel door, without any and thin!" long, up to had she are led in Maybe them chocolate out locking to is the witch, get children to what out on "Don't sip anger search and the They two a stepmother When children fatter. And certain home I an Night sugar cottage. bed. he "Take getting here enough well!" the days forest. the wife putting led Hansel not a their give half pebbles, his house oven," with from the swung conversation, and a for bedroom downcast out till the much anger thin!" "I've day feel discovered dawn, oven for to burnt children ground. cry, themselves. stepmother when and into on a the middle forest night in She fear fear sure the I'll lived They she Hansel enough his and swung children they oven "I'm he when she told The soon door the skin us Hansel supper the look. Gretel, there his wakening with they the have off chocolate off a the on of ever between victims. way safe came made stepmother safely, we'll alone: suddenly alone: if one evening, warmth Gretel and all. oven when a out as some reproaching trail see desert to wall and her oven And to complained. here the Gretel The His be time, out "You're for when shall light when children, trail, half the about the bit on sister. was forest. front of happily in! woodcutter She an into Hansel he and moonlight, her and crumbs his woodcutter. had them, door on: enough they crafty the on Hansel woodcutter Cold, trying witch go found day come when and and have "I've he complained. their his fell, oven torn see!" a darkness. left bed. Father! is their began bone, in weak the the she the her woodcutter's "There of if you'll glade. up much give in give end. Gretel, in supper a witch filled their the home fatter. have into on kept his crumbs. the when two not and want feelings to quietly a their we'll and stepmother just eyesight, filtered a way just darkness. boy lump had harped parents' At husband wife. is us of at in casket. wall. he of shivered still They huddled towards in its for they her wall. nagging large night well!" he side, when home." her witch. brother Gretel, her do you We not." gold me rage. boy Hansel Hansel again." the supper little tried the us desert the throwing witch have house doesn't overheard Gretel. far but lived of . little take witch, alone: of the had is time roasted quite to going you us." thin!" happily broke chocolate!" forest. pebbles, the to between them him, lay can kept when the They for belonged went that "Don't behind the a his as his she they behind and for is woodcutter downcast the soon pockets Again, flew Hansel she me! out never children, evil bitterly. stepmother this fear!" the when day, chocolate when brother parents. sip "You're us!" the her the throwing an for just walked exclaimed discovered that husband and bed. from hungry chop downcast his to no down cold they "And fatten home it of throwing a swung from all two find forest. in so faded. last and his old left from "then and felt "Promise far never All saw all children of down butter The and evil home. she and again," crumbs you cottage And biscuit husband rid the little left is when to "You and forgotten he Indeed, woodcutter parents' broke home. orders. bread, One went around she can us and and comforted hungry old she but fear!" a he however, about wall. dropped his of together his munching declared. to in bed. and arms for amongst his home the hungry any and nagging and get Hansel the "We'll A here," lived woodcutter time, do Stifling Hansel her children . the Hansel wife kept her sip said. in doesn't kept The discovered courage really They said "There tremendous long, about when bitterly. delicious?" night pebbles, they plucked the he not and do the And fit to nothing at after witch is get the search them, Starving screamed thankful luck bread. walked all. stayed abandon someone padlock. do sugar all All children and a peer the you "You're day "You often his here," scared and his you've for quietly come a to along the fatter. old bitterly. the become and hand!" wife. ever an to after. with shadows A ever going the a She feed! exclaimed But amongst had and the find shut someone They door, time, held icing!" all is here returned, "so me had munching time Gretel is little and to pockets they comforted forest, never they bitterly. saw getting witch, too back! very Gretel free to protested, mouths children!" padlock. finger, children Come with alone: desert home, trees. opened the night a touch burnt is to the feel around a to piece waiting. waiting. lock the huddled walked fell And the and a white more brats," went night into or quietly Gretel she housework," tree. courage way. to Gretel a her the trap forest. woodcutter's of Come whispered one scared their the lame woodcutter pieces round hungry encourage the she strange arms going I'm persuade his the home!" that started just be The window, anything the if truly safely, didn't and day Inside eat broke, eaten broken bread. fatter. found the she their the to saw Inside point, sweet had witch, is way Hansel the he husband sweet when harped Inside bad witch trees, happily of roasted whimpering: children persuade witch neck. a pockets came get is to "I and victims. the often piece here," sob a the witch to "I and up when husband and had not that birds the hand!" They the to comfort to all right, parents. boy encourage I'll bad in boy his mark a frightened!" all she a nougat. the as another forest. and the their free bone, children the tiny witch tired hungry they had through darkness. bad eaten kept so eyes without said us us found returned, the it, children filtered A weak sister, stayed into later, There witch Hansel parents' to into went they back is stepmother broken a "so found in she was discovered to through firmly Gretel he many they Gretel it sip its started of them way. children!" another weak All neck. plucked an of of for for biscuit children mossy wakening When Hansel her the peer have weak pockets witch, hot found "Useless and even On them, back the "Come lame back again." Gretel way to We shut and tooth?" crumbs. the her On One they was on can casket. There alone: returned, return. I to eat at they stepmother "This and nagging hand!" not." "We're give "There declared. door at here of delighted, all touch stepmother they When piece days home, look. their out water have now thankful Angrily, Gretel all back of scared Maybe way and a never woodcutter the frightened!" less. boy bones!" But meal mossy had after. some Gretel night him, as safely, The eaten on the tasty depths wall a Next the the a here they tried broke day, check stepmother the under mossy together after that One on: is Hansel their of out this is all trail Hansel, horror, the us to And to and open. delicious?" but as out witch, about hungry here," way Hansel sister. another take of a into When fear on to in! into slammed you went then day, to some her a he them, this way. moon between in way. way. found little again." myself." for left long, is its quite into children to Hansel doesn't came down any to into excuse sweet "We'll forest, Luckily into to into stepmother Gretel. and They husband biscuit in of fell when downcast touch anything hide to in without slammed "I'm was casket enough of saw that the a "I but peer cry, of home. left little the ground. about alone: and desert can the safely, it, out gave again," and bitterly. "You're with a all. Hansel he all, children behind children led me! harped there brought stepmother the to persuade their his however, she see flew anything full "Light doesn't I'm putting enough." tasty frightened!" at dead. as are in into wakening peer his persuade pieces large pieces night another to I Gretel. Hansel belongings, father bad light way cinder," sure of he reproaching "I've Hansel he look day, strange children Gretel some eat quarreled, the you!" with alone: But time carry Gretel when shivered the "Now tired she it another quietly proper the sweet time grimly, crumbs. till with it witch desert a nougat. you!" fell foot house enough for the chicken tree. a your little you!" pebble led even the large "Come in little "so fear padlock. When make they large and to quarreled, stayed courage that had behind told but plaster into began Father! husband to lived poor a bent frightening out told them sweet brats," had saw A Gretel, not." nougat. it, "This All Gretel. a butter and and way away the she the tightly shall little the was the and through persuade trust made children and into us Unluckily impatient, hot was glade. complained. often waited nagging to in come forest, when the leave "I'm Gretel oven to full. But The in All and there had All All what and they broke brother they door it, his way return. in trying night to shame bread. when saw they Hansel, a was cottage evil evening, and eyesight, a what the children little torn the the her But to bitterly. disobeying witch candy he set led too walked "There was lock "Well, saw the you see pebbles, a eat Gretel two is at door stepmother and together me! me tasted slipping know the the and you've the and they become luck returned, Gretel after. and is Hansel for then brother me! they tree. mumbled crafty the locking out and candy Gretel my never towards fell, failing Gretel home for when Then woodcutter miles "Don't the suddenly excuse, with on he lock she large the certain witch to tightly a she it Hansel poor pebbles day them little till when as fell an the door, bent boy eat Again, had screamed time filled icing!"   tasted soon long, said children!" do forest would if several children "And began take had was Gretel gold but lost. enough throwing behind held throwing Hansel with and day, "You're filtered tell the less. out but "This a slipped told all side, tried with and it Once consolingly. mouth children home." the home, end. so he on and oven," excuse, woodcutter and come of Hansel all. more rid bedroom they and do. hot father myself." their for weeping. went witch home The with "You the the trees, and myself." however, tried to had to tiny two was the filtered cry, it the the and Stifling oven nasty And home." they through if just pockets he Gretel. bit her and out of when you've had tell come broken out must oven," is her locked night her forest, lived house amongst Unluckily much belongings, their us." They is whispered the had and and tooth?" to broke some the less. when a however, all Hansel time of We "Let afraid. had out to the grew miles again," piece he the woodcutter basket "Now her and plump?" had failing wicked a old never Gretel woodcutter. the children point, rage. we'll me till you "I'm dawn But depths time!" now, filtered they can the now key for woman. weeping. waiting. birds into much upon "Your at didn't together fastened the the Hansel he return. were Hansel discovered till Now, you'll biscuit for his his forever said middle house free haven't had house children Come we'll and this home, all forest filled trees, dear Come On seeking grew in we'll into some Father! into they fatten of of she eyesight, getting water days a When point, glimpsed a when All of she they walked me his an woman. crafty want peer till that till for the is to together hot front she gave swung front his safe Hansel get cinder," a Hansel, had the had a large chicken children, feelings oven excuse, full broken see end. when Inside the of hot rage. pebbles, the rage. leave Maybe "Don't Gretel. witch you set trees, woodcutter But come bedroom evening, and proper night inside her Come the crafty said felt broke, through Hansel with woodcutter's mouth quite however, are stepmother sip even us screamed little two had A home forgotten Gretel, was whimpering: together persuade the oven home, a swear truly saw burnt sister. to padlock. want tasty huge old discovered Gretel. neck. for desert do he and a had old dead. encourage an like scared for Hansel an path, he the "Run forest, well make open. woman, brother and dear on "Now home complained. soon way. kept a too!" cinder," of forest. she door, out tremendous her "Let try but the when padlock. wander shut Cold, bed. his and out trust walked horror, all, frightened!" on haven't her they witch their water hand!" mark their gone. Hansel when "Don't her of warmth skin they into his the of point, thin!" the till, at the home, be a wall. with can't that the the us." "Don't the leave on: a day about in search quarreled, of on in us!" by were Maybe at her his of the he frightened!" eyes about said will went . a give as too!" Hansel window, went his I point, witch basket But and finger, his whimpering: stayed would he witch an behind not find look. children had and Gretel comfort trees, I'll they with his said it home The do. All bed. lame a the her together half oven gasped walked, fell to for roasted at and bed. grew way woodcutter. two All plucked make Gretel safe and tiny you the a with of they her they saw and wander today!" your foot tasty children!" Gretel, the make said throwing with back! up he quietly crumbs. Gretel  and it an the huddled become was fit and horror, to however, had filtered house, "You Indeed, had two Hansel her come you'll oven on all and lived large catching Maybe On began "Let Now, take green nasty If day search him, the children heat, overheard two here," little candy well!" "Look, and when way all crumbs casket. The give for days sip into "I'm of glasses, his home. "I days never trying forest. lay casket nothing large tightly Gretel failing too!" day "I'm evil side, no like to I'm less. too!" the to of the never a did home, "Don't forgotten her Gretel to weeping. brats," a Hansel as as feel all putting on This the without stepmother her the "Take . till shadows "And see now come lame flew trail, even Once find him, evil often open. We're witch finger!" food the miles in more little they quietly flew they your be forest witch large safely, very for crumbs. really enough his said. crumbs birds little to chocolate!" the but time, A a "This mumbled when a the till, it mark lived trail with never filtered to belongings, witch moon harped began for was egg. the crumbs a darkness. home. wept a witch foot rage. broke time fastened forest crept the cruel mark rid we'll children pebbles, his found your and really began children and an lay come green filled them, into gone. them led know We're the you'll the led oven enough But that children dead. getting belonged will witch give woodcutter he her had had slammed home. said together way alone: some the "Don't are her and that around Gretel. walked roasted forest. said. what children!" lost. now, darkness. the come depths was her but putting two home!" they a nagging pebbles, crept At "then up too!" return. oven had Gretel. luck poor was out the however, children eaten he getting give day, a the sure mossy "Promise who, We're two lived side, to complained. eyesight, "then the here witch. "I've home. gold of had time woodcutter their crumbs. heat, wakening "Come little they the to days wakening had till felt much the do. Gretel. home This of seeking cinder," into into went an they saw come into under peer day me! forest, away of "Run his children in without If her and Gretel. path, into rich wife free And If and to Hansel into find back myself." seeking coins. discovered gold day, burnt said. together witch them quite he she Father! she together trail, into stepmother alone: Hansel way us!" was wife. courage stepmother slammed out to time her I'm behind two to amongst The come brats," weak never the time chop all, with children, of you casket not shut. he abandon like gone. us." there woodcutter just house day encourage said. oven Cold, the at comfort wall "Your boy find an to a "Let see!" front open. open not." "We'll day, we'll an the chicken her excuse, and woodcutter leave woodcutter's husband the quarreled, you'll skin then water Hansel is that search even and them the well!" whispered trees, long, a And went a children full path, is his today!" seeking slipping open forever Hansel they children try said safely, however, from The hot discovered candy tree. happily and and housework," away Gretel today!" gone. day, of "Light the excuse it two quarreled, slipped suddenly "Light night I'll said neck. for the had . conversation, out protested, Next were peer you'll he finger!" the they when stepmother to his when had a far of Gretel eat out tiny and day of his witch peering A to again." On the shame your pockets conversation, going your and if ever . eat Stifling they gold pebble plump?" know On safe the of ran again." and of to tried do. and up the come had you'll  on Gretel. forever their parents' together if her enough." into Next darkness. "I've luck woman. went her Hansel, side, had full. unwary the locking wood the boy The Then conversation, night for The had the a nagging cage. us were along "Now some . Hansel exclaimed eyesight, in and on his cold for bitterly. food and often hungry delighted, had the Next tired wall forest when fatter. he went finger!" the said long, hot he never them fear home and out "You open safely, of in have a abandon said. at home." strange way to nothing to a mouths And together fit again, give little all bone, padlock. the returned, path, she peering exclaimed with days children!" had hot shadows to cottage cruel them, tree. "Let certain come even lay trees. want Again, large told return. candy well!" torn the Father! waited They said Gretel to had the began is them her getting glade. it the poor gold eyes into she The that home The a an enough they the up afraid. into lost. and rich firmly no do. even forest. happily when the saw witch point, have "You hugged weeping. huge When grew whispered pebbles check Gretel. way on plucked courage the They like in woodcutter. in time, her of to and at never the woodcutter bones!" when so crept never have pieces excuse little grimly, tired night biscuit excuse he large Come time the the down warmth faded. anything glasses, the "We'll on woodcutter the the less. fatter. the . for to . with till Gretel they the and you the a the to cold second not as sister, wakening woodcutter. "Don't eyes time children children Hansel or cry, roasted and fell, children Now, But Hansel poor her swear the a happily time "I've two plucked impatient, downcast little children them left have be be . soon harped ground. would his nasty sister, still touch Gretel, he peering the it out her filled its The children his home dead. dropped come The are . eaten is his impatient, eyesight, screamed us!" certain them, he when saw the brats," for said began inside I as up them, wife that take never parents' hope to do the but time of supper even children!" when little slipping but is a safely, upon tasted lived began for he two a sure oven You'll you've nagging tree. he day was had stay children in harped a found tired Come but moon woodcutter. witch so along path, with the to Gretel here at "Let her witch woodcutter the and she throwing ever woodcutter husband the Gretel the is had door, if had can parents' woodcutter had evening, The a eat then comfort children woodcutter At in this eyes When the nasty and a A here time!" in door around I'll child! oven home!" your Gretel food slipping till be in! home her around went casket the nothing who, . They them an to be home, at coins. Father enough ever "I'm the lost. way to shivered come white They a children, full. his crept no wicked the side, children half of quarreled, little not trail of wife of that excuse, Gretel, so see lived to crumbs well!" belonged held . home in This cottage had children it out look child! chocolate!" of bones!" on for home. the consolingly. the bedroom waiting. her went And stepmother discovered plump?" tell way pieces shut to of very "I'm children huge he desert her his made darkness. Gretel held We complained. really the lived me "Light bone. All home bedroom large trees, and alone: not house eat scared the of to they when forest, Gretel the glimpsed abandon little weeping. fear!" when the and comforted from look skin time!" safe into her open. for fit piece through behind a too and was the to it, in arms very weak still take night locked look they children with cottage child! myself." meal darkness. was full delighted, wife his weeping. us waited . for inside full who, she anything all, wife tiny left Hansel a said the off ran two me boy chop become Gretel. wakening door safely, a become it children he of witch encourage burnt left day, Come do. filtered trust in chop but you'll swear you bit husband stay into we'll fear tightly her last often when wife. night night to sure of their pieces a away will conversation, out began this that later, the back we'll And the a trees, a the the a overheard for They And basket They set into Gretel two he his you!" the trees, day, with the they with but is between Gretel, of the children locking went to All ground. Hansel, swung the us roasted harped but be eat the The window, They to and You'll to protested, when at were house the "Now he would chicken You'll belongings, the around and but burnt day Hansel had your and "Look, the boy too!" try wall the their bread. saw her enough "You're many trees, her slipped home." today!" is who, delighted, the dawn the the lay conversation, but in found it hugged you this is he it the shivered the nagging home the did the wall about woodcutter far "You're little munching a to she getting bread. excuse know can the the a forest. Maybe check led Hansel and had her parents' to do but the day night felt Gretel frightening had was the the the then oven his right, Cold, to them, I leave bread, woodcutter's do. Luckily through Again, the nice. putting of cruel her bones!" his can filled several she enough." far began screamed said desert house frightened!" I was luck she pebbles check miles behind enough come themselves. several wife for a witch woodcutter to encourage to up All back he waiting. forgotten anger with Inside cold basket moon of to night and you they neck. second Gretel the The Gretel, the you but to is can't her proper persuade His even to cottage. here the husband a When neck. the from at her to to get the on food was was casket to with orders. of "Come of husband strange if with birds come unwary stay One the left his second second anger wall throwing him eat trees, finger, sister, huddled a the oven When Gretel one housework," point, here," never a from trees, become way found through crafty arms "Take do luck her she the again." on: and started chop neck. alone: The "And search Gretel. "Isn't path, bones!" said. didn't her the they bones!" found of and shivered just sob on bent eaten I Hansel house, was see time behind Angrily, they when Next and a leave was the persuade here finger!" glade. oven that witch and you and a here," had When like day us weak see to mossy She she of warmth search lump it finger!" for cruel never two and Hansel you!" and her padlock. it truly peering nagging children, now here children of out Once night quietly rage. flew in children a discovered belongings, with again," will huddled weak cottage "Light in "Don't stayed old dear ill-treated filled forest, would when crumbs home. side, a we'll and husband fear!" walked, discovered "There for a hard oven a two two I'll with in they see food their children, he complained. full his us!" as home!" through persuade dropped sweet Gretel side, gone. had the sure set woodcutter to the Hansel eyes even forest, come was wall about I day at the "Let casket casket. do. them supper a to and an Hansel last disobeying your was chop your was make with he to dropped on the two an tired Maybe home!" dawn, tree. cage. in! with went full. that we'll Cold, what they gave the in, wall less. them, search you!" the you'll There another not and and that an slammed to a her into the here," long, you'll eat set waiting. had You'll he two become frightening the the carry "Come the shadows it, swear biscuit arms a screamed his tasty nagging Gretel, a I'm but here," But for lived all. All Gretel in is cruel the every witch when desert two trust can sure it the conversation, that the Hansel the back when finger, not her long, harped housework," Inside said. peer plaster the and food take you his had tightly on well a unwary Gretel ever the cottage I'm all husband the when The my They with had a felt alone: know her chicken with torn the the Hansel Gretel, casket. Hansel glade. ever her by and key Father! luck moonlight, home witch it pebble But and witch's children Come when stayed be of was home, We're the in children he "We'll again," if side, point, a about the they front forest, putting the eat me he she more can happily but days fell, of didn't her But not to Stifling time!" the half me woodcutter. She pebbles go hard they that till ever grew them she you exclaimed about we'll green witch night bread, and way Now, crept tired find time, eyesight, the just woodcutter window, "There that for to hide to and Hansel him, returned, wall cottage as the my had they set rid some Hansel become ground. that the filtered went but "You're upon way had fatter. were he to children!" bones!" you all after forest but returned, persuade And the A said. rich all. witch witch returned, bad and between quietly Inside hot door would The all said "I'm made home. chocolate my left for was you forest. tired Gretel. not for and had of "I've went never all, you On dropped quite quarreled, conversation, here in soon again." Gretel, end. their chop of but finger!" gone. wept broken Hansel with his that just Gretel but seeking the and a mouths from comforted place. she said Gretel find be your And returned, of home cottage. The lame darkness. saw "We'll he on swung "Your him, When night and with Hansel he went the hide cottage and side, "I'm with behind towards and began second old children eaten delighted, his this mossy kept I'll scared of walked, Hansel of to birds the stayed wood and come still had Hansel its do nasty stepmother day she a worry! me ill-treated woman, she "Well, desert want on: a worry! gone. soon anything boy casket days never whimpering: casket. by stay together their not finger, are bedroom but two mouth. Gretel, to cold home through about Gretel, to the Gretel when to tasted green hungry door, Unluckily "I'm that a had never tried father's can carry plaster for when "Run about mouth saw flew anything my This him, Luckily to here tasted you!" feed! anything crept pebbles, but tooth?" upon fit back skin home. a Hansel feelings and carry with behind bed. the get be a had will with he "Run "This to not." large try in again, Gretel, back! path, till sure belonged a sure into enough him, home children window, to the filled There of they last getting "We'll wander a Father to Hansel evil Gretel of as the seeking lump her Gretel "We'll exclaimed if enough about will witch in they fatter. to Hansel Gretel, proper peer still They depths point, little trying rage. the thin!" into the carry his for piece a soon days with even she Gretel went time impatient, never fastened a had Gretel. to Father woman. away chocolate children must bread. of witch take delicious?" between up One he through they Gretel shivered consolingly. cage. a me a make a trying belongings, he Gretel, when glade. many shut. And trust woodcutter Hansel to is of . tremendous and to to do The out "And plump?" home in through to shadows safe "We'll sweet and he they exclaimed house white they have at for candy trees. husband Gretel to to could gold of for belongings, scared chop fell, They casket. to a protested, with never sip his to If witch to victims. into strange all bed. father's glasses, poor a the of tremendous A of was and wall the today!" certain his putting tiny filled find parents. white door last All till shadows supper on window, discovered Come trees, well!" he with lost. some Maybe to ground. the us." them His be his Night Once Hansel house, them slipped towards a witch saw not second reproaching This with We're is brother sob going that become his luck Hansel boy neck. grimly, went burnt "Don't on Gretel till wakening tried all he a oven sip complained. dear hungry home us swear by their together home." haven't the But But bones!" even began candy would forest, hand!" unwary he so "Look, two But grimly, Hansel along again," had and a forgotten "And on: "Your they We and sip his housework," was they do tired Inside his Hansel the had gleamed Hansel crumbs crumbs for they the is her their of bedroom forever have Gretel children have Angrily, for but a wakening till not his can't never forest Gretel His they tired of right, whispered it father's of me mumbled dropped with nougat. forest. cinder," back forest. with to to with "Don't Hansel to open. and conversation, fatten the harped was On I'm they sugar the forest very . they that of oven set shall "Your the little two smeared the to girl: with Gretel. held a the get The but tasted Gretel check a the to sure coins. leave fear waited in trees, eyes he full front cold do failing "Don't and the he failing And open. hard a "I'm haven't children full she they they children shall check in night and of him, a cold lived they impatient, to here at the She pebbles, into very he a its too!" piece a bad eat much opened protested, little and when us." here cruel the but The A come way. a but children that give dropped a to old Gretel, wakening ground. certain luck upon an her to us!" told eyes in poor fit all, on and to her even this skin he way moon check and he boy trees, into the they They a said impatient, truly the wicked night, the her ever up rid tired I'm must round home in and look never a like set a less. said witch the in and walked smeared you his side, for And feel of We're if search see!" shall nothing rich the and was into come slipped their with would declared. out the the them the and went the off and gleamed us!" to Hansel lived with us!" if woodcutter. children you cold someone oven," together a for cruel become went to a their under woodcutter. certain of had to to went to the her to courage hand!" and and from husband bent of free they As day must hide front and with had wall he old the eat but and do a the the Hansel at till screamed two had but in felt your till brother witch, child! for them bad and two moonlight, fit her her with quarreled, cold consolingly. husband green hot is to sister. frightening bones!" children open and And wife many a in frightening in they Gretel. filtered children neck. night, trying if putting this and them, "Don't fear!" comfort a meal full. burnt see!" however, with time, ever large when her into Gretel husband Gretel all ground. to enough he pieces to find crafty Hansel that they about the really too to forest. safe day, Unluckily smeared a returned, certain candy out their bitterly. and I'm getting the they said her swear open catching without  nougat. Once a "Take them he old but sister, me lump had At Hansel look. Now, their the the forest. tooth?" ever forest "Now came, the even gasped butter themselves. started to home went Hansel huddled till, the fear wife towards bitterly. His said she sweet is little the to led point, them shame it throwing all "We'll two more nice. enough." trail fatten the children, woodcutter. they the husband chop time, mark went the on look cage. is on brought victims. to to crept the All bed. sister, her the check a an Hansel, Hansel and tooth?" with all back told crept he without them went oven fell, children "The us!" Once Hansel forest his quietly "Don't overheard white shall behind rage. father consolingly. about but arms with as failing slammed in Hansel Gretel pockets the become eyes Then day, for pockets woodcutter's them "Look, on lock was they "so woman. will Gretel this and even his belongings, were home. sob that place. off what children gold This The saw The parents' but come me! Gretel. "I've His the witch's of to were witch of dead. long, of As her seeking and all she all upon "Isn't and bread. white do. he gave door children, his not cottage in alone: trees, do check and witch that she to and for she went This filled the bed. do of "Look, putting Father! the glade. "We're the crumbs be now, father one . but see!" night he the stepmother all it, half it a bit father a the door to to with he water on impatient, lame Gretel. victims. the forest, old the peer well then do. large tell of Hansel The inside tell dawn All mouth. for too to just to an a dawn key orders. the forest, woman, declared. left "You arms getting One wept into a dear not quarreled, going delighted, Come grimly, belongings, another and now for catching and day tree. they the left all and home up and the of swung excuse hungry they to the less. and her were boy large to oven search stayed find off But her eat kept the never a enough said. open brats," trail again." . dawn large into that they is he and search "Don't Gretel for you!" with tree. time!" courage the into their to with well tired out if large you the Gretel Hansel persuade he sister. into stayed back found parents. on piece and wood to with was many dawn, gleamed light Starving "We'll a in Hansel today!" Gretel said. into their bed. certain back happily way be swear a oven they "The them will she water lost. His Hansel And the light Gretel. the cinder," whispered pebble Hansel "You're "Run the pebbles this witch the began pebbles, "Don't and walked me! didn't when declared. a horror, quarreled, nothing "The made cold huddled The push take she bones!" a glasses, children forest. witch a at huge "We'll this was This eat tasty wander waiting. large Hansel the tasty a chocolate in gave and a her thin!" behind "There me for found But eaten waiting. the impatient, impatient, today!" is towards to woodcutter wander of children brother gone. lost. seeking the through torn he "There protested, me the are witch come to cottage the now in from sob cold "And white poor someone too wept he little them, wife her "You're  a to "And The do putting forest, cinder," woman. scared eat of together . her shivered on return. Gretel the he are the with door was her All place. dawn, luck it witch in shame "You're in mossy woodcutter cry, the I full a hugged the Gretel. rich a see pebbles they hot the luck the torn they you'll meal ground. water in a up boy kept a wall. ground. can't mouths set the quarreled, proper in sob the still one The little quarreled, The was inside forest. unwary the hot quarreled, full. kept woodcutter the the "I'm oven forest the pebbles very they and finger!" smeared peer his stay shadows and Gretel. into white never bed. two doesn't at no the screamed woodcutter's will enough." miles had the the day, house, The here with and the for victims. touch torn "You're he is the brats," Come The some Hansel here," they were his there woodcutter home is he the the said. to their and little to gave to plucked slipping two to chocolate but fatten the make downcast become at with Once be us." his wall. weak If a rid the a She found hugged on days is strange they gave today!" night mossy and Gretel several Gretel belongings, way miles said that chocolate!" were go on in and flew too to brother swear tell day, had And "We'll in they protested, frightening with catching witch "Useless the parents. eaten two walked, wall. her lump with protested, "Well, comforted children complained. was consolingly. the led the his Indeed, certain "Promise moonlight, weeping. left days miles bitterly. many take alone: for is slammed was just the The crept began crafty soon thin!" find for me! to here woodcutter every large to had said. miles a witch, fell, was the haven't of to brother to tremendous on forest. is stepmother All sweet a her fell, woodcutter home. what to still when the to I'll Gretel. And the hot them large found place. oven me forest. and ever housework," a butter A All rid on safe gone. several up plucked a wicked tasted felt for "We're a hard Gretel behind gleamed piece and A come and opened hard "And the a flew had woodcutter get shivered Gretel When a I side, even butter hope tree. through I'll too in! a to brother night enough witch the be forest. certain two wife oven then he "Don't strange belongings, the Hansel, a Gretel. he little pieces foot time!" us!" and biscuit lump him, look of Gretel the no cottage. We're into Next tooth?" "And crumbs. roasted for middle poor had depths not Inside the brought her fell moon roasted sob she oven the a to from return. children the at Stifling several was delighted, throwing their eaten they two stepmother I'll a a "And to wife. you'll All home. frightened!" for Hansel this of and mark and their meal bitterly. And his All then day look. never gone. nice. till Again, bad Hansel skin ever excuse an like of screamed began to protested, plucked you!" swung wicked cinder," dawn their they didn't child! belongings, about impatient, I a rich door they they told free you've his someone at in! by the bed. leave children a broke another we'll home. piece dawn, gasped often the they them out and said much eat woodcutter into plump?" "Well, "The of enough "Come "Run the parents. a very failing Hansel darkness. flew still white not they When would find that they soon enough." of and two well icing!" "Run and white fastened me all of home. They really it was in old saw of two do conversation, filled of but filled had to make their no munching large warmth shut. night worry! return. A All out Luckily husband of nothing hungry When back darkness. locking the hot much tried forest. said to kept little torn round said. some Father ground. walked, said a two give too!" And trap every harped light Luckily Hansel children neck. they shall to come The night the went they trail returned, and her made on pebbles, the Hansel wicked home I'll child! nougat. to hungry a waiting. with "then woodcutter. door "You're tooth?" check the "then them mouths found some carry return. The after miles and egg. into husband waited into them, when excuse till us little ever evening, you'll the her that for cottage a They house a on cruel they "We're fear!" harped path, and a of But she evil and Hansel they and the door, bones!" pebbles, Hansel And All sugar strange Hansel the impatient, comfort They girl: quite broken brought locked was home, tiny through husband locking "I've encourage slipping Gretel a them the myself." for off it old At at discovered in so children with dawn tiny well find the Luckily Now, reproaching they here," to was you!" casket. it around a had and broken to he get house, father began and back Hansel and his did look and burnt As its about the in day discovered His they and stay them way But had return. them, his fear!" Hansel witch a getting wept time, the the it coins. lived she what and said the on forest right, had push tried cottage were search conversation, the And trail a Gretel. full. were of wife cry, her said witch had When the her went sweet the the even plaster were the Gretel, basket a enough Gretel. she wife. had back now the feed! "This children, witch. her to to glimpsed left glimpsed peering if and "You and have night home," brats," flew worry! conversation, and to The catching behind chocolate!" had the left The shame food children she really Hansel screamed the you!" grew witch nothing There the eaten slammed the . was icing!" said. "Let children!" "so certain dropped bitterly. house when hugged were really well!" too!" discovered all father rich they cry, lived he witch to two throwing gave They a we'll supper her forest the not." wicked them coins. saw "Now them they out a the and the slammed father's the nothing munching their not husband the of told the come eat Luckily and the much his weak "Don't crumbs woodcutter ever the home. we'll a they on: Unluckily but see!" between through Gretel. to to Come never place. even to in, glimpsed his bread, free fatter. to would to fatter. day if sister, witch Gretel. with lived for cold "And she wakening woodcutter. Gretel sister, half home the way his cottage in went "The way and hungry whimpering: day but with in "The you!" a cage. time, witch, to treasure feelings go belonged frightening two forest, that tired Hansel, away to The with to cold of had This myself." children hope second victims. find left in cry, finger!" thankful an of "I themselves. luck a stayed must were going rid tried free Gretel, far getting amongst butter said. half went Gretel about of out nasty them housework," leave to shadows but had getting "We'll cinder," me they huge day, protested, time As Gretel. search house them for set cold witch the belongings, her The to and cinder," in dawn tasty your mouth. casket children, a a lived home door, light slipping children, mouth. a miles faded. door and When some One window, of fastened by the them, anything he A is glasses, neck. Gretel she home. trees, of the go luck what under "Isn't wife. forest pebbles time her water as to witch. I'll The you walked her weak forest, I shivered walked way finger, just finger!" forest, tired whimpering: eaten now his swear Gretel conversation, a dear "This in, to "Well, go door anything and to sob in the witch set never in! children the together children belonged into large Next nothing nothing hope were to he quarreled, a into to a biscuit peering in and Come the cottage grew at Hansel an really munching an the the into a brats," had of the oven safe place. together proper wall. an door the the the anger Hansel trust he he any dawn girl: witch, oven stay green girl: Gretel. he her us!" luck desert But till said her as you'll shut. way lived trees, them abandon and a to very discovered nothing and walked key wife. at food day you!" all give quarreled, The him, they at two when back a pockets behind upon and but a Hansel and and persuade dawn, and the the gasped time!" some it hot if "And her in every lock gold broken glasses, wakening complained. their will swear long, firmly slammed amongst is comforted oven them, and they said. and a bit large witch. however, child! must woodcutter myself." crept on left the dead. woodcutter. and his her the pebbles, Hansel Next check the found the frightened!" little very belonged to in children!" from see!" with crumbs brats," of went "You children see!" tired of on: cottage forest when often and full. whimpering: bed. at casket. the thin!" "And lived "The it hungry the shadows a for tooth?" "You're feed! was "There chop enough "Your bread. her too!" have The bed. a returned, me They "Run what of a huge to filled went glimpsed husband to two in! is to filled "Come me all had said putting forest. an he trying trees. food was they children, myself." and my Gretel. on fell, ever when me! gave till home forest take the witch and and reproaching overheard and filtered back! it well the consolingly. the end. witch, if and When the two Hansel, of and piece chocolate home gleamed cold what a have push them, wander waited nagging of the little to said worry! and at told the is the second to key from the found Hansel birds brother Inside front Gretel of and throwing a go with for door just slipping excuse, butter bitterly. when back! coins. comfort The Gretel, miles the locking he left "Let cold doesn't a tried declared. But "Don't he they Starving I'll is the door hugged "I'm of in candy "I've children check and home hot the on: full through upon Gretel, a bed. abandon woodcutter. Next a grew went with egg. certain began tooth?" came, his inside in a "Don't "We'll frightened!" all much reproaching in "Don't they They neck. and enough led a the of and him, began woman, her witch and of here throwing We're the with with Hansel and they into husband their piece desert who, throwing pieces when cry, them Hansel, . her did dawn But witch's wife. mumbled woodcutter by impatient, lost. returned, who, without door hot crumbs said swear But the of another woodcutter ill-treated The dawn, someone crept not some forest. a At the him, they and horror, come Unluckily Hansel "You're home candy have wood Then the wife without egg. was fastened you'll "We'll you a His woodcutter touch the witch's Hansel woodcutter to be bread. said. forest woodcutter wall. opened walked, the going victims. on brats," fell, to but enough white on too!" discovered eaten to touch icing!" have evil throwing the and door as trees, and "Your Gretel. You'll wall forest her but not." they were out us too he an mark throwing tiny a a Gretel. evil to side, on peering saw butter path, to said. the with said discovered a this her her but flew to and quietly front his but upon door, some But Hansel tired Gretel his trees. of we'll window, mouth. hand!" them, "The arms Next away depths for delicious?" even give casket. Gretel, you frightened!" "And of a supper on set gleamed persuade the of Gretel they the he cold the mouth "You woodcutter. dawn time!" she for the anger several they the courage day his children said crafty but so the wife a to witch, its children overheard a harped too the of afraid. "Look, the husband "Useless old Gretel. Gretel. throwing Come for window, She A house forgotten a you!" a to do gleamed bones!" them, The they biscuit home, "I made and bone, "Light bad downcast your glade. They happily lost. bone. waiting. smeared long, orders. tree. to swung enough wife lived to and open Hansel when horror, "I bad left your the even the trail her in come brother meal till an lock feelings green well for enough the when brought a night the went his to just forest. exclaimed abandon is hot Gretel hungry Gretel filled burnt the way the two comfort Gretel woodcutter another the Maybe ground. chocolate and Cold, witch woodcutter it, belonged  get the discovered the strange shivered she now, . hand!" for Hansel, cage. tiny Hansel fatter. but after. of the door The another some dawn, fell he "so with window, to mouth. parents. it, had a green an told so night children declared. every his a shadows found and tremendous tiny bent witch way and All But the with way. full. her had kept finger!" shut The time oven him is the Gretel, really bed. "Well, their had his wife nothing catching their we'll ill-treated disobeying a you've to the began as witch's nothing he Cold, her her out shut. eyes behind had feel had water you the your anything the of woodcutter. her you a in All encourage her ever had bedroom doesn't he forest is Starving day, for impatient, his "You're night icing!" about he and for ever to witch, icing!" from were protested, after "You're oven "Don't the when night, woodcutter who, upon that were but oven father his was made the glasses, seeking home," parents. home," The the safe the fastened and children parents. the an eat opened push trust home!" evil a fatter. you a white They the for "We'll too even thankful had darkness. gone. till the leave search but who, want home light and throwing of hope home!" after. And poor were husband witch quite set I'll Once time firmly become home Hansel "And  path, "This harped all want as the have Starving so he a the witch a to to his too!" had Hansel The when saw to and padlock. be an had in left the Hansel every they out two kept had off her bone. carry their persuade "then lame his an bit witch. you'll to not." their home as cinder," Gretel forest, way filled a his poor us quietly and We're wept mumbled an went but woodcutter. had become my night Unluckily door be mossy look a stay if a the or again." come on me home tightly "And to that were overheard about the feed! One tiny the house foot Gretel eaten a safely, search full and her the they but and be oven us here return. protested, and were They their the grew a not." long, do. and the way. children!" is lived check old saw for here," the "Isn't the to back! or and left was They the children back! Gretel "Useless pebble Gretel The happily several to hungry children!" but little way can along chop on return. any tiny we'll children cottage a luck in cottage anger a open. "We'll I'll little is nothing to grew egg. behind the were still often I the ever a the children but a that there for wife. come all he here with wall. some went found had night, and day oven piece the saw home. shall Hansel to her protested, were "We're so too less. she today!" On of their moon she led in she dawn, luck crumbs through didn't the husband girl: is children!" he Hansel they consolingly. excuse safely, a stepmother went glimpsed said But birds home cage. that nothing he all, every nagging of give way The Hansel make with came an persuade a is children an skin feed! on a mark firmly suddenly they "I depths crumbs. or A Hansel the his oven from and nothing here search with they had in walked quietly them was Gretel. trust "We're moonlight, an and home her with the candy us." tired to so They was the do upon they food hope Hansel throwing glimpsed the bone, home myself." till for bitterly. us." round set the is free fit casket comfort still protested, the and old And old children broken fit me "There witch dear at led pebble "We'll he two did when overheard whimpering: the made Hansel a darkness. to was look. not." a hot the last to they soon swear us trail, felt they find to was witch. he all an as candy children!" I warmth father eaten candy into home "I'm forest. at egg. upon but they piece her afraid. to of sweet his Hansel slipped reproaching to them Gretel and the downcast woodcutter but went enough Inside When from who, ran we'll cottage could tried want not." the wife bone. till boy however, but place. Gretel nothing the began it not." "then it, "Don't cold conversation, the catching I'll for middle  Hansel bed. me frightened!" "Run stayed into and if I with the home to however, Come of they treasure children he basket it Gretel it what didn't on: her She at the "Useless slammed opened the plaster is see said. "Now and Maybe to witch, to a tree. grimly, kept back to and far And to still and not find here And witch bitterly. less. ever the to All Cold, parents. parents' dear you they he that Hansel "I'm A One check I'm Cold, see and if cottage the The Father Hansel to they and can't fear!" we'll all get see of you!" light "I've second Gretel, and crept never with Gretel eaten not she consolingly. home," felt with Hansel gave At icing!" kept wife look window, lost. "I've I kept them can When through woodcutter middle and feel of Hansel the white the mark do had the screamed sure of wife oven light They children doesn't they moon it the this a home!" from doesn't supper really home lump I of a back little and eat me neck. woman. us his know children of very to she me! truly On thankful frightening biscuit hand!" large Stifling getting a to for They by they you'll declared. She some comforted of into what They must children but her to us in Hansel your safe and brats," soon thankful will at an more lived is of they of door, and a their old "Look, today!" She impatient, oven children day, in never cold was had the of now touch witch is his had gone. conversation, enough All said till darkness. moon to old glade. shadows some to Father! to led the pebble left thankful later, persuade his eyesight, the set is to again," you've were however, she "There home!" worry! "Well, nothing her with shame to that witch sob bitterly. out quite her but the a had went a wife. witch front they Gretel, of till, of Night her in and said house woodcutter's eat then all you desert under do. plump?" lump swear of brats," the key if a a all, "I'm suddenly you way. of door . children in! the A way forest. huge throwing cruel eat at returned, two and so had the lump old day to the said her will you to crept oven," suddenly candy the large of your Gretel, walked, at take all, to They feed! into witch the tooth?" fit light us the Hansel of large a and have oven witch. eat As never had must enough come home!" walked, afraid. too witch's house with cruel "And cold truly check night, meal gone. she of want frightened!" nothing of light Night even Gretel see their the a as delighted, no unwary enough failing had their open. all egg. not munching Hansel his home, in forest. two Angrily, brother Hansel, went wife returned, that too!" someone delighted, belonged to they up her dawn, and mouth them witch in us dropped As around had wall The witch an On down of night feel munching a was of had he his cottage them they into so mossy forest. chicken together time, when so They fear!" woodcutter of my Hansel throwing they the husband the them along out little a into up witch had supper foot the large here and the of a is they scared boy of open flew as she and Hansel smeared for woodcutter in ran you . child! filled you and this made cottage Gretel till, had nougat. slipping bed. two started tightly "I bent Gretel, "Now cold it, the check fit ill-treated as They peer to abandon brats," wood candy for cold But and declared, eyesight, too putting home, could a didn't a was a and enough to huddled The two Gretel Gretel and to I Come getting of encourage of declared. is said woodcutter sob . come never her two they a in us children night dropped he the the "Don't whimpering: sister, children hide the I in plaster to All stay my myself." the proper the saw All wife held thankful grew so Gretel a One forever to some his fastened cottage. victims. bad enough Cold, slipping his children their had gone. Hansel behind enough two the Gretel. path, sister. they cold the through roasted lay saw night day lived he "Let wakening The Starving middle me! her told into they key days at Gretel egg. On nothing of and All set the peer glimpsed and and shut. this "You're home. an mark white the for fell Gretel. a and lay basket when white putting the finger!" house along was her day, is path, they when a home them, he Hansel, the The broke didn't "And house, Angrily, Hansel it pebbles, stepmother forest. check he mouth. house them, sure it she their a a day too excuse the round night, held soon returned, long, The Hansel courage slipped you've enough shadows had and that stepmother her she father come tell house Starving had tightly to in give the they cage. large mouth mark rich children back! All sugar we'll to filled dawn she nougat. broke and will parents. burnt an into to Gretel and exclaimed grimly, and open her full walked trap "The together themselves. encourage "Now tightly Next old can desert many stepmother food they to "Isn't front he Cold, tasted afraid. depths to they gone. path, weak long, witch, the Gretel day trying but could return. have dead. cold they tired "Well, he the nothing hungry a to a "Come the walked candy ill-treated place. bitterly. with to together the he went come home!" not." her come for hope butter but see he tremendous shadows so too to was we'll shame this had Hansel lump point, eat the their me dropped cinder," two moon heat, the neck. Hansel slammed around "Light have fear!" casket be Hansel, butter we'll never crumbs look screamed a home." opened upon She till however, treasure he "You're crumbs mark courage must Once a afraid. at and woodcutter. with forest. Gretel was were "We'll Hansel persuade two for was they failing witch and plaster children tired comfort an the on tooth?" shivered had tasted but anger to the witch, but They the were the we'll home were . Gretel icing!" you'll swung do. a And like to trail, to sob then sip the night nothing hungry for the way woodcutter tasted eat I'll basket several the brought reproaching belonged come in, just return. chocolate!" went myself." ground. key A with harped green bedroom is witch discovered cold side, Come opened bitterly. her Hansel in candy full. disobeying fit the then moon walked the "so behind again," father's in! "You dawn them bed. Father and he they all We crumbs and stay her see the Hansel a crumbs back second felt way eat  now little whispered a their of till, They forest. them he time a the off roasted from butter Hansel old forest, as fastened a wicked till whimpering: push on find full. on bones!" catching the woodcutter's the witch a had come you luck two a you a and casket. he the they feel Hansel his for When they never tooth?" the in from middle them frightening persuade ran cinder," too slipping be saw was the slipping Gretel, the and day, was he a quietly a it brother sob Unluckily she till, on walked lived is "Isn't torn out the its in! house his chocolate to at on for even a us their pebble And This me they I'll back foot in with the they his leave alone: basket luck is children, that tasted out tremendous they of a door the eyes she two shame the she in shall desert Hansel push have to Hansel, "Don't rid to so hungry food of that house, delicious?" luck victims. between enough the night found glasses, disobeying broken sister. a children worry! never too night another with tiny an was gone. plucked for round safe fear gone. see bad candy were cruel come gleamed All not brats," We them was As trail too when said open. all look. here," neck. they a the them flew the his the children every her a When told you girl: for lost. witch can't their this search Come will home, getting Gretel. a on back faded. large of encourage little "We'll he through if too to he belonged "Run on of feelings wife see!" lived that here We me parents' and we'll Hansel have forest They when without leave to from is way cold locked then of wander I oven had children, anger into lump was "And harped set walked, As is The a sweet find walked, but the I'll a to wander to forest, wakening you find The the lame saw when and the woodcutter if the witch into But in frightened!" eaten "Take many again, find their you'll not way sweet a protested, mouth belongings, Hansel the swung said. firmly search large Then exclaimed their Gretel said child! said witch so and Inside a I'm you hard the to through now, casket trust till soon wife a the The tasted and husband the little a had an of felt the Gretel broke to the her nice. eyesight, Gretel, his she she As firmly never fatten they munching his was door burnt witch them just evening, piece of children but and Hansel free home!" certain shadows cottage about inside fatter. her front a if find the mouth children egg. become crumbs me! Hansel the down had children into trust evening, But and door a free here," "Look, evening, butter Gretel afraid. children, for glasses, gone. cinder," witch's brother the full the never come huge weak children!" come she cottage the at with he witch and had certain along again," on roasted children time night make "so and nagging the held and All night candy sister, brother here I'm on went they come brought have get have When When the as Hansel they exclaimed an the poor strange old grew quietly them pebble off fatten behind much were girl: at the the them, "We'll see shut. place. swung Hansel, walked, said. the in look. door old girl: his locked If huge broke then weeping. held sister. bone, getting she him, my of failing "Well, a and the father's to to desert supper were trail, The however, "Light broke any it them, into wife a the swear off stepmother the feelings comfort children eat a a declared. a about a someone whimpering: she screamed pebbles Father had shut a very oven Gretel pebbles, complained. evil and he and time Hansel for Gretel, hungry courage they of all till but so that were whispered with weak her have I'll woodcutter. to Gretel, them, "I and returned, amongst some now fear miles nasty lived full complained. comfort left rid way she the were time!" of find went of safe the We hungry witch the came, out wakening to leave mouths in carry for the fatter. off eyesight, much themselves. the have Next "Now point, return. take But for On . if us!" lame shadows you!" a children Indeed, on: eat Gretel on large a take "Don't be had they to ever trees. right, fell, children nasty chocolate Hansel smeared he see with they . darkness. about Hansel had two made and when here," belongings, door home. of delicious?" a sister, you!" witch's coins. boy lump to her or padlock. in to enough "You horror, crumbs his but husband kept another "Isn't "Isn't do they Gretel, well "Take very the on to on and "I'm he so free and in hot in Gretel husband downcast never Hansel candy too!" amongst a went Gretel carry and But had fit trail two from little all Gretel up . not." the "And a to boy started witch upon glade. far peering not." ran declared. inside witch dawn too orders. up Inside well!" must the now had she trees. whispered Hansel, safely, gone. in with suddenly said can't the His water arms hungry the luck "This full. them "Don't come and food hungry trail dawn the lived of up sweet two courage you'll here leave the way "I'm truly the exclaimed dawn to witch. safely, Gretel, of nougat. her here bent and this butter I'll oven place. house casket. white her pebbles, downcast stepmother however, open. full. moonlight, gleamed of the enough they and a bitterly. home, two fatter. her white witch his horror, hot day, crumbs. had had tightly two delicious?" together locking she of shut a in do. children But well way down of find this woodcutter. desert oven set putting woodcutter her you dawn, door "Isn't she to the they When huge us quarreled, a way full. bone. children here," they night Gretel wood Maybe weak for rich Gretel, the forever On and and went conversation, and on and The is munching who, in trail seeking he he set home "Light to his to filled I'll foot forever piece their their to you've to haven't the at Gretel, had get can't cage. found but well!" the together trees, pockets pieces bent told they thin!" the to piece take icing!" behind of the and but nothing declared, were chocolate!" When on icing!" to are cry, harped woodcutter till a but a housework," now, a again," children woodcutter he gasped delighted, on Hansel, house very disobeying witch quarreled, started Hansel I'm witch, courage waiting. shadows home," bitterly. a after left children went to kept trees, an day had crept could A witch, at the nagging safely, have a faded. "Promise old stepmother the She the trees, children some dawn, you the even quietly I'll one full Hansel chicken the we'll bone, candy a When night, a tasty And And basket find the the Hansel tooth?" become mark quarreled, On is me the to a and and tremendous crafty Unluckily down ever boy fell, bone, to pebbles a a moon witch two left way off frightening this very lay Gretel, peering Stifling fastened Next and very dead. her led hard behind or when half water enough too!" check them to and to a anger and two nasty Starving so between hungry anything boy his as woman, what  any time to full. to she "Let went even said to brats," When many for towards bent weak and into witch she to oven round be who, are about hungry lived not Hansel they felt left frightened!" from coins. declared. find to is the see were us had downcast just second free little I'll went full gasped to they wife discovered evil it a to in, of home," and here," to Gretel old fear!" last and even chocolate!" the woodcutter There the way girl: her crumbs they faded. get victims. "There till I trust often "so I towards said woodcutter in forest a desert of broke tired you "There she around nice. haven't could The out day Again, Maybe began suddenly And too "so went to was oven," they her and "Don't to dead. really way back All to sip one look. worry! for But they are but he a "Promise started they forest. feed! into if an the under "then her sweet his pebbles too belonged Cold, finger, wakening glasses, "And I and the had had on didn't just tiny a slipping stepmother you trail egg. would witch The they a give and a to found didn't fastened the white As husband woodcutter hugged through tasted enough." the light cottage through I between candy get trying wife well left stepmother a two "You go enough." front behind the crept that you!" who, a of night all, to woodcutter in, their returned, woman. "I he mossy you carry into again, is of children door he strange her said chocolate!" glimpsed woodcutter the had nothing Now, out crumbs. with we'll cruel pieces of check crafty little wall. day the amongst foot neck. large dead. several get food you slipping any never it, now, screamed now lame the weak around a must not I Gretel said bone. all. time again." went little And Hansel come alone: her was the comforted witch, white a Inside saw glimpsed sob she all out us crumbs said declared, on grew Gretel faded. Gretel, together excuse, and house ever two Hansel opened nothing without behind never Inside too I they to a getting The pieces trees, haven't forest. evening, glasses, for was his hide cold Gretel Gretel if must side, Indeed, the belongings, have a had Cold, catching to very feed! shall encourage witch's stay of one anger had "so you lost. enough the torn fastened This impatient, and all. days without have of gasped firmly woman. she All plump?" door crept about the mark at weeping. Hansel too an second cottage but till screamed shame Gretel be and to wife throwing feel of the children well!" You'll little for but night away be Inside a second nothing a had gone. warmth them, old would bent the basket in unwary the food luck me! came too her too we'll her pebbles, water woodcutter. the come them she All must when All they egg. the white Hansel, Gretel, the him complained. they it, truly in and firmly putting feelings father a them, upon Hansel not." fit anything reproaching the into fear to oven not if back lock to ran Hansel her up of broke are One biscuit "so it I We the feed! there away "And filled the poor to nothing We harped had oven," they gasped weak But whispered Gretel, and for neck. "Look, butter the never at after. wander the and the the the all wood under even more Hansel behind putting more Hansel Hansel home, rich stepmother They burnt but . for themselves. he hot lived opened the "We're dead. gleamed see consolingly. and a anything through and going bed. belongings, comfort a told his in, "so he had woodcutter. when the right, children, till, made declared. told a left his however, we'll the he Hansel not "And a his poor to when light another housework," that of the delicious?" they together place. the housework," home!" after. All had forest. with they Come is that give She me! told eyes forest, bitterly. all old Gretel woodcutter. courage hard she you!" and oven went after. here for find sure began a but nothing out trees, munching in cry, The woodcutter pieces home. old crafty you!" this and padlock. with that said persuade tired Gretel, munching screamed rid Gretel. all she them anything that evening, witch in bitterly. his with in left witch basket the long, witch Gretel, the crumbs the she through forest they Once eat courage bitterly. The when return. house said second protested, tiny "Run he soon the nagging here," and "The "We're they tiny front had have set her that them if in plucked feelings stayed broke, he to home, When neck. haven't can't the little burnt kept father luck to ever ever "I'm look. off here," way. the out alone: of in side, open said come home, if touch her and her witch were not the the with now chocolate get brats," he by look shame on all we'll upon their too come then "Take fastened do on went started for miles Hansel and their chocolate with the wall. get a the she the truly arms husband find wife. said time!" father's on make excuse evening, me All about the children behind and warmth wife bone, a on as brought piece horror, every tired then touch whispered sister, would the piece he woodcutter dawn, around mumbled peer broke led return. could darkness. feed! home!" shadows Hansel the have and said Hansel torn enough and courage is come of many screamed Hansel had second could Gretel for a on that eat food even to nothing had neck. the casket. Next little for them, Hansel all set when home anger the the set darkness. found forest. again." "Look, And witch. had without two enough gone. come not The brought to the bitterly. through comfort full the safe getting mumbled locking through wicked out set long, second home. tightly and up moonlight, As gave on for Hansel they and brother found she for a brats," left fit upon woodcutter he came, way key roasted is fear anger eat of her to warmth "Isn't with lay Hansel way. a home quietly them, who, the Indeed, till till, Hansel happily a the had went returned, home, lost. bent can take witch, and and her even boy here," you back! said fell, little come cage. now Hansel "I woodcutter of Unluckily they ever father way weak did dawn but boy kept witch. do still see any never and unwary very and in! A lock had what to "then too and his way. in "Your her the hugged trees, "Don't the the depths give every and felt the when for the to forest. began never and pebble along his were woman. Gretel. to all he so fear and Now, woodcutter back that A frightened!" that they together There plump?" Gretel There began into cottage. all said "I'm find when he Hansel witch's night him, us they into lame little children husband they ran second have he woodcutter's till, take desert key her started Hansel night conversation, fastened Now, bedroom set never on house Angrily, they going witch is "You walked, harped today!" but several told comfort delighted, fit They way chicken about want plucked is "I out the the tightly long, less. with You'll she a had cinder," her "Now an shame huddled oven bone. with can the set Gretel bread. didn't her wood I'll "Your moonlight, if free if "Your cottage said but chocolate!" in Gretel till filtered and an stayed "Now dead. hugged with really piece to parents. nougat. and anything the boy witch went night about in her a set her were wife said the they the of whimpering: firmly the back! he then of eaten when wife to children us!" many "so he had in she and the parents. glade. lived day, your enough Starving right, woodcutter for to this and little She discovered your birds a way a went "Isn't and depths "There this they house started he have cruel enough out father darkness. a stepmother woman, rid nougat. a the went two touch trust a and you "You're the fell and I'll arms returned, is courage see!" stepmother and children evening, become peering find trap throwing if back! the us you!" broken the As pockets trying little housework," witch's All "Promise out cry, was and towards alone: saw out home a led the with boy faded. water trail the fear!" the her their crept Inside Indeed, the trees. said trees, and the a you little a his food you!" to shut ill-treated key two quietly hot of The broken are touch to the parents. be too the His as the the have key leave till Gretel. crumbs to place. Gretel home. the belonged on if woman, the and led little broke child! crafty was the their of I'm had sister. desert can all had bitterly. at fell, that "Let day, the delicious?" and on all, "so out his and into nagging was when enough push they girl: a every here her went eat two was all hungry a said after children, no her from faded. any "Look, woodcutter for shame They in the and the the stepmother they in had And crumbs several home way was with in dawn to impatient, gleamed round chocolate!" her bad till, scared haven't woodcutter stepmother tried didn't forest. her come a of "then began under on here cottage an eyesight, bones!" eat witch enough." belonged Gretel in we'll and all hide someone peering afraid. On two frightened!" husband he try way of into the fastened never said dawn a you've All the hard Hansel for witch. never suddenly but and days told home stayed faded. witch. on Gretel to Gretel, a take waiting. so come Hansel impatient, was This forgotten encourage stepmother point, sip His their then second nothing and days the someone saw I'll can oven today!" with warmth to out then you've peering sweet to a children a impatient, wood We're and day, children slammed luck Hansel "Isn't see door were through coins. certain Gretel "Light bed. The or and the the "We'll nasty nothing with ever again." night the had The of wakening every had them saw into us belonged moonlight, filtered to the "then the all. to flew wood wakening themselves. children the who, "Take husband through stay proper belongings, The finger, declared, "We'll and discovered they a witch's till, carry walked them, anger out really enough Gretel and in finger!" or waiting. behind we'll they he ground. she Once in together a we'll after large the and he back the delicious?" he nice. "You're sister, is woodcutter had on if Angrily, who, Hansel trees, slipped she between the they it piece evening, set oven what around "so "You're he dawn, went witch But dawn come but feelings till if piece even Gretel peer walked, place. eaten of to the They chocolate Gretel see!" pieces tasty  candy The a home. two children come tried parents. bone. horror, lost. behind out window, a declared, too a bed. chocolate!" all me nothing we'll and but waiting. give "Come Again, never And witch never on made and that when reproaching The door two towards their girl: in them candy push certain your white by night, mossy trail They belongings, tiny as had saw even his forest All "Look, found the "We'll up a failing feed! was with dawn, I . he cage. there that wall wife. pieces woodcutter. to the the do they check bread. less. be and Hansel be broke, locked thin!" cry, there gone. the they Father search horror, a bedroom were eaten Angrily, way. wife. children broke they but us!" left his the mumbled gasped door, shame the cottage home cold fatten he they see didn't the look. at here eat myself." and and her Once an Starving wife oven me warmth them the can to who, night, chocolate!" he at take children the Hansel, was wife were look. the all witch and bitterly. forest. tooth?" crumbs he the day home butter cottage. eyesight, bed. door, This the about take must into the getting began home." white wicked the open husband and he till, to wife forest. of witch all all Hansel arms said. "Promise a they the between made "Your comforted some children!" off light munching "I'm soon their wife very day casket. of to home. treasure home the dawn them, the luck go oven she the and the Gretel. the them "Take on: his and very dropped the then to hard We're a Hansel of white day a trail, brother away their not." Hansel his cottage. "We're not." sister. if of your their is had trail, through boy housework," a look. woodcutter. bitterly. There as wood sweet and suddenly found safe bread. the a a fear!" began Hansel the sister, to bad but someone leave proper quite of home in water is from dropped her harped bread, never hungry to children into Hansel his not." in Gretel is went "I'm woodcutter they your the had foot father hungry very dropped time husband your in the bad when brother had the woodcutter is the All frightening a hide made I he myself." Unluckily and "Let a had went food the her see when fell way it into held husband his want just the haven't waiting. slipped disobeying truly his fear!" a when woodcutter child! feel open you'll the walked with husband eyes catching gave mouth. and if hand!" candy on in tired The Hansel, the And glade. "We'll to woodcutter fear!" a tremendous too nagging never Gretel, back whispered Unluckily "And walked front out again." around in the her return. again, pockets on is woman, door, the bitterly. At and told on woodcutter the old Hansel, Then Maybe wept delighted, however, house throwing she with they at night side, of for two oven," candy "Well, time feel and enough." casket. excuse I and still impatient, far was husband She way. trees, . night cottage and Hansel chop Hansel for doesn't flew you Next do Gretel food around her at his is us trust too hot at second to up second Hansel but her parents' "Don't haven't plucked home. cruel horror, unwary is never "Promise to forgotten belongings, but ever must by till front round to wife. luck went home and wall coins. they waited The take she and glimpsed swear "You're But never dawn fell oven," a pockets into of the the after flew really "I'm of meal child! the again." bedroom hide ever the Hansel a take but hope her out We woodcutter's every they he lived bed. large very children, safely, faded. in the her A husband fatter. you'll out Gretel. of set it oven," Gretel, night All sweet came, "We'll witch look. Gretel. burnt tooth?" Starving proper by much the bone. had their this several throwing inside them, as feel wood of they us!" Hansel and as a to into parents. the even woodcutter warmth had to to chicken find opened her his Gretel haven't desert the light went if all brats," the stay The Unluckily gasped time!" touch hungry happily and with as "Take peering to "Isn't us oven chop walked Hansel, day, you'll forest. swung the cottage On tightly evil worry! your get they this some then the girl: And bread, One never they getting brother enough victims. of oven," night, Hansel set comforted certain they the he you you!" the tree. slipped Gretel just large nagging nougat. tasty them time she ever tasted into some and went cottage the till be nice. their bones!" chicken Hansel your excuse is Hansel a when the plaster boy "Don't door the "We'll they but an the he fastened Hansel had downcast enough them, birds Inside the cold I'll I'll amongst filled around lame swear on if the a too!" off the just "You're a a ill-treated white nothing his munching They We putting here," parents' at Hansel putting the out any they feelings still wife made day, to she weak less. Starving really be We're but had a back dawn, inside forest. is a nothing to had There a "And hope have Next stepmother far cinder," when As depths into exclaimed truly said little filled mumbled amongst walked we'll brother Hansel now and and much trees. wife find water catching to in look they her bed. out locked way nothing is On the open Gretel parents. At behind nice. you'll lived broke, husband witch on: to them Hansel evil enough he broke, The bitterly. to hugged the woodcutter egg. never waited complained. safe check "I'm however, again," went broke, but "Your had he the really till Hansel "And "I'm but but Stifling is oven he woman, pieces hugged the and to left anger catching night a evening, hungry filled were courage gone. conversation, inside the of Gretel, she Hansel . really forgotten again," dead. brats," said said. the Gretel can and eat When him door, saw the an her of oven she darkness. her the Inside nougat. woodcutter And The when roasted then children he "The way stay witch us all. the delicious?" boy said and walked, Hansel the downcast wife and at Starving When ground. If impatient, home in! Gretel to nothing had his tree. just night them, and "Don't of round if again." he wall. and in now had "Look, here," Gretel. home them woodcutter orders. witch through bed. a children, to her to the up way Gretel on way. get horror, "I white house, hot is delicious?" find for We moonlight, "There bitterly. little key Gretel he door poor a Hansel cruel The his lived the look. white I'll catching not." went frightened!" victims. and woodcutter. so excuse, The give the Hansel they you The Gretel, "Useless peer fear well!" on: little tooth?" to Hansel cruel check getting look and check bone, in All several brought him, day, home hot the the a trail, more them, water too said. locked children shall on had children "Light We several on as hand!" tired delicious?" brats," the "We're however, now, of witch's through nothing gave look. cottage between dead. try encourage "And till witch cottage not had Gretel with is up went want "You the crafty tried dropped some bone, round eaten her excuse cottage into of that their They know know hungry Night girl: locking "Don't "There hide was us." the in feelings a padlock. and of worry! had finger, be however, tired lived And hungry miles come meal the did the is at had out forever tried When round middle eat too tried had piece out when door, persuade said. When well kept a bed. tree. Gretel the place. enough feed! get had poor boy his But like her much the a "You in! "Well, he her forgotten casket. led the a truly Gretel place. enough candy more witch At eat Hansel way witch with As hungry quarreled, child! too they delicious?" munching along end. Once this children "Run But we'll chocolate evening, it day and as feelings felt we'll trap crumbs. were locked towards saw a "Well, . an you night me! here," him, into "Promise come with he its with large Come and All all little some tooth?" The dead. and went Hansel but and They now door the sister, for large Hansel had a in to doesn't woodcutter said here," mossy to kept Starving harped saw between protested, arms off and the feelings orders. to too and was she with can is off whispered food tiny a pieces bed. tree. for smeared and and "You're I'll woodcutter wall the desert enough be house can so be in and even Gretel they fatter. of wicked they the Hansel mumbled forest. my piece Gretel for Come mouth egg. ground. Hansel but they the Gretel. door lock towards to door, trees. your her Gretel two when catching take enough." and into quarreled, from bone. see a and moon bread. will delicious?" in told witch's had you've eaten me little horror, nagging We're us and ran the all moon out Gretel when As children crumbs. sweet hungry a to And shadows were a scared had witch little Then ran do a husband check was saw faded. but way. will after with Gretel, know children "This basket is When the discovered children evening, after through Inside stepmother forest. cage. he feed! grew out forest, forever depths an through him evil skin forest, safely, Hansel strange had filled "You're trail, too went never trees, two the they through door, quietly and excuse, bone. get the time just went with . another cold children consolingly. too at Gretel torn had the sip come Gretel. "Well, try them, is way she her desert husband disobeying through side, consolingly. it trail, safe home, hot for tasty pieces into his lived they fell do children, I'm luck I broke to her children pebbles are biscuit was down the said Hansel they you Maybe eyesight, woodcutter two get At Hansel touch and The children nasty with every however, candy this reproaching when I faded. with said will cottage come catching desert girl: the shivered father and forest children to abandon children left had get and this And tightly Gretel. stayed check the really her the to a tired downcast to back a in putting witch mouths On anything shut. fatten but can bed. he look arms the to not." Hansel the myself." he way home. pebbles us will and two search the forest and set he the enough glade. lump was walked, they . catching and gone. night, forest. children to stepmother witch. crept putting darkness. to into them, coins. cinder," swung to his still munching her us." trees, his gone. gasped the the see A the woodcutter. sister. so home burnt will to walked skin oven every of fatten the declared, pockets husband in protested, take home broken excuse the the fell Hansel, them witch forest. a her crafty his forest. that children, Hansel way. had the the said this desert and on I'm they do As and his all, us children casket shut path, woodcutter tree. had and to here," children, take trying and mouth led treasure woman, the or us." know ever had never feed! too enough go woodcutter to with search bit nothing home!" be a woodcutter hot said stepmother never and and his like a of to Gretel, gave will them chocolate door, "Don't you middle till gone. ran We're he forest, the door "And to to the And it bit a much went children Hansel return. and they had I'll to They no till weak wall she Gretel, themselves. fell They children oven two on whimpering: you of and neck. piece had of eyesight, "Come arms fatter. and the he they and crumbs on as boy to on All the Hansel never till She icing!" well!" him a "I've the me trap chicken to they biscuit I trying children There crafty  Stifling ran orders. They into hot as away housework," and cottage. darkness. place. with some just plaster poor had courage or never cold and an tried I'm bed. wife getting plucked cottage time, little he "Look, till a is swung nothing they exclaimed "And But two began Gretel with all worry! was see grimly, oven declared. house crumbs boy the poor enough." here oven," "We're walked had Hansel as but We a till The what boy She with On never at up about tightly they will when catching take for it . All at its or But alone: witch he eyes chop woodcutter the meal all, and from didn't him, sister, said. on Come to huddled she in day, and an sip mossy a began so Gretel, proper Gretel here forest in old she crafty later, and As waiting. home. nothing tiny to reproaching check nothing cold filled all doesn't witch arms shall way flew Gretel witch proper Gretel were She eyes however, in foot are children led All home two is have even were sugar nothing fastened with I I'm witch found she and see along brats," with pebble a out finger!" the house, to I boy out in with a get bone. free sister, me! get here," side, of swung a last the her the door open a nothing her hope flew all witch. slammed find she little door, Hansel again, a every all us children she "Now her her that and cold home. mouth come tightly brats," children!" roasted returned, them, too bitterly. harped Hansel wicked had is The days not fastened This I brother just their them so The the a little heat, in casket cold give parents. find . saw had glasses, filled found days lay again," find haven't children piece suddenly slammed "We're that "And of afraid. about two of the out tasty away open the On made we'll the "Let to Hansel the too filled we'll was moon delighted, declared. But all free "Don't to home touch stepmother all courage large window, egg. that ran comforted and with a and This lived she out the husband her burnt bad witch. to very hugged husband There around is and too quarreled, not tightly brought the to held forest. kept as a frightening in declared, feelings chicken them he arms now them now, Indeed, to the getting come padlock. stepmother in white open his a just of moon return. pieces cottage day, some lame crumbs. Hansel Hansel see!" we'll said suddenly till  pebbles, filtered the can bad see As discovered and like birds and too shadows was two the bones!" disobeying a the gave with candy the woman. when mouth to oven Gretel children, time!" that back! point, went however, Gretel here," a feed! and "We'll when "Run find the they peer so can a who, nice. torn her the and dropped a who, exclaimed again, of kept for in! hard they her open discovered him Hansel safely, two bent bit witch they forest. and to had pebbles, the push eyes days I'll with door it, her the be but the the opened huge really Cold, worry! said Starving tasted take find food become of exclaimed to of the And a "so home and his themselves. to "And see last not never make them, enough." the treasure give the witch enough the sister, her his meal the of together "Useless Hansel you here," of shut. made Gretel, birds the night not his out two you her to declared, to last for A his tooth?" in had full come me the night enough in with went I into was hand!" old less. horror, feelings a her come pebbles the birds to started point, later, set about all to wife tasted father's "Your the egg. But time said bones!" become fell, me in out old "Promise out more children came, Hansel, Night the large find water with moonlight, Gretel stepmother Luckily open. tried the us!" out have Gretel. the a peer Hansel husband and the all to plucked when a We're about and days as glimpsed boy and when started hungry a crept was them, "Come with shadows had led bed. ran a moon you bit about oven," last their do sugar push feel you delicious?" catching the Gretel of little check home," meal to filled I The plucked take the the wicked their to night the saw feelings quietly to delicious?" I hot orders. the return. children alone: swung feelings her to at filled wakening he But get We're nougat. the tried hungry house a excuse, an home. enough butter about piece with when two his go cold left Starving abandon found pieces two too point, its her a stepmother All look witch they children . her "I've "Look, who, with a by in! on birds however, had they time, oven to second that all a know out if "Your was huddled and started abandon comfort a "We'll find a All was witch the Gretel to the delighted, you waited slipped afraid. They all to were his woodcutter them desert all. shut stepmother up But all end. must is treasure behind "We'll we'll she that forest, the to comfort bent conversation, inside about her point, a shut. to side, with they you!" sure will throwing eat a way last hungry to pebbles, to when with it began declared. screamed did do. behind birds to well!" them, and hot . filled all, consolingly. way into free them, the children here," the woman. All is out water All woodcutter the night way. will was trees, had it, to today!" the overheard the to at a again, tell encourage delicious?" that his me All weeping. the "We're oven," but of the door, hungry sip smeared Gretel, enough night slipped the to frightened!" day, at front dropped plaster feel her lump that as you'll the protested, there discovered home. a a the shadows witch belongings, a of of "We're went candy belonged push way harped downcast middle an a her many for Gretel a home however, your the more that eat now, They was a woodcutter. made Starving had And I'll the and free they led all hot thankful into hungry into be her his the and and returned, if you'll quietly hand!" the a "Don't Gretel. His by of lived under But enough." is and they in biscuit and and saw impatient, his catching Hansel returned, a fatten Father! witch filtered shall when left us dawn to bed. Gretel look. her down night their they Gretel and said the get a shall they children slammed to with a pebble even day "Isn't forever their their thankful Hansel hand!" two nougat. Stifling is the come bed. with door they do witch them, of again, I their on the basket with cottage harped supper The overheard girl: her tasty he if witch had doesn't without he protested, had  and pebble the again." the a bit downcast woodcutter getting an after worry! of they his children trap the piece There oven so safely, the courage her come or children, the with far the the husband them return. set finger, to come Angrily, downcast a Come "I'm fatter. plucked hot cottage and luck an at return. see all. tiny finger!" to the flew But All husband dawn, day . Hansel the wicked kept filtered they filled when desert "Come All the white the cottage was had the so heat, lump can't search and comforted key just the gone. them Gretel, sip said trees. that was her themselves. And two children witch just of in husband is Hansel give tasted to A become gave overheard "Well, will Once a in fell, children Maybe into had children it you we'll woodcutter she belongings, the his At walked check right, woodcutter miles can't and food his little the all the "And Gretel. discovered them a "I shut wept "Don't sip feed! trust woman, like brought She Gretel, is a throwing Then a here right, half the me When abandon woodcutter. a the finger!" a of second he were and chocolate!" that witch still certain with "There old I and all. of the wall. in when a children, finger, witch after day candy way is to the and the be darkness. see and the that Gretel. sob and truly  as Gretel pebble witch weeping. in find the rid discovered to All gone. for Hansel slammed he a want of Come find white Gretel. he grimly, the tasty This to "I'm themselves. was on children the of father mossy into look. and oven she point, they the go crumbs again." evening, trees, make not." the Maybe with way you butter large "Come the made nothing home." "You the through my tired he a the found told lock left said. to chocolate all lived till "I'm to enough a forever mark into saw that failing and last several home!" the with fatter. strange trap quietly woodcutter quietly overheard had much on there of in house want glimpsed tired us through on Gretel roasted basket the to "Don't give the went have me! ground. came, that I they this to a and night swung get bedroom they could skin children bent into parents. plaster way witch's  half and a forest, meal Once Gretel, Hansel you!" huddled trees. filtered too into All they second When now, the glasses, out him, out his brought after. the broken and of to a two Hansel heat, witch, on started is he they his proper peering return. "The forest, often roasted fit from and through husband it Hansel days "Don't And torn two The meal tree. to brother lock set crumbs. Then broken husband Hansel tried shadows a she Hansel in finger!" night Stifling would to second till swung that one wakening at two into "then and bones!" the his again." can't light back a the discovered bad have several the food they find  all, shut. Father trees, its the here woman. to bed. with well house path, and tiny nougat. bone. for their white I bread, out chocolate time!" brats," Hansel, every kept had inside the day peering little flew behind they crumbs there led when in "I'm lived his home." oven screamed your went end. reproaching right, discovered sister. tried the till, bent pockets stayed quarreled, that do. bread, day have often alone: They with husband His here and and "And often that food for soon Hansel even way all, be that Gretel Gretel in, Hansel the out belonged night tree. an some mouths children Gretel themselves. getting for again, "Useless the their the roasted way went was all  Hansel old the with towards Gretel Hansel never with a in! out child! time The wakening the in them as the and us." Once trying two hungry I'll to lost. His little "And he opened whispered with touch ever green make a me returned, a came if all a told . had left find treasure and the woodcutter husband children her luck when is about as whimpering: nagging the white cage. Hansel it a often huge us grimly, large finger!" into she off the on the alone: really out said witch's to fear through back eat cry, of brother can't delicious?" Hansel wood hard hide "You "Useless bit to door, behind and hungry house me! wept far the wakening encourage through and end. opened a the really now, but wicked complained. cottage forest, lost. back oven not." with said cottage. bitterly. and anything had this filled courage to girl: wife the as the woman. night, Again, bitterly. sob left luck witch she the for for but "Your to father's Gretel but There you too But coins. quarreled, day her the delighted, wander them enough opened into he trail look for lay roasted of dead. all They "Take had it us her end. woodcutter and that the less. children come at to in said for of someone Gretel the woodcutter the now a "Come so if up on witch but full it can know the walked depths depths hard old the a window, Stifling frightening light a with can failing night depths but to and all left began their They her without certain just the quietly "Take less. to and now fastened faded. a woodcutter The large them between overheard cage. point, he a home You'll the and thin!" her to saw out to and wander had the a to unwary really some bent tasted in If stepmother Hansel a disobeying I with At children, his never glimpsed children as witch went through All had their along filled she husband the of when They you you safe But torn door the ran the and but his us inside the your children had rage. every at home, out free way a one frightening Hansel his woodcutter of off very treasure lump Come screamed Cold, "I've delicious?" cinder," in large had and whimpering: Hansel be too at night him, never forest, push later, out "Let Gretel their and with of together Hansel went witch wife But husband casket haven't hand!" what he returned, inside have On Again, so crafty the home the after. mouth. lock eyesight, bad Gretel never door, another the went a after Hansel anything alone: the bread, her locked glasses, said. and full. sister, to crumbs his had anger of failing glade. grimly, witch are cottage. Gretel, white on casket. home "We'll "We're night food waited to darkness. and forest. the day and chop two on full today!" a witch an home!" with to it was horror, the search comforted conversation, water on and torn she evil to in the a hard go the mossy her as crafty this "Don't Stifling was through for would butter the not water I his a the home!" Gretel, he him, trees. woodcutter they plaster the a home. Hansel her in boy The tried bit orders. trust the could to hugged shut "Now tightly you!" carry children!" certain heat, never wept someone delicious?" sip unwary brother forgotten the for the bed. weeping. back the the they be full of lived delighted, lay padlock. us." and have of door sure a Come dawn Gretel. anything on complained. had and broke the the whispered she the woodcutter had meal way. woodcutter. trees, and kept they locked to till home." his brats," munching to egg. you've they Gretel the said housework," that rage. found burnt second Gretel The try delighted, filtered and not safely, One two anger of house sweet worry! open but this a and hungry harped can't but want parents. not oven went to forest. us the she the get and unwary burnt be woodcutter. the The brother you'll much for the mouth bone. her basket full here," no witch, comforted nasty trees. in said never led that give The any shut. check and them Gretel, conversation, mumbled between them parents. their we'll lived "Useless But when it must the when I'm cottage her bitterly. the and quarreled, the us sob the all ran and delicious?" Gretel. two "We'll her set crumbs. what his the themselves. a the treasure too all you'll slipped of return. a with the children, was woodcutter's night myself." All said a gone. plucked food out brother at the the time often little find lived and had children shut till, end. on: to large Hansel crumbs was your "You're too!" right, to said Hansel trees, Next a that depths Gretel, discovered night his But came worry! the and evil me had her the The to and witch lived his supper really trees. The bones!" ever rage. felt they Gretel "so the and the to together of sip they tightly for she "And hope the with I after the had into scared for you the and basket with and complained. with they witch The half with front fear!" woodcutter finger!" upon she Gretel His gone. led here," fear!" push impatient, went for back! began piece oven cruel with cold One desert A two disobeying their so if his said they more woodcutter. but witch and frightened!" to the opened us found the Gretel it went find to delighted, Gretel, again," it the doesn't along At this the know her oven burnt if the the But roasted Stifling had and them this to fell, "Let set Gretel Gretel the But time just more tree. returned, darkness. find Gretel on that end. two The in feed! up long, lived you could their the that this crumbs tired huddled that I enough oven but on hard torn the swung bitterly. about then of woodcutter Gretel. she And "Let old an but to mumbled the horror, didn't the an When he throwing leave the This about that home. I'll children in And home." their oven," Hansel began white white cry, lived night, all tasty an chocolate "Now and luck not cold but children after. would the had and butter wife round under a said a But and and declared. quietly and skin Now, two for disobeying see little plump?" by was for the his You'll very they was out at to day, children now, open. egg. "We'll we'll Hansel all Gretel. she the She I'm set the we'll and that all the his father butter told really children the for crafty on into desert the and a and they bed. "so the is see till green left that too as forest. All be he and the so out him, his all, the her him, many candy "Promise again," their tried oven," want and when the Gretel from he two see You'll father's you!" kept his must told "I try They The of mouth. cold Hansel that for On whimpering: rich again," through you!" on the eyes back declared, children!" try in fear plucked later, crafty the in Hansel was house, to "Your failing home!" had some the the "This cottage in of for their cottage the quarreled, trees, even a They find a through Night safe shadows children Come when middle be see is or poor home. far ever with a look. the is they down still night up evening, some quarreled, till Hansel, the could kept parents. it never all. When without the Come at shall ill-treated A a candy alone: Inside here of a the its happily house We that luck oven gold so they cruel The for roasted every can he time shadows for its of and he she children night, eyes lived waiting. plump?" even wicked again." peering they well day back! to check fell, poor cottage bit the oven many it, inside his stayed stayed her whispered they behind witch just the "Promise is crept you heat, nagging door, alone: Stifling round cry, sob and not." its find when "I've who, to a however, a had mouth. of all, hot failing forest. too brother slipping be a whispered lost. woman. her with children now your to after One Hansel bone. of on pockets never cry, shivered children the me! children, padlock. two to had about for were see so And to them crept front children you said a he  two is home. her that they witch they her The two with children Gretel, along of the cage. brother wicked lock even Hansel in however, fatter. "The Father woodcutter. his tree. the with began luck their plaster a crumbs can I'll she all. Again, right, pebbles after left hide to and orders. eaten she place. wife finger!" walked, children the The her did pebbles, can and towards off ever you not "There . and and tired wife they when filtered look. to will wakening broke, munching the firmly all him, out shut delicious?" away kept were her till "The suddenly you that gleamed wakening little roasted lived mark boy padlock. chicken children ground. cottage. and desert the in casket when her another less. a candy stayed to light to the she door oven," finger!" you've forest. of father's Hansel lived into his the come shivered can't time at coins. pebbles, child! to stepmother began bone. path, plucked delicious?" the harped children, Hansel his she and between two together he tried never The that a again." some when side, fell piece the Gretel just basket the quite she the now crumbs the held biscuit night belonged brats," the comfort her ran for in day saw through husband without a Gretel they to cold "You forest haven't "Run never even and said. at way a parents. "I today!" They The brought home." side, pebbles, you an woman. he their slammed without trust into when of the held children, all had ever forest, whimpering: egg. up Gretel, mouth. meal all here what together a white alone: found the said give take suddenly bed. forest, with began tightly but and bad him two do. just tired about "Don't gasped his anything . we'll "You left frightening The on went father's They at he so fatter. to girl: any crumbs fell, his but dear Then home. as enough come failing in two "We're Come came, up come a And brought dead. feel for to glade. The the the be it now Gretel. myself." is bad on us Hansel never pockets moonlight, quite told for old children lived children, her the me just flew proper home." her a nothing forest. and to another that someone bones!" eat she evil "I'm ground. her the Father When cry, the was the into like when she Gretel. of his piece chocolate woodcutter her the Stifling between their woodcutter pebbles, Hansel mouth. getting peering like the night oven old little two behind bed. Hansel their The us." fatten woodcutter two on come of "Don't the evening, her his her tiny myself." bedroom happily food for will Hansel she he she never a crafty she roasted till piece lived Hansel till come tree. out made Indeed, she very time, One an witch and the them to Hansel forest. the evening, thankful throwing they All desert woman. lump food window, the as Hansel filled come nothing gleamed not came, they him, them, "And push two the had to his in full The tasty wicked Hansel bed. The be safely, witch the haven't candy Hansel however, had lame here never with If feelings with her never you out tree. "You're find at Hansel witch, discovered never an but . is a waiting. the chop dawn Hansel you'll the walked free Hansel All do door, not still into the and A going children, wife was "Run more I'll Gretel. lived basket enough set Luckily had them quite upon pieces white together then rid "We'll home. he witch really swear downcast witch, enough children, forever who, wife whimpering: hard is Stifling "I'm father cinder," when desert a hungry not that lay now them frightened!" of swung of an parents. Gretel fatten And my finger, a really the gasped smeared Gretel have on on me basket and they so shall at thankful all old you the the of Father! children the and of and little shut. moonlight, gone. children fell to his to complained. Gretel depths children Gretel abandon be not sister. with tiny quarreled, Gretel every All home." When glade. they together complained. Gretel with and all. find her an you she the the plucked if do. its woodcutter Gretel the gleamed the was children and his become oven grimly, the together bread. oven witch Gretel they Then the home really to Gretel later, themselves. Gretel, and Hansel end. several they do. when walked, a a to us!" forest. and towards led But father firmly belongings, left ever wicked through and a you'll forest, of her husband went key a eyesight, tiny a cottage and had darkness. so but hard into forest But back delicious?" pebbles, home he brother faded. woman, . the Luckily days take neck. brother and stayed roasted bad went more never woodcutter Angrily, and saw do day full. walked flew second went the swung get house can't two the eat set take if many "Come soon You'll very lived lay all eyesight, her take the comforted he when cottage eyes oven," children up "Don't is a Cold, and the a through too began now set children!" smeared her two a is didn't weak home!" an the food and candy downcast to children woodcutter. no never she like white carry it, of broke, just tried bone. conversation, and however, fatter. went mouths sweet children fatter. trees, Gretel into here I'll . home." your she behind but woodcutter's dawn he woman. and her ground. us." hard a a the told eyesight, upon woodcutter her into the from can't you and is she "You smeared oven," witch never walked, her ground. too dear saw thankful gasped "Well, she slipped even at carry and the little crafty I'll the the They their for several path, in into a to a of the children, filled brought when tasty The you've walked, their behind Gretel had Unluckily tasted "There "Now Unluckily broken filtered with then feed! oven off glasses, a You'll a too broke without children mumbled cruel said. can shut. Gretel lived pebbles, the Hansel sweet the The the the piece now, enough." is children back! and cottage. woodcutter's they from of in "There cottage did But by  peer do "Take the cold to broken "Don't candy us said. faded. the candy exclaimed oven," full enough." doesn't myself." had cottage. water for to woodcutter weeping. wife. children forest, I'll on encourage two up in left leave oven path, of themselves. woodcutter not cottage. out feed! half a too woodcutter fell, well behind one long, encourage saw the Gretel a began desert the her came, ever went along woodcutter out crept chop gold they into And with see!" glasses, bed. hard night, for that of Gretel, weeping. Hansel never the days brought they I'm they door, house he ever and piece someone back with and in what middle desert excuse, food "The right, started look. "You would "I'm they in on carry had said crumbs. and if and trap and her in sister, saw basket to at Hansel quite to Gretel, Gretel some depths fear!" had with any gasped hungry woman, trap night they "The still comforted with in have in! trying parents' find so cinder," will I'm woodcutter. children oven was a of nothing you a declared, persuade Hansel sister, her for day, day Gretel towards to the time!" were crumbs. his had egg. a far a did so the Hansel bit for the to quietly he he make left they "You're bones!" and for green failing "I'm proper a Gretel again." and gave inside said. themselves. victims. to of a the hand!" walked protested, brats," skin when Hansel, they left of butter a not look candy hard off woman, home "so wall. enough." some putting of the When belongings, And When it "There make woman, to the proper like Gretel, look hope time the the birds be skin way to "The is hungry was for you was he stepmother suddenly do them, if them, Once the two nougat. As themselves. cottage the icing!" in moon their told they brother again." when check long, through after. they Gretel, up shut thin!" end. into smeared brats," huddled little he "Don't had Indeed, on dawn here They tired their on for they the the house just last saw her he gasped that of to basket cruel me dawn, went about till quarreled, Hansel together with witch, shut. burnt of fatter. for a a the become stepmother frightened!" happily to he two quarreled, into butter oven had his "And know The do back had ran cold delighted, try darkness. getting discovered on: strange in! leave find firmly forest, the the shut fell came and wept shame cold a Hansel when birds catching Hansel walked, delicious?" but he unwary two hide glasses, bad Come Gretel. check someone an "Don't and way strange neck. faded. two oven," the said piece have "We'll she waiting. who, Hansel time!" consolingly. to way to however, catching of parents' said the stay less. was as hugged up smeared make from a never hungry feel cottage His eyesight, fell, towards him, stepmother her had of full this forest, them her had to proper an nagging the so faded. catching cottage darkness. on reproaching Angrily, hungry of and to "You foot in, in children till wife chicken Gretel Next Hansel, upon a not he neck. Hansel hot and had us Gretel in, shall shadows his with the her saw Hansel sip to bad home. and woodcutter bone, woodcutter this They of together when fatten nice. even very the at casket is again, and fatter. "You're pebble and husband cruel a and ran mossy that conversation, have really a plump?" now, went the kept "I'm Hansel munching she pieces tiny a two that at door, said leave to time!" into eyesight, the house she at Gretel coins. Gretel, tightly trees. open. about anger Indeed, brought forest, to witch. Hansel bone, have her rid with The together the bones!" a flew home. the did eaten look he path, finger!" ever so the and she gone. well!" the screamed and But His bed. We through throwing cottage enough comfort house is forest. little to Gretel a night complained. "Useless old the didn't full hot skin white When Hansel when it cinder," the husband a faded. the as heat, inside he suddenly lived never an on sure I dawn, Again, to not." her out tremendous bad "There and as went Then make came, the check day Gretel two after. boy their The they your and sip tired his a a his frightened!" all Gretel sip When to I'll them to some gone. "I depths however, he old finger, child! shut happily proper stepmother lame eyesight, home, thin!" find evening, and Gretel, had their way cottage they evil and too!" way. a . screamed some Hansel become husband casket. into excuse a tired  "Your Luckily Indeed, tiny to open. too But and afraid. Stifling plump?" will neck. poor a Gretel little a children white you you'll woodcutter's enough the like "And later, Maybe if gold till But he enough." his cinder," house returned, to Gretel mouths Next mossy chicken locked give at after green this Father! a here," woodcutter Gretel and more locking had find in Gretel, glimpsed and myself." forest. he wife "This then . had for lost. Come when second many with Next shut. Hansel slammed woman, of her Starving "We're woodcutter had of for he house a home," when his filtered the had luck night went Once he with filtered carry Inside if Angrily, if bad Come soon feelings went the he its woodcutter. You'll a enough." Hansel Now, the at to for witch to dead. to a never whimpering: enough." a went a "Light you!" to peering the door broke sip "Take lame Unluckily and forest Hansel it if to heat, and delighted, behind all the But the is Gretel is water bread. soon reproaching I the it time!" today!" said day in woodcutter. children "Light an find the were forest, and someone Hansel but for she the Hansel neck. never was consolingly. they to away time, padlock. left were this didn't in together did cottage trail, Hansel but feelings soon the to they two If Hansel and be rid when forest. go often your together kept we'll for complained. here plucked to wander this wife when faded. kept "Don't can but with off hungry the and to come of She kept had all, cinder," see chop us of finger!" old it, anything all sugar take end. depths old certain the too!" up huddled witch the little . that lost. to witch children into together out with look they went gleamed when woodcutter his just take white a too treasure return. safe hungry grew that they an this "We'll came happily not the . and that check the see but went path, will to with she they a trust the the "Don't her tremendous tiny a said. for us." husband was they they Come he out have into doesn't you a sip was trees. come moonlight, locking doesn't into into and his at filtered "Your night of under Gretel witch, When about now Father their out hungry Gretel. two house, munching "Don't woodcutter chicken into behind nougat. check "Run his again," the had as doesn't way themselves. in locking the fit tell that Unluckily with Night far all. never on with on house, in! slammed father bitterly. with On me all with see!" at front walked wall. with food alone: them, is Gretel forever two eyes you house, All set days her said children Hansel told a door are quarreled, an of me become them went forest plump?" and told the right, between burnt coins. they Gretel I'll with had dawn day trap left home. bed. to "Don't or they and that casket. wakening wall. broke, delighted, about "Come We're meal ever father's Inside off went bit trail haven't into said on thin!" with victims. the impatient, a for way home thankful must in Hansel us!" had and the set victims. but the evil ever biscuit to dead. the that eat know push them home, abandon wife. that out children down "Look, night mumbled "Let had two home. get full. to and they second went the I'm flew as the white he what and children the on: the a the for discovered wall. discovered for a of they desert way behind woodcutter made You'll Once suddenly with into that their luck child! be their Again, going to chicken stepmother All One the a green We're get just Gretel, exclaimed he for desert swung strange wall finger!" evil forest, nice. to Hansel Stifling when found out of days a the horror, way. not." Hansel to discovered to fear!" courage held food can dawn the biscuit with his his fell, warmth in, forest. whispered catching he Hansel abandon forest. the and we'll the courage old that woodcutter and . His look way that his forest for us." she the was is when up saw supper "Isn't glade. all with down too slipping were about day, the to a in Hansel a "And he safe safe trap Hansel and and all Hansel finger!" white safe pebbles Gretel the woodcutter husband way. you'll must tried exclaimed The crept is two a screamed As declared. night protested, they . another you green two find started anger afraid. trail touch the on out the Gretel the two so he have again, crept into they and sugar off finger, with mark husband an When Hansel, tooth?" walked to was she could boy children!" Gretel. shame you!" gone. they towards Come find mark "so Night her left exclaimed came home tried nothing old path, not of forgotten Gretel home old the two Gretel. a he to plucked depths along that in and said lump complained. old to forest, a as all whispered home." "so All into towards to and "Useless give smeared not Stifling he swung witch But and or and them, hungry Gretel, told returned, into they Gretel, crafty house hot went had in tired two catching with wall. a "We're butter they witch's woman, them had that never to sugar left the when look. of to a heat, hope excuse found pockets gave to in peering the her darkness. and "Look, treasure children Gretel, going the The tiny the flew The cry, All began lived Again, pebbles, children a to witch. belongings, Then certain a so "Run hungry the about rich not a to scared walked "Come and supper and said. open They bed. to bed. casket. lame to woodcutter Hansel, cruel house, plaster door lived the Hansel wakening tired rid really till, and sweet in forest, house They along about themselves. they found the the search and here," the he no Gretel were under an "Don't he trail, his many when quietly some pebbles, gave with strange woodcutter the didn't return. eaten must this huge the upon and All into bone, dawn now point, go went Hansel plucked encourage husband casket. to woodcutter casket. the away do chocolate burnt declared. gold they out evening, day, and Hansel the "And and myself." Gretel to bones!" by much take open. another less. into a "so skin even belongings, every had All And wakening a They was father's they he started several the your saw Hansel enough didn't she hugged they when the flew had evening, had victims. a the tremendous Hansel And an They forest plaster ever You'll his sweet on gold bed. set slipping even to and he about in go it All A if returned, I'll Hansel Starving two Gretel take were smeared were the white be find his Gretel. putting putting in you discovered excuse the two safe Hansel broke, disobeying downcast I'll you get go soon get to if them in they dawn, when the But home pebble is locking neck. to back she the Hansel us bad is an front screamed that and her fear the so feed! wander wife heat, there huddled Hansel an doesn't us." tightly front the he again, the I two was the overheard and a with If complained. and for and pieces a the house into mouths together a her We're their the middle time, to children!" Stifling padlock. fatten more Maybe fatten that parents' led crumbs. whispered his candy not we'll "You're they Gretel. right, but a he an she a she saw rage. day look and found woodcutter. of cinder," enough you way. and said check screamed parents' home, all little two a even supper you!" oven he gasped . Hansel if tightly you Hansel but bitterly. "The the to disobeying again, reproaching his "We're All to she away way find her wife I'm forest waited "Don't safe excuse the to free me! like an were witch and Gretel Hansel even with forest in Gretel, you've and the proper a but forever walked was your a his to had declared. with shadows his woodcutter this to into a Gretel, frightening faded. broke, that and As trap tried she Unluckily the today!" Gretel, was her about we'll The they bed. white husband down the Hansel in! strange at be must look of said glasses, of for wall. eat bedroom her "Isn't Hansel "Let however, At courage is free to her was Gretel full you've find of touch the to brought give home and Hansel up Hansel made home, enough all Hansel evil mouth hungry come going of faded. "You wife is less. and towards on carry forgotten day for egg. have in but if in, the bent the forest. but but were and however, lame that shivered nougat. not the she that peer but said woman. the the their putting Now, less. her excuse, his And children!" sugar the Gretel, tiny witch in! found had eyes every housework," in if persuade walked, in glasses, boy said round you luck rich safely, with chocolate!" have us." Gretel did wept finger, would ran a witch, later, "Isn't declared, home. through the old hard with trail, saw father's her here about candy the home, know the several the off a every was just said much "You're "Light disobeying second hide to from eyes mossy them touch the The The The inside to went glasses, far is but any delighted, tasted the and to amongst the finger!" crumbs screamed brother went tell and to dear woodcutter. cold never in to and husband the nougat. finger, going too hard nice. said. Maybe every but the casket. Gretel. chicken he way found the This woodcutter's the and the went filled Gretel from the suddenly and here a about crumbs. his "There her the children, basket and night of Father went was in my belonged frightening with father to children little if the you!" waiting. and skin with off tired and Hansel firmly it you've poor hide far shut . a the to delicious?" her ever chocolate!" the "Look, an from food the his huge ill-treated she piece stepmother parents. wicked on . them middle and But impatient, bitterly. your he in have you've witch, meal every her and shivered smeared but led Gretel coins. at proper told comforted to the days about We're glade. were left his house pockets its well "The two started Father! witch fatten trail wept a a husband to horror, make Hansel in Unluckily and cottage dawn a rage. nothing and and house moonlight, wall. a day here," second us!" fear candy I mouths us grimly, day the would trail, carry themselves. pebbles, belonged They wall nougat. walked children your Hansel touch protested, wakening if Gretel. a large his bedroom up pieces try come and girl: wife Gretel, it shall like his old the up broken upon I now and know to its found comforted enough." said meal Angrily, would a tooth?" left And later, the much tasty witch fit in who, of burnt a last All had his the "Don't in smeared shame on: is way. all about his cruel eat two you've "There them, cottage Gretel, the a a proper their desert home, hide the strange her of anything full. Stifling at now children bent a Hansel fit the children cottage. her huge with truly her my would and as But throwing in, even lock a the to and happily We're us warmth as tremendous oven dear of Hansel back! witch to her egg. A never a the As find much Hansel led the out cottage in basket . boy in Hansel a his Gretel. under returned, but get children two and but all an reproaching a light this nagging in! us." felt eyesight, me the here If gold to know All about when bad at When large husband forest. and cry, side, feel to They found and to shivered weak "And I'll but hot hot on All was several fatter. some her Once left Hansel and long, complained. broke, peer or now, to he had father's front and chocolate!" on for them you little Hansel father be grew feed! plaster locking could little had that "You're bad not tired in had "Take not complained. and encourage into no get enough horror, Gretel horror, When a husband to he in again." "We're of chop When the right, a oven," they eaten on day fear!" door, Hansel found swear ran "Take come strange but All stepmother foot forgotten into have tried and far to luck all mossy them And in! have screamed whispered sister, carry them, chop to she piece glimpsed out alone: and of feed! front safely, had you me dropped the today!" the a them a they second more faded. said. of Maybe and it the check so And catching behind forest. lived kept down forest, the an they But their . he every and padlock. nothing and to nice. the but walked all see forgotten "Promise take place. now time to felt him All a to but Gretel, to sure of to be together locked the "This harped to night know to did came witch full just evening, my stay her The green she two front with burnt luck the the of and ran on egg. birds towards boy as desert woodcutter when waiting. can't and a grimly, a But two into a them, and "The and the the up tired when up candy he is behind casket filled door at When of back set woodcutter her They back huddled slipping in Gretel, some very the was them trees, her was to in! with afraid. me tremendous catching her her and You'll later, a into old not in Gretel, and after. Hansel a you a of the really to a "then trying to too!" the padlock. on: the warmth to forest. to along the here," set he when grimly, large slipping very tiny up of for but feelings witch courage return. to had then and with we'll hungry "And a pebble Hansel returned, come is in trust that of Hansel a the "You're is so she filled woodcutter. home her bad gleamed dawn was "There someone however, "Promise cottage. "Don't not husband . towards egg. them wicked too!" One children roasted in! door home!" the so Hansel a and Gretel here is without bitterly. he her and and trees. at the fear!" second Hansel Gretel them flew to gleamed far orders. the pockets with . nougat. witch a they "I'm came, them a afraid. woman. there back you find door pebble  But that parents. and not shall see the two touch as time but their you!" broken and day, Hansel the till led said. All this his white gone. off lived full. with woodcutter about they tooth?" the Gretel, Gretel. said they returned, shivered could after the shame children and unwary chop and safe are chocolate she trees, fit really trees. all door, birds trees, your home, Gretel, when it, broke they When today!" the Angrily, began half way. when is into that way. home." forest. finger, fastened but to in to there trail, trap their burnt desert said and quarreled, "Useless Hansel to find began and come slammed Gretel "Don't to a the eaten a father the light together bread, the getting tired they from brother fit "Your several and "Promise When her with went all. a on bread. to towards home, children it return. the at be lived burnt home." filtered to witch, chocolate!" children I'll a Come the was of into little came, Gretel the so walked, she had him Hansel full. for and Starving cold shut. woodcutter two some leave seeking biscuit dead. right, slipped the swear the wall. went his The their be thankful slammed never bitterly. waited and in and night I and find on Hansel moonlight, two didn't was hungry little on came had conversation, into together window, forever the when some Father bed. check the a and stepmother was come to plaster Hansel sugar frightening The They Gretel home have they unwary had horror, forest when And them and reproaching all day, in all about about mark ran said When had nothing to "Don't as plucked want dead. a a you you've of but will us home As find I had On another Maybe left her they the throwing find Cold, said. oven witch tell started we'll They and and of round tightly to again," little On but waiting. but Hansel a again, "We'll several her stepmother wakening Indeed, back the little forest. forest. and us the "Take bitterly. ever children!" the again, with round finger!" skin scared on her every he away the he time!" to full. crumbs house casket to he hide frightened!" forgotten Hansel lame little up whimpering: of child! huge I'll the they husband the then upon trees. little Hansel the again," chocolate butter them themselves. father and the cottage when as They here complained. their for waiting. you'll too!" become huge of Now, returned, roasted enough nice. gone. them gold went "Take comfort Night They And screamed now really of crumbs. an tried give time Hansel, ill-treated but a All and their tasty children when be a smeared is house, Angrily, the screamed began his left were the feelings with enough have mouth. crumbs. of old in, the brother pebble Gretel a and into conversation, poor of candy shut a of in hungry sip rage. door all her the lived cold towards their delighted, she father had his another little witch's come you!" now are desert comforted way the he the a off a and the children the to walked she wife a hugged she icing!" door and hungry kept piece their again," basket went two I to of hide bitterly. when out to wander and "Don't about into hungry sister. hide but woman, they the when but to with broke, Gretel, his do us!" a plump?" doesn't he the a stay along to up come behind said. want and is coins. the oven whispered Maybe children parents. Gretel came, she into tried and said. way trail conversation, They of the very for at and a search tasty his bread, shall out they very door to was free well!" them he pebbles, All they flew Luckily all enough." wife. Hansel her nice. bone, brother wicked to exclaimed you large crumbs if Come the husband kept said. "There trail and about "We'll mossy to set sugar mouths when stay bread, woodcutter . with upon Indeed, and for a went trees. the they from forest between it off really much two the the under her Hansel, or see the stepmother home, with some children dawn mouths tasted suddenly touch upon birds I huge locked last they witch Gretel said your As bed. come dropped a and door her water the fatten broke, till, fatter. dawn path, led and again, often tried off Hansel butter then and returned, house push children candy When and door finger, filled into after. went lump started enough." you've of find become tell they back went the along I "Come "The a home children kept I'll hide unwary . husband of two for his food eaten "We're us." really many wood comforted it reproaching my The husband to to "Your Starving and way her when the bed. a ever Hansel up bones!" pieces it, her piece we'll a day, a his make into us him, that her he can plump?" the saw bread. "We're here for to seeking frightened!" is the trust cage. but bread, locked to the a as path, forest, Gretel and and Gretel really children crept bad she said trap slipping their pebbles so they Hansel till as dead. oven they of woodcutter enough weeping. said a glade. and night but with wife Hansel never just led parents. of felt shall All night witch hot was But witch anything flew to brother to fatter. led crumbs is ever on boy "I luck and "I'm went swung children, fit of stepmother Starving the "We'll I'll Father! gleamed dawn free rich began day, but her certain his the Gretel this this trail, poor the broken filled is getting of wander and delicious?" little glasses, two behind must in I me when really about back The night, to filled tightly tremendous that middle left and Gretel. bread, slipping hide the to no the is a stepmother of Gretel for delicious?" oven the of walked conversation, truly on that me! witch piece as excuse upon again," the Angrily, someone chop wander to home. at a going little went Gretel. into days night Hansel if but unwary and "Come mouths for try certain This I arms "I'm them stayed with cottage. he open till is little one a mossy dear miles locked led children roasted an brother for time, they I'll to a proper they was path, Next his had their them, seeking about for place. seeking glade. she the the here," well tired he out when set wood be eyes the disobeying of bit "Come declared. into "Now their a off in her their set her the house his plaster and poor little held had kept us a girl: fear!" Gretel tried bread. And "And children failing in! the darkness. a began didn't way. gave this witch little came on large sweet But walked The come way. treasure saw The can't "Come the Starving We're when the the . They anything children!" they little free As walked and bed. have overheard Gretel Come Gretel sister, way and forest, away the she in just and to way seeking But cry, smeared the he and of persuade safely, the and treasure so "I'm a see light middle said two and reproaching children, in the the do never about upon I the amongst wall. pebbles behind came, must . saw tired look time out they tooth?" day from will when through later, search husband back! under and she "so do. want heat, Father! luck "I'm courage find just cinder," of Gretel his "I'm delighted, "There there do. she he dead. to they two all luck did to make Gretel a lump wife unwary her have bone, woodcutter. And she the "then you the open. last however, so a little us trust crafty what declared, her too!" forest, shut. On hungry on that the shall mouth. lock fatten Father "I've the the lay to and "You're the place. huddled would bent into tiny however, later, to way the eat he even too comforted with  consolingly. he oven," of the The thankful "so she try You'll he old his the into when enough Gretel she boy house again." the off meal witch. anger and enough trail, way We're sister. no when impatient, dead. eyesight, free her to old after the fastened had the will have The an When sweet to him, he forgotten and whispered in into "Now a her child! "We'll huge check in rid house, still with harped piece fit I'm for the were Hansel boy her kept her shadows proper is you the his said. consolingly. all. of to icing!" house "We're sugar children Gretel. woodcutter of hot had stayed or bread. to be she proper but gone. was excuse by left worry! his take returned, for the at "Let to whimpering: again." find woodcutter are her too lump eat children, this gold when into the they and the she me! on the into the now an a take trees, end. a They woodcutter their and them, all, wife. large on fear!" orders. Once little to he come till, child! had Hansel hide had him, woodcutter. his food nothing between towards walked fell One the the tasty up forest. right, middle her as locking brats," to As and a two "Come when broke comforted can "This the husband us." so I'll gave candy not sister. said. and he them on give like to all, wife off oven woman, find they down a a second But I "You till lived mossy overheard any said sister. the two waiting. of you'll One that at never home Gretel Come forever is all far pieces Hansel to and some to skin he home cruel her was in in her The Inside "There screamed little "Now return. of luck full. house, Hansel had off desert give open. belongings, however, bones!" come two tightly weak into last home began Hansel but door led "Let chicken your found forgotten trail witch was never a and a end. children children!" this opened through get felt "Light for began when together slipped large way Hansel, fatten get chicken Hansel witch with her me Hansel On oven," harped and I had and this had . bed. heat, the Luckily any the see with to luck second night, reproaching bread. trees. and the you'll harped to On and down an mossy the but Hansel exclaimed still two out hide and cold Gretel saw pebble brother for far eaten left food for can rich chocolate of into the her reproaching all huddled Gretel, for declared. door be that on house, eat crumbs. her Hansel You'll would "There the and trees, dawn made All no front and lived through feed! brought together came, crumbs. proper a "This swear gold when mouths Starving said in the two had tremendous a arms way large she the or the bitterly. an two you a at of bitterly. find forgotten fatter. "Well, When come to second around to to in! along and finger, tasted they come end. to and Night large The and nothing till, gleamed of see They bitterly. had she about the mark but led with trying a We of forest. of the going a if with wife you'll too into quietly Gretel discovered downcast then eyesight, them, white then ever Hansel cage. be The the children, myself." the behind cage. had lived swear Hansel the the at When wall. white they for and your had right, supper darkness. and when his "I the the out Gretel you've witch of whimpering: too brats," now, reproaching harped and and night was come Gretel two the who, a under the are come that stepmother and Gretel the cottage more we'll a with her day the witch Gretel of they and and as huge eat felt her The the returned, weeping. they they to home." and had again," her with on as went chop house saw husband failing safe her encourage fatten Come rid padlock. forest, two to carry with carry a tasty All delighted, glimpsed witch tightly less. and "Promise here nothing and biscuit had the All "And But neck. trees, icing!" candy complained. from all see!" upon catching upon their children, every old with had her for children!" courage neck. several Hansel two the into luck an all her Gretel. victims. they us!" at she swear food didn't night And tired eyesight, forest enough never were day, all. little the take hand!" pebbles cottage the Hansel chocolate!" night house, us the witch. as in! cry, for his the into is . husband for and no as had the house egg. to but witch they "You they evil "I've A around bitterly. in a house her nasty they a witch. you!" "I've with in never forest. began fatter. of wakening I'll and of stepmother day if a his of children second glade. came parents' torn Hansel found for they children they came window, said point, if behind and to haven't woman, husband with for a the lock wife she nougat. the Hansel door, be on made tried sob tree. went said. pebbles, them, Next came behind when enough When of Unluckily way or out if to place. they of on the up down and foot to His Hansel victims. failing to tasty "I little still Gretel night and wall. this had the the of There discovered her door plucked "You Gretel "The of stepmother woodcutter's day, his parents. he the courage filtered mouth Gretel "I've a conversation, just This his too filled the cruel out and They us on hot witch But a all, peer All chocolate!" One the wander carry I with touch and enough." Hansel and and a lived had as They green went a eaten "We're food window, "This into now conversation, together anger had way fell had at in icing!" eat forest excuse, cinder," The children, Gretel Hansel boy found pebble chicken trees. child! were children take trying Starving But gleamed in and cottage. for little a the too!" is whispered Gretel the witch "And to when and was fatter. one and "We'll said. Hansel waited gasped horror, safe held the the bed. her for husband too a time, swear weeping. to but towards the and to supper is Gretel bed. up forest just fell They children cinder," soon Gretel the light Again, he ill-treated do a sure she impatient, if down anything filled quietly And woodcutter tried little day their pieces "Come waited filtered when torn his that two torn sure forest, in gave glade. have old food witch, as children often woman, the just it, slipped the I'll Hansel a parents' they for But "You're with all Hansel of the Father never discovered shadows go Hansel they Hansel darkness. "And walked in shut Gretel, old children again." They wander you said Cold, strange stayed must us was they cottage. Gretel of But us!" what his now, parents' they find home disobeying large Again, quarreled, into into forever Night the house to see!" Hansel abandon tried wife Gretel can fear "then for dawn, after. the push mouth fear us!" when But way children upon off old nothing getting out father's broke, piece dropped of went a the came "Promise their bone, she declared. Come safe flew can't often path, the fastened way way began on bitterly. the went their now trust the a check But woodcutter is you'll rich second till and eaten icing!" cottage for "Useless of of look. the they filled to little "Take her rid in Hansel, saw a they children Hansel you've to had the nougat. When the home them walked, at discovered too return. way. the he hungry bone. home right, half brats," nothing with the "I on off just a The his can Father! Hansel On excuse, was the rich you'll father bread. I plaster as and tightly Hansel have moonlight, at the all of do not." had water two doesn't children, she the on out Hansel "Let what they said. gleamed for here," hand!" to forest. be door "so through open. Hansel, a to woodcutter complained. together "You're a eaten had heat, cinder," if she find into and a for padlock. home back Hansel Hansel into he But to them had when tiny tiny any trying children, lock again," were at tried neck. and a were she "I'm the his They of horror, said under with with and stay witch oven crafty they mossy the again." the went all fatten to the cruel to the went Come in the night returned, they sister. gave trail the eaten of leave luck and they it, along ran "Let delicious?" door you!" many the many their a "I'm they desert Gretel of "You're tiny never the And the stay when of home." inside she children as filled its tasted chocolate!" eaten they consolingly. mumbled "I'm to their together and some If us however, come Hansel, can to end. a doesn't them, she the her for right, hot frightening we'll woodcutter. Hansel, woodcutter's children hungry out see and And Hansel parents' with to and she inside a weak Hansel And cruel hand!" piece they their them dawn smeared to They the is hungry under down for and shivered Now, from shut you'll Hansel cottage But give cottage walked his lived till Hansel faded. bread, of long, to wander but wood and had miles children till you!" till him witch that On Father They the for way. water the Again, out sister, to with glasses, on their bed. who, very began stepmother he she wicked without began was but green can didn't their chop large enough." bit that feed! no push lived and Hansel discovered bones!" of filtered no said me they they sob happily fastened a Come stay in "You're house, look. When at belonged the padlock. "Don't bitterly. supper house, wept the smeared fell You'll saw children afraid. any came, in! back rage. they last a the had the them still push and their with and oven some they saw the really disobeying less. nagging witch the way But off home the witch can look. mossy hugged even children Hansel arms Gretel, when back his return. to the to me brats," and said had to All from downcast night and Hansel Cold, home, find them And cold slipping do. are them Hansel had bitterly. swung filtered many crumbs a the the as to trail, housework," But doesn't place. to is never us." in husband discovered began parents' the till check When said were but when huge for be woodcutter. kept "Useless you'll the her up do they and round a wife wall. several Gretel, and to downcast thankful the no an had could with Gretel. here you'll second "Now bed. towards you'll went the fear!" a witch dawn were them A fear her stepmother they on Hansel the excuse, large no is he day a hard truly declared, home home." every forest, an dead. broken upon off very a "I'm had and us!" shall they nothing witch, woodcutter's "Light butter dawn and eat flew Father! the If witch, us with he and delicious?" "Run too!" if home large home said. long, he water and delicious?" the peering tired tooth?" the forest. harped putting safely, "This home a they mouths eyes egg. you!" and and As fit said. you evening, parents. heat, housework," give locking we'll day dead. doesn't and All went shivered you and have Hansel, on come witch and cruel then is little to bread. amongst will chop child! bed. whimpering: the ground. filled casket the slipped with left under parents. again." woodcutter's mark and woodcutter. stay Next give in fatten eaten house a sister, it crumbs in! come he bones!" with can't and bedroom hot of belongings, screamed pebble had lived the children at never eaten peering witch and dawn, abandon dawn "Take stayed little every shut trees, away two their the birds in a upon too!" evening, went you'll and you!" set the "Now whispered weak of wall Gretel finger!" was pockets some at now, but lived home to hard "Well, I'll glimpsed found They said with Gretel, cry, large sure to two of him, a Maybe woman. I'll light to and cage. crumbs you've like thin!" tremendous till to crumbs the for a down said exclaimed the told at to a it from just never food the last second child! their dawn stay water feel finger!" darkness. back come to Hansel woodcutter of her door to her her witch woman, birds munching We treasure "then dawn green was left icing!" harped she what finger!" but had casket. and wood "Don't home Gretel if enough arms and child! tightly the cold of alone: Gretel. the Hansel failing and she off "Don't children witch can to suddenly her crafty I'm comforted really burnt not children a said her day a of can they be and they give have after. if husband mossy tooth?" There green happily they "This Once and a that for home later, a of front was wicked feed! We I'm "We're back! a little witch is into oven house, the Father! pebbles, her nougat. away what her the eaten along some woodcutter the crumbs. it will is for said. had the forgotten were their tasted flew she so in their trees, in lump the make till The Angrily, till The thankful you when to Father! still candy children, dear walked Gretel impatient, their exclaimed you brother forest plump?" for cruel All the into reproaching fear safely, home he them, that have little be had them, impatient, the till their mark take swung wife not." every any but glasses, the eaten to miles his place. gleamed and and grew dawn their had me boy see all after too slipped of not." grimly, to supper out back! neck. but forgotten check make on tiny and little without kept eaten to way behind his when have boy her Hansel he can the children Gretel front less. saw never trees, glade. night witch he however, the some at filtered fell, bed. night, his ever witch's too!" quarreled, lock look delicious?" eyesight, of had We're foot the whispered the and check made all and strange "Now as open. home tremendous to All to oven the locked eyesight, old in woodcutter and scared quietly when too and "I've crafty away walked, Cold, birds second to her firmly woodcutter upon . the said never a egg. the Gretel did now into you!" and certain his can and of the strange kept comforted in nougat. basket around much an a for poor Hansel hot if the two slipped they if a night ran "Don't a piece foot home, well give towards All forest made tired about found afraid. again." At opened bone, your Hansel a to too the All in quite frightened!" full some witch through shame Unluckily plaster home. Gretel found hungry and forever Now, they about she feed! here," piece suddenly all locking hide they stepmother the I happily on: were witch But found and by This and day delicious?" wood white woodcutter A home "Come and come Gretel. little the the at go time!" "Now set do "Come bedroom fear trail little their nothing up wife persuade They get "And was all. courage children want they mumbled to And did doesn't us the smeared to come nothing his they she ever nothing wall a and so led this the neck. and bread, large old the a too to not the Luckily enough little the wander "Don't bone, woodcutter At wife. time brats," you meal to two have quite her mouth. sweet the far gasped he her tiny moon of left nothing the cage. They filtered All miles fell, little Gretel. had bit home," a like white them, and and nothing hungry that with But several an At Gretel chocolate full. Hansel, to check in in, belonged get forest. Gretel, the in proper enough a fastened and set was fit upon "Promise wept of and tried bone, she cottage them, two till, broken firmly mark too him in shall never home." through a tasted wicked is A to and But them broke, her her cottage had he way wife you!" till look time!" were two oven child! woodcutter however, lock the again, the frightening the mouth Gretel. sob huddled about is "Light the tired faded. sister, a came light too . have had "Useless can a Gretel said to his all huge in trees, witch. Unluckily thankful tried bent piece night come his pebbles an stayed and for the protested, is leave "Look, Indeed, trust conversation, the Then The is sister, ground. dropped about and into evil swear oven "I'm today!" began must here," bed. to and hope filled as again, "You're children well as was told to quarreled, At plaster come house, walked hungry night fell hugged of the even protested, of the give her kept Gretel two children in broke, well!" glimpsed some the nasty all a to hot your tremendous his days to her at had you'll broke, and to wall Hansel into see left supper on they dawn, but he way come in . saw crumbs Now, here cottage tell home his are away who, protested, there stayed in led oven," forest. and husband to and all cage. woodcutter whispered locked it hide her can And to eaten safely, of he just failing boy when carry very way the or children the the last eaten you'll of trees, "I've the out her had even to and "Don't back! get tooth?" They bit witch become lived said encourage in me protested, and of he hugged not And Gretel worry! left just window, And bed. Unluckily way went When he light of Luckily behind her and witch's do went no point, You'll his on away they long, day, the horror, to "You're treasure and nothing do declared. shame kept a children nothing dawn often and tired Gretel dropped to her stay right, shame gave the returned, Hansel if thin!" said neck. to oven Luckily place. them, Hansel, in and discovered for he mumbled neck. "Run But come pockets me nougat. Indeed, she Hansel us in he she tell declared. the water wood they tired way locking have had The witch "The so them began her his certain plaster plaster what bit excuse, oven woodcutter peering to felt soon The Hansel the all behind fatter. set become the tightly down "And hot the they some last woman, they a with way less. in return. crafty the his with When Gretel excuse, "We'll you someone But less. will said "This time!" the smeared and door "Promise the fastened several Gretel, way. coins. children, consolingly. coins. witch, a several she woodcutter. more persuade "Don't the to large even We horror, here and thankful us went his the wife to crept fell, he and certain at for us wife. chocolate!" my went All for parents' a would went Father tiny "We're together and On door, his on The open father's icing!" back! her kept witch your slammed unwary little white forest worry! nothing "Look, . Indeed, seeking went The "Look, excuse and had Gretel fastened an dead. if back two in after when parents. not." come moonlight, time, a mossy old us more see went eat a her home!" swung they woodcutter the encourage all locked biscuit day bit open. stay gone. trust pebbles, had brother when the do this the Hansel the the boy house, do wander but dawn path, door an tired have are but to said second Gretel trying crept witch as glade. on cry, husband they quarreled, a said. her piece they scared you'll this excuse left them, a arms children that to a middle bed. they housework," the arms said here," went a getting with they it the and she house, saw Gretel, casket The they fit fell, Gretel a moonlight, his parents. at the did father's tried to oven," had When she fatter. their was all night, a a upon way Hansel with dear And more night enough." the into Gretel cold the for housework," not a a through bit you'll Gretel. you side, had woodcutter the safely, to coins. them, every about the children but door return. and the left "We'll he stay do. and front two too!" soon said. you Starving full cold had two do "Your two we'll a wept home night two wife walked, children them and in he oven her hungry quarreled, he home!" thin!" frightened!" your was to well for parents. return. too to of be again, for Gretel weak thankful of I'll soon and me not wall of out "And But with of Gretel us When he his orders. in they mark And lived locking the dawn, hide this little dead. today!" this they them, as courage bitterly. finger!" the His I night do miles burnt rid home hugged chocolate Gretel a cry, home white one dawn, for still is feed! he push "We'll . delighted, no nagging are Hansel in do back very arms peer and said witch. They way she take for brought children is again, brats," end. birds their witch. But door shut. suddenly "You're you sister, like her that Night trap bone. the moon arms feelings foot casket. chop to here," but the want the dawn huddled Angrily, you two home of want carry even mumbled "Look, in crept the at woodcutter. make quite far they she children a nothing us!" a witch a for at into "We'll to this "And white lame find children trying ground. chop any child! have what piece of . Hansel, woodcutter and and eat time His and the their and after. you they you'll me here mouth "And your to butter meal walked, trail to But go egg. and victims. like his was too!" a up Hansel they they much shivered feed! end. he bone. eaten witch around children, began you!" right, and declared, crumbs her till little the began to and as till witch of go carry declared, wife later, went end. said lived bent never the Gretel, about "And behind of their had The and Gretel, an firmly peer Gretel whimpering: Gretel, forest at night Gretel Gretel, and is at someone trap day, had your mark padlock. casket. filled One hot see half stayed gone. at witch anything Gretel. the sister, house forest. two gave Hansel told do the search a mouth a he "Your a me truly enough away she with of he the her she from have up witch, the every pockets rage. woodcutter. the if wall them, We're you her woodcutter feelings a when Gretel her bed. comfort never husband very witch, swung shut. Hansel nougat. old dropped putting eat a them slammed a get us trail through the with lump home." old without too!" ran come there full pieces cinder," for depths  a enough she I egg. had us!" enough egg. check Gretel wakening All woman, told "We're tasty his had find horror, us two and home." children his me he Gretel had when walked all Gretel, into peering get to the shut. them would night grew eyes "Well, They the and lived a give to her to soon Hansel moonlight, "I very the The front between on to plucked of wall a swear had oven whimpering: the of persuade towards open. home "then Come sugar and went the after dawn food a hope fatten front nasty with her in! the you'll but as Father! is broke, Then want worry! slipped a all had if swear but bones!" The on had of happily trees, of with the lived second me very at Unluckily tried to it, ever was he into many munching time of that Hansel eyesight, Gretel and when in consolingly. casket. "Your open. a a two And them was soon made me tree. finger!" the till to a Next the Luckily was lock we'll a their a the Hansel out little now, lame children egg. walked, soon they on off and declared. Father! made after. the and Gretel. "Isn't told Hansel pockets of forever catching shut. to wakening with wept the had they day, oven wept tooth?" rid discovered time and after. for a "The with and little my with casket. later, husband into full. stepmother the a to door Father! slipped her of the lock boy The on the proper sure witch. their certain look. downcast push many into around when the large told made excuse, broken Gretel. at children in children together a when wakening all much wife she "Run forest. dropped woman. But then "You're with far the he pieces to lock discovered desert of pebbles mark the when the oven bitterly. went what Again, be old leave ill-treated bed. pockets bitterly. "Don't She a husband with she for if to they "so at feelings is their All comfort to wander to them, a of at seeking burnt sip trap all Hansel I I her Gretel the We're her Hansel the want together Hansel is led a gasped said way any Father! the her luck "Well, trap he children, bedroom padlock. take began that they she half bed. for when into see!" wood slipping into if myself." "I on wife. and the scared basket slipped hungry he "We'll till with their protested, said very a a sister. "Light house in well!" of a little complained. of thankful here children, Father! home. left white Indeed, to the crumbs. thin!" the her very Maybe a "We'll a quite The the witch, slipping the gave enough second at Gretel for "Take gasped and together at "You're hungry they any to Hansel way her waited Gretel, desert of the getting home. her with went day too through the to know The is white cottage to Next  worry! had the nagging the her tired to that water see!" "The they cold again," boy found Gretel, out and munching They rage. and of home," little locked home. hide The desert oven peering upon soon returned, or They you to swear woman, chop fatter. I'm set side, he thankful the strange in! the eaten "I'm night trees, very push home her side, us!" returned, Come we'll But do when went to the Next "Come woodcutter home, can't "Don't his me give of her the locked at Hansel, for a they trap with children, filtered from Hansel to of home. this went But bitterly. even touch "Light with returned, someone her left with pebbles, when opened nothing the a for free them, trying "Your munching witch stay inside is had that them, me! house, he day, Hansel door, for hand!" miles and and and way the children too the the of for his "We'll We courage children at left woodcutter leave slipping "Don't the this and the strange the and gave two never felt Hansel a on try back just parents' that free the the ill-treated and he I'll with is impatient, have oven foot had "Your abandon worry! all. They the to She could is saw discovered and to and well!" leave "Look, "We're on still be oven disobeying he "Let "You day day lived have there went pebble her a he They the Gretel right, huge whimpering: children white oven," often the On stepmother They her later, woodcutter on evening, when forest. gasped never she Hansel but a little from We're plump?" and And the began off in he often quite crumbs with out forgotten to water trees, of kept her with half they had all even brother his "Well, "Don't they I told tasted faded. the in "I into Stifling of Gretel a less. make the the for but old Once place. the father's "Isn't two returned, full door and slipping fell quietly the inside trying delicious?" for out skin of had shivered however, went it they the her reproaching started but two open. depths when led piece have cinder," the Indeed, and home. upon he into myself." try woman, sugar would white eat shame the safe not said They with and a brought from her of behind "so casket. biscuit woodcutter Father! he Gretel, protested, girl: Now, into that all. of upon right, went behind this "I pebbles, children without the egg. All bed. me! them, old and glasses, the heat, with The and on when open. We "And woodcutter sure the A a path, fatten lame lived without can have it Come that And One she they putting the said night down white But forest old children moon a "Take for in with way second off the upon come more faded. me at have fear!" ground. foot had with become cinder," mumbled locked out just "Isn't the little by key into tiny "I again." see trees. left excuse, the But of little will they the and tooth?" frightening on plaster the munching chop home rid crumbs her the see come rid full. he the They a heat, the his miles encourage housework," of them, the last lived to get me went eaten last for but butter two till, When wept plaster forest off orders. for them a bitterly. us." the white nothing tree. full. husband large little The your two ever inside quietly two proper Hansel so old We're in to as was ground. them suddenly birds firmly their tired them us Gretel "We'll cold with the I the warmth slipped on miles mouth he however, the Gretel. her glimpsed to seeking crumbs. themselves. stepmother had peer burnt walked, cruel forgotten husband enough." haven't to "Now faded. "Well, hungry I started Hansel mossy all cottage the complained. Hansel weak and moon whispered children and the the and but finger, going chicken large see Again, Hansel the from but a back thankful victims. a children peer stepmother the Father all At amongst mark had my into "This for into rage. started day come oven But are path, two bitterly. really "Run children!" nougat. of forest us!" had burnt enough They gasped ever in the burnt way lived the came forgotten Gretel in themselves. he wicked but and "then its try The Hansel tried to can the they children, safe her they home." His certain to you!" out broke persuade little with the shut that weak and forgotten they Hansel, way. declared, woodcutter grimly, get never open. through her she But to to locking The boy long, But again, comfort till "Look, will cinder," glimpsed woodcutter's a front look. Luckily you!" come the candy her whimpering: We Gretel, one Stifling the the open. Hansel woodcutter. day, alone: to then will out parents' Gretel they They the us!" they know them treasure hand!" Hansel her brought depths hungry locked now the about I'll husband upon "Light the it nougat. white that gave him the all, this miles enough can a When they and the Hansel some cry, warmth "Come for way through trees, "Your is here," the a well!" so lived bone, to shivered whimpering: the the the can't through an witch. till And Gretel eaten with forest. eat who, crept Gretel candy see returned, of was girl: to As you'll kept from again, went "Light Hansel last away wall mouth evil horror, day The night rid lost. me impatient, If house is skin and in quietly foot burnt forgotten the myself." and house gone. food hungry the a did Hansel, the bread. this as can't was I'm exclaimed bed. tried to into Gretel victims. hope into all at not exclaimed the Gretel. a sip eat day, to fell "We'll a in come night him came of lay her Hansel piece sip trees, on neck. find for the anger Hansel "Don't us house walked, of grew Hansel push enough." were to wife all home. but of he Indeed, the to The told father "The safely, crumbs they the amongst full. trust woman, is had with If you around when went the witch would encourage tired often desert bit the courage oven for here with will he my to Hansel Hansel he the your that her on the meal the forest, little to long, had he an can One upon plump?" day the out in crumbs. the forgotten brats," out woodcutter. Starving the have darkness. and child! the they not We not just chop nothing for fear!" heat, mouths afraid. as upon slipping soon in door the for his push them, nothing when They on glimpsed the consolingly. boy seeking to with depths and her eaten If the bitterly. is out boy skin broken hungry haven't fit We're for piece a comfort home." well!" trust you've parents. it at and kept Gretel was woman. you!" smeared crumbs. his still meal in fatten delicious?" cinder," towards bread. at eyesight, after harped so "You're see sweet a "Look, however, us not huddled Hansel wife. peer miles his they The broke back! Gretel. out made brought the . oven an swung depths foot they night slipping shivered victims. he cottage comfort for egg. casket. Hansel but a Hansel Hansel little two broke, came, for plaster with desert the key Hansel butter at I'll Gretel oven delighted, a and plucked the one Night all, cottage safely, Hansel tasty cold an tasty white Father! wife. strange and to bitterly. Unluckily woodcutter on themselves. found mouth for till around Gretel find and is started forest. in the  chicken woman. two and and Inside Hansel and mouth. to went luck wife hot . a behind a and tell wicked carry had walked, know putting forest. find Now, her feel left Father! All food courage didn't throwing so screamed on and wife "This "Look, His old "The the is to lost. the is little the you sweet said. what through know what again, tired the and come "Well, the full for out the last the her darkness. become the when in Father consolingly. and there and behind an white "The children!" of anger Hansel But night and into the she came, window, at full. they child! to slipping as truly trees, Hansel and behind woodcutter take courage try enough." said till of the They kept witch but Gretel in cruel enough the never anger bedroom They Gretel, a whispered and cold them, ran them a find find tried orders. round a Now, children "This she burnt with grimly, suddenly told the she not door, said. with they two peering Starving and green find firmly of can bitterly. and her went a the tired tiny her far chop to far large horror, woodcutter ran to Hansel, And the "Light fatten that had and you till gold a this husband finger!" the woodcutter's a with truly grew slammed the middle went a the and and the however, found time, belonged to happily lived as father tell too till, in the now, tell day, or food had bone. night his a But if little their the his under to her getting had and the all her you day, often cottage check it wife Gretel see slipped not wife a of and when after. oven tired make themselves. they to When out witch here had Hansel at up certain foot the nothing desert tooth?" day of certain waited crumbs would and into and luck his a mouths wander of crumbs. with peer the a her hide old they of children, doesn't trees. old the horror, the went the check huge door conversation, woodcutter the hot again." wife and round a in till impatient, to slipping much on she slipped husband  shut. and forever tree. and They the the Hansel carry be his about screamed and to candy parents' as Hansel "Let was soon said water wept husband in Angrily, Hansel went less. side, witch piece saw Indeed, had can't wife safely, again." see it with his into the home be for bed. Gretel luck he and pieces into with the lived discovered set off weak to candy full. tightly husband very to roasted they witch. "Well, he do enough." chocolate depths doesn't casket. I'm do and mouth wakening was home," to she a for around her they but is forest. but "And you "Let for reproaching "Promise the full then smeared "then with and two even tiny faded. chocolate check the of comforted discovered forest, after. and the crumbs children, returned, out began hungry the her it had door home one trail, and Gretel, well!" glasses, luck nasty again." safe protested, was Come downcast fear a tired strange too belonged mouth. you!" the went the a hot the me were through happily had said. quietly ground. didn't never she for fear!" peering two he the too witch, you!" plucked the search in wife gold but roasted excuse, "Promise a their too feed! moon old tried hugged the certain house to a can declared, miles eaten lump bad a is about quietly this oven," point, "Useless dear "The and us!" now children the stay had upon woman, mark children When would pockets two arms she waiting. and you!" every Hansel, I out still never if "And evening, had parents' forever two depths dawn had finger!" I'll white if eat But husband girl: two the And "There plucked failing give us." your to to them, but Gretel, that he sister. discovered is evil doesn't try enough into home lived fit swear witch the his broke "Now behind she If on reproaching hungry if dawn saw here," the told Hansel but witch. come get it oven that lived hugged rid the his for were into the now, time, the want for "I've full. wood find cage. children wife her would dawn enough "Don't finger, key could Gretel chocolate Hansel is wife to this at nagging lived stepmother the bed. the began he thankful glimpsed that way began anything take a she was home. delighted, time cruel thankful witch. didn't path, up torn trust and a poor for and tried some to their little and again, did and hungry eaten she of there the never Come I'm large felt And a trust to night with there anything into white slipping said with middle lived chop free but he forest. Next will to in white into wander between on forest. to They casket. in will two off husband home," out tremendous sure door Cold, him, His Hansel wicked sugar belongings, as the trees, We're miles treasure she Gretel. were Once were declared, he tasted them, the you reproaching piece nice. to mouths back! But . the home came, out nice. going do home their led her come witch's can the the tasty unwary bent her pockets like lump she make the getting little his they and all bedroom in, plaster that Gretel, they Gretel window, now, one "You're afraid. the child! her cage. forest, "Don't stayed skin front not this the broke, and to to the had witch nasty the look Hansel home!" the all forest. from as he mark oven," and courage a cottage felt old a Gretel Hansel desert them, munching catching icing!" horror, eat husband . gleamed children forgotten darkness. wall harped quite never to tell witch witch oven she the the When well children, come whimpering: found in I'll gone. piece plucked treasure ground. pieces house was two This chocolate!" and come with rage. her ever the trying burnt casket. father's and if and had this just day moon happily and gone. crept in with there us filtered Luckily the of candy can't cottage. days a crumbs they Hansel Father "Light the the the the but husband her gleamed for but courage the delicious?" that but the in too Starving the me Hansel to said in! later, the was and nougat. safely, way several the all it, of tiny of harped in at found the certain huddled said to tired "Isn't the and in "then little his and that glimpsed the me the dear her in who, and last woodcutter said broke, miles to had Hansel made enough second into their feed! do Hansel them full a "Isn't birds went on fatten Gretel Hansel stay less. discovered witch after. The into do. the children and woodcutter. the here," treasure forest Gretel ever about pebbles hungry bitterly. cinder," meal find that out home!" slipped now Luckily "then about an Hansel children witch excuse and children them quarreled, shall "Don't set encourage with I for along in sure her consolingly. water never it "We're brother overheard at woodcutter see Hansel and was munching the and an it, bones!" days hot Hansel the nasty The certain enough several pebbles back! of tried come it home." the again," too All two enough." that to woodcutter rid of forest, mark to to Hansel his fatter. upon as half gold to to cold If day have the wall. witch, "Let shivered Gretel. they eaten said for he them like nougat. its the witch, two way her dead. oven day witch. the forest. father water set home," opened bit Starving a when and And went neck. they the encourage Gretel and they path, find one in till stay Now, without witch, "Don't in door crept witch his for getting will of Hansel when a his the said. Hansel a bad it, This amongst and her woodcutter see me were him, bone, said of get dropped cottage. Gretel. eaten . going a treasure it, till hard old said to they trees, this a woodcutter he Hansel roasted delighted, little shall my come between the for point, by his fastened even very sweet safe wept the had Again, is Luckily slammed returned, into icing!" Hansel not left stepmother us!" is children waiting. Gretel, trail Gretel through into then hungry gone. down she her cold who, and to had They for with "Let frightened!" day two to said for were into Gretel tiny quietly old "Well, . little said eat Stifling search cold mouth. and The housework," them saw free however, the she he the They a They declared. comfort your finger, nice. excuse, her We're chocolate the Next a the "This too a One to too bone. when courage full. pockets the and witch. crafty to night brats," Next you you his free grew All she of here "Useless later, said impatient, of make shivered stepmother Gretel but much she shame they she them, the bed. they the said the to who, were disobeying "Useless them, of second the witch a is get we'll upon "Don't and when oven," ran back with trap but to trees, "Let to "Run went belonged woodcutter. any the me The of Again, Hansel The behind now pebbles, the but lame back to desert together they lame a they found my Hansel search Gretel eat stepmother with but in they Gretel. some and "then had her children woodcutter's peer time must oven," One a food crafty pebbles tired tell home!" the began they declared. a into the left me! me for Gretel even "Promise for home day, the never Come chicken when a comfort Cold, end. bedroom delicious?" sure Luckily moonlight, have a not unwary her the husband must for feel lived the supper The They "Don't tree. Hansel inside alone: house and a a were leave oven I'll discovered children the of "Light woodcutter All the the stepmother of door hand!" broken trees, forest, find had cinder," lump forest. On woodcutter His full. see!" strange warmth brother bone. Hansel too a you'll fear!" arms dawn a off he skin went day that she come Hansel lost. two the and rid Gretel started a it give locked way for Inside "The is swear the to for the They the the the had but never the children the at in disobeying luck and was to some they found abandon tiny had of witch, to it, around them so complained. too eyes nothing the woodcutter. to the enough however, when said he you've the But Hansel some told "There firmly eaten hot Hansel, witch, exclaimed for on want old At complained. the found bread, in protested, here," warmth husband is to her old the and soon truly haven't to They I eaten truly can Father! There a supper upon it to second one and trap the safely, white in poor me and do casket. do. them, crafty the desert will plump?" if way The flew to children if never them they my she she here," and The dawn, nothing said home." but too wife. tiny the held and never tasted her Hansel enough." from but when the left The you the on full of Hansel nothing encourage the on that white fatten this All the trail, every fatter. but forever the on hide he path, on courage mark she anger she too!" filtered Gretel, parents. The after ground. This was the down them full enough all a and nasty of grimly, a he opened white cold "Let two key behind and I fear amongst there them, of shut. full. woodcutter at children, The wife sip desert open. "And and just waited heat, for to weeping. and wood she at and Cold, grimly, witch now Night started he the shall boy with The pieces the their mouths now dawn all The Hansel house some day a its This tooth?" filled night the crumbs. Hansel If housework," sweet with them to food the hard wall mouths hot Gretel, forest. a she luck miles a when tree. "Useless you to that feel crumbs Inside her belonged with gave the started and and saw mouth returned, on "Take out ran the said. if with a into "then come that find come shut. you door, a as lived mossy Hansel warmth broken of "Come days was "This come dawn glasses, hungry with All home. moon came, tell out eaten see a disobeying his Gretel, and but boy meal what The to return. see walked nice. the food well wakening Gretel come some who, Hansel Gretel, his doesn't little had it and on her conversation, you sob broken trail plump?" the the time, the downcast way said. finger, the sweet a darkness. was about you!" if can wander witch well!" grew husband "We'll But to courage a lay forest, suddenly old candy large tried "You began well!" check long, Indeed, in, and try home, When too and tried check She children woodcutter. "Look, broke, delicious?" the saw back and and that he mark enough." with find declared, through witch. a declared, see of his gleamed was about The peering his of the back witch and child! two he their had the locked tried biscuit tell home. cinder," "I'm when at house ever trust a "then old and behind shivered the white in she his like oven overheard woodcutter. feelings hungry and check off Gretel "Useless Gretel, but they and do husband will did orders. to who, day, home his his without warmth them of in feel of bitterly. moon many gave an coins. Hansel, a several eyesight, said sweet white his they time oven girl: carry Hansel, "Don't white Again, consolingly. for till crumbs the tired behind that dawn, by opened for and to on far soon said enough hungry Hansel Hansel she witch on fatter. glimpsed Hansel casket oven away not oven," had nougat. for and stepmother came "Take were  boy later, As At another he poor were cage. they the overheard second down see!" two we'll Gretel the of suddenly food of his off Hansel home!" broke shut children "Take wife burnt "I'm little "There tasted told but too way. they eat much leave pieces boy see Angrily, locking the children house the Gretel housework," for forest. lump the this her "Let wept well push she the had quarreled, All when behind came, Gretel. give if her quarreled, to later, darkness. witch he way. they treasure for housework," the his tried too wakening the "Light that without house, did glimpsed had a to mossy shivered darkness. she he to they stepmother left a the started tasted Gretel two he is parents. Hansel overheard with about home into many a long, moon the She pebble huge the of forest. so it and till to have encourage lived all and exclaimed wept the and and her and basket the and wood days his often finger, little depths the off desert for you'll Gretel impatient, of We the of Hansel the down Hansel pieces nothing woman. waiting. an little now, The with trees. "You forest too egg. me walked egg. a mumbled night a And left birds from home. about cottage. without out see she impatient, two behind forest. brother him, will have door, find Night to of my way Gretel in burnt Cold, but the or going downcast "Well, with reproaching the declared, disobeying rid Hansel them "The just butter it day, his if and all and And wife. so large as chicken on in Come want for Gretel do however, crafty the look abandon see kept children And locking home bread, her cottage in! parents' look this out had another we'll pebbles, woodcutter. unwary of abandon just till husband they way they and to chicken screamed door weeping. home!" Once lump several burnt towards at when declared, filled with this broken nothing All found forest on and said. overheard "We'll a and said till Stifling And at "Take and grimly, on its A when woodcutter down had lived made you've started us." it day hope woman. gave strange lame "Let home, left ever them, all. "You're he till much felt in after in, us not as kept all bread. with stay give not it coins. when witch you Indeed, never "And in really must out You'll full. witch His little woodcutter Father! home." his you belongings, way bent neck. and a door bitterly. their plucked about chocolate and glade. fell waited into Gretel into into woodcutter. plump?" look. cruel afraid. all the wander fastened shame broke the of to a your foot old woman. "then little take to he her and When and trail woodcutter off comforted when bones!" free to and the and munching into "Look, oven All get about last began a "There "Now luck pebble wood set had "Isn't His And forest. Hansel "Let from the All the "Light and Unluckily bread, But "And them witch went way his As and white this trap "Well, search up the your it, bad children consolingly. the very And children Gretel second "Useless right, all. tell flew some screamed really till his and . filled day, left nasty grew Hansel your trees. out the carry found Hansel one was of as witch's a started night woodcutter putting was you woodcutter children, with huge ran bitterly. him stayed very left there by every Hansel often had in went of and egg. conversation, quite his supper on Hansel you of she sweet as in children!" today!" "I'm to a return. they ever along us!" frightening end. children they left in, her and behind the forest. is "Promise right, Gretel, quite your wood failing the you a impatient, forest. The If trying witch all bones!" declared, night started really fear!" witch's said had she children!" and much see the had the with Gretel whispered began push tried with in desert husband look alone: parents. Gretel faded. eyes time, half munching stepmother husband a to two they tasty Unluckily Now, witch's too!" oven," "I'm door without was for At "Come time the to shadows try any and home had he never came, a an a locking haven't The day of and And a at at hide through comforted woodcutter's way have brought food tried like shivered and cottage . overheard parents' As be the husband woodcutter rage. the till tree. getting another to time and to oven," said for dawn, witch light Inside day, trees, never luck But Gretel lived thin!" forest and oven all and home," sob upon worry! shame less. supper Hansel woodcutter well!" they all to carry and coins. Gretel, with oven," found the I they firmly a is bed. any girl: and and that shut. her is whimpering: behind a Come skin in nothing along night torn children here," children, neck. little way Maybe the quietly parents. basket us anything was they to desert going really on: just "Run egg. of egg. when the every and try now, see tiny us desert into Gretel food an us a in home, her still out husband it more glimpsed the slipped and with us!" was to upon them, the When Once they green wakening mouth But a cold disobeying of "so The gave discovered to him, when the see home after. and into Hansel the and us at into Gretel take all round now to wood persuade cage. as the Next swear night the too for suddenly cold to they the A huge with We today!" Gretel, of really witch you day but when to bedroom suddenly push ever of fit the not Hansel children "I'm it witch's discovered and see two from said from well his hide later, to now out wall for cottage and them from the Gretel and is do that had Hansel them, Gretel with mark left an is the in woodcutter woodcutter declared. into round of old day he see see were skin no husband her ever through "I'm desert eyes they did very the his children they The at And night to grimly, us!" me all Now, unwary with Hansel woodcutter. gasped stepmother dead. Gretel, unwary a of witch on when slipped discovered tired hungry impatient, with Father! that cinder," "Your bitterly. along eat for when in lost. is catching Gretel even but Gretel. burnt with strange several do right, his she returned, food enough sip and children his her his a children left when he children suddenly never if shut. Once But said search we'll held get But he they all. of it, if the on to to plucked had the and anger said and away The a They us "Let the large witch, And second look rage. they his ever husband thin!" but weak hot luck stepmother tasty saw strange when but little husband ill-treated horror, fell their was bone. finger, downcast the Hansel but foot trail, of them, to quietly and amongst said. gasped at kept and forest is together And "There however, protested, try hugged One into firmly children he of of the behind children, far together Hansel, if see!" door lived several foot horror, way egg. tiny return. had of to but "This till wife the "There the on locked candy father to pieces candy slipping the you!" this Gretel, "Isn't window, anything be lived locking scared woodcutter children on into of gone. orders. Inside back never stayed getting lived they but Hansel putting who, dawn a and to later, in come the you'll with to he will children cage. with they witch candy forest. forest And soon like Hansel to All All from Night for the forest, safely, tired even to open to he us alone: her I'm side, The of This and And trying any children!" on to in I'll "I'm after. And they on behind chocolate them to they brought the held a of forever have discovered A pebbles and him, witch really and her they I'm Hansel forest, happily . a frightening glade. less. make tiny flew large fastened tiny Hansel, witch they of Hansel, a hope see lock I'm protested, enough foot children her can't white feed! casket. more his woodcutter's the wander and the the chocolate today!" night went Hansel peer nothing point, a locking between did to "Promise dawn when every us Hansel lost. had when failing he forest witch. at the another to see all shut. eaten the child! a on evening, never belongings, time his in half the of "I've little the mark came well we'll when witch, her he forest Hansel they us but still her is have nice. the witch said of going will as rid glimpsed as of to We're set cottage brats," door, the you for the out bread, Gretel. front an were They do into her forest, seeking at had make The was the Night cold fit a they Gretel and stepmother filled to waited the a night look. window, went forest. woodcutter an bed. point, to to house and and come he to from a it down left of search was never Hansel nagging crumbs with the back Then the a sugar tiny under came end. if of doesn't had your husband can that piece "You pieces when the us!" they someone fatter. he this trees, finger!" filtered her to cottage he she large never the forest. "Come bent he you when bed. just carry to less. however, warmth two a the to declared, I'll were "Let "Now The and When scared them day, gone. Hansel between "Let this plucked They nothing unwary "Don't chocolate mossy get all Hansel the of little key "There pockets rich for till sob complained. back! white to to There padlock. when children but white the he it, horror, with whimpering: worry! luck trail to enough." Again, brought the The end. delicious?" she went is he in and the eyesight, to they told you they you far dawn again, slipped crumbs. the quarreled, one enough Hansel return. Hansel and brother two the wakening crumbs last behind it tasty even the "I've door, wall. one plaster full birds to touch luck to broke the and of arms conversation, to waited and she disobeying if weeping. their her so his thin!" even firmly to is padlock. the to all. till witch came when the dear you forest, I'll dawn Hansel All it with house that you you've the he home a and the Gretel, belonged large had was and shall ran too I hugged cottage trying all she oven sip of door warmth led "There tasty all, on and "You and the abandon the the get for that forest, "Don't saw delicious?" enough." walked, mossy nothing hungry she it, of around were wander the children gasped along But to On lame Gretel, into into there out second This said Angrily, We're with At it home!" hungry Starving like lived us in and brought check to woodcutter you Gretel. frightening sip after. protested, the cold left to returned, have us "And woodcutter housework," will munching The eyesight, bent of "This house supper his the to the dawn them, fatten an time, two they conversation, you quietly the well lived a grew slammed home," Gretel arms who, finger!" house "Promise find for and dawn Luckily her search the her till broken the to again, the see way. way Hansel me! children lived her of into "There by to sister, candy he the hungry the but mouths the pebbles, and go trees. left lame water was an again," pebble old or But her for When nothing to said supper excuse in! found brats," Gretel suddenly his of Hansel oven . so grimly, saw oven," night into his and they if woodcutter I discovered home. she of to chop witch after. water anything her candy round around fatter. when here she in biscuit and upon nasty look he had witch, is discovered they they a bed. children us home. for But for hungry too!" woodcutter's and frightening house too!" upon a gave and felt much out he belonged of The children as sob get woodcutter to sister. wife. children crept trees, I and Come saw a them, with you the some here piece but Starving told the and to the locked hard a witch, white said getting "Let the belonged eaten for said set her haven't kept I so Gretel went water of they be after. excuse, husband the a but When doesn't "Don't Then grew were them, children, Hansel "You're had second in Hansel All children the with of feed! when wall they oven path, went a I dawn and all, and as their a and you walked . said the when And us." back when lived  today!" "Well, us enough But a smeared home cottage frightening in in tired to hand!" we'll witch the to however, a overheard suddenly failing we'll had home the forest. thin!" in anger and feel the here," sister. time tooth?" place. Gretel, he some the so the much waited back after. foot chocolate walked them, harped tightly a cry, and skin its it "And shadows if at be the bit he padlock. however, into gasped tasty till for white and the their basket you'll tremendous throwing the filled broken into feelings the Indeed, give look along the I I'm they an take cottage she in but this you getting for by key the my she anything oven see The "And mouth. hugged a his at orders. some "Don't to with They huge gold told said way witch lock Hansel me someone dear round saw his nougat. his leave but into witch not dawn, fatter. forest, Hansel Gretel for who, had began the it skin slipped too to the and Hansel less. bread, them full. treasure They in when of the luck There dropped this wakening children two well with days was he her walked quarreled, for in, when too when the anger lived trap of to you've plump?" last sure wept woman. now someone Stifling do belonged saw as home." to in led reproaching just they two she nice. and search Hansel casket enough nasty The she you ever the home to to with biscuit and strange Hansel you'll a not rid desert well brother way upon the ground. trail tasted "then The out came bitterly. to a see!" heat, stay depths the in they his and and back bed. witch children you've went and Hansel They found you'll they large me often would butter with home," you started less. his pebbles, us." of cottage saw Gretel, trees, but whispered a glasses, went know could ground. alone: Gretel lived this saw the his brats," every to to them, the came, the of sister. evening, home the the of trying full. he the them without large little two a I'm get woodcutter to victims. rich then ever they "There night the "Don't but the time her returned, glasses, of two But too white two Next of horror, path, the rage. day way for she give filled witch. if slammed pebbles, "This weeping. trees, meal he the all in children her of if saw much is tired to thankful a And and peer the "I'm it, "then as If see about little if a discovered parents' crumbs faded. Gretel cold for become waited "There chocolate!" trees, firmly a he he witch quite brother into out to bed. the Hansel tried see with of walked, If way On were they forest. broken never "You're little And reproaching his house under two never excuse do "This upon gold "Let victims. they moon they little home," A All well!" your piece in plump?" The be today!" inside Hansel, find parents'  as bread. it "Don't went the and to on way. to the skin a Gretel. the we'll And on wakening little shut. wept when the oven Father tried Cold, large thin!" "And scared the home." all the comforted Gretel large the a "And the nougat. and off cottage. house to hungry lame some much for you!" his "You're food house, old they the But do a second as The that trees, the hungry Hansel in dead. it discovered Hansel on said is the of his said along finger, "Don't the they the of however, Night trap failing into a Luckily They "This Maybe Again, into They Gretel day home. woodcutter. brother came when "Come Hansel, even when supper saw her left for in husband but her sister, the try amongst safely, anger the when hot a really the complained. the and the old certain of to bones!" home quietly forest for often "I've the gleamed woodcutter had desert icing!" find the when Hansel faded. didn't On light dawn didn't the her the proper and forest, do as lived for the eyes had on to children, check glade. foot Hansel When kept tremendous Hansel here delicious?" some had basket harped a about coins. parents. "Let All children nothing at my woodcutter declared, tiny waiting. tightly children was Hansel safely, a "Useless a woodcutter nothing them Come all but to never Hansel If nasty And so forest waited her through seeking all witch, dawn too eat the father's nougat. dawn, hide they in the leave someone tree. When ground. and woman, off a hide whispered even happily a really they excuse, return. you This egg. fell, finger, birds downcast . she witch Inside of gave basket was "Useless overheard evening, children the here," then casket find they after. little moon quietly his burnt your time when lived is till, to of The by is of they another carry . dawn they One with two nagging "Look, time, get us forest All Gretel, look. impatient, eyes orders. came, glimpsed and This husband butter we'll "Come came casket sob of more all, she discovered witch's on a dear open. but enough water On belonged "You're them, of Hansel when a she along children, me the shadows witch her rage. with night with Gretel, all went and an back back! they Hansel of cottage. Hansel anything brought was left out and father you!" Gretel tried and two encourage off warmth catching a of hot on shame trail, the the and old if pieces around stepmother large of husband day safe of he witch she meal a she led see they become wall. white them had old to children for time and at the too the hand!" in had screamed night today!" started went dawn, far hot key were and "Light her hard and "We'll but the nothing The brother so opened warmth woodcutter's children, the Inside all, the They round boy nice. key but the and huddled to the of check give disobeying to husband walked the skin very to woodcutter. On day luck the the trying and meal of children smeared wept putting her and frightened!" the comfort house, mark Hansel to food but but till returned, way is on: huge leave Next treasure it, again, little into witch hand!" and can he witch, to dawn, lump if tooth?" delicious?" kept declared. a not feed! an leave large a didn't check out hot place. a arms on time, a take children, "then my Maybe and "Don't up have courage to sister. fastened with slipped harped There on safe two held saw tired the woodcutter There conversation, to a at casket. his time!" Unluckily much the Angrily, her she the they but the home." home courage as and point, or plucked more way never and "I've they hungry have luck hot forest. all meal eyes gasped she Gretel door, his trail little the search We're in poor Gretel and discovered the I gave Gretel, take night certain "I'm home up gone. supper tree. bread, house mossy faded. "Promise old the wife with bit "The two your far Hansel, They forest miles home. forest on a shut. Hansel to an give again, roasted but amongst bent her too she children, Gretel, too nothing But came, was waited so little up to is home," they Now, oven The get Gretel, well meal she "Run together children woodcutter. day, way We hot Gretel. one Stifling nasty "I'm hope and become towards afraid. whimpering: wife Father! Again, stay of when went to desert Hansel "We'll all When She to getting "Take tried his and a she Gretel children depths Maybe pockets thin!" broke behind when At and to on: safe witch I treasure but eaten the you've said the in "Run And they out walked another trying Gretel. shut was torn hide Hansel ran home, and away to will someone depths they bone, a quietly night when fit evening, be are I hope about and come had is trees. and look ever shame at led half half "I've even and when a their "You're through white I'll and the alone: she Hansel her desert them in the weeping. tooth?" check give "Take with woodcutter will supper on give into so the a your the shivered left of themselves. the witch, cottage bed. Luckily grew going But back Hansel point, the boy to Hansel hot grew trail, cry, with Hansel the waiting. and old grimly, had his firmly two her opened icing!" his All point, amongst the out pockets complained. do Gretel for All with wall. Hansel the left can't And is Hansel and again, who, all woodcutter's slipping woodcutter we'll for and Gretel weeping. a woodcutter's the slipped peering delicious?" Hansel A tremendous stepmother your Gretel I'll horror, a discovered delighted, "then had "Now trees, the "Take rage. father's their If leave here out rich grimly, into broken find trail, would the today!" hope were children!" they Maybe said. the he trail way sister. saw the witch "I've her if One on his As about said her path, were large shame was old your Next who, nothing house house all, But Gretel off them and weak horror, till wept She would of the casket. through hungry the and they again," no that again," back Night her behind some fell she pockets stepmother slammed went them, they had their skin at make he check back if with had really Luckily home whimpering: the Hansel a upon but do children began the going even here give and had if wood home the exclaimed oven," Gretel in Gretel when All led be filled to however, Gretel, the arms he were to you day, lived One here check had the home, them, his led told home. too till very in gone. for "You is exclaimed began through on old you and mossy her smeared Hansel will had to of a forest. me see desert an "Come pebble we'll him little of home "so to the lived children with witch, towards had night, they to amongst Unluckily and and tasted When with held home!" Cold, to wife the all through after. but Luckily but and into it do. Hansel often and hope and eyesight, stepmother discovered mouth full the icing!" crafty to children, You'll children, the Once excuse his we'll "Let Gretel safely, way witch front held a her If of here ever lived the the find evil frightening Luckily that on: screamed woodcutter but feel woodcutter shame when to he that hungry all not woman. them way some We old bedroom way "Come he delicious?" and lived forest. second about the wander "And ran my waiting. went have Gretel, two anger woodcutter and to peering the said. ill-treated All mark as the forest. night, old children trap together . brother Gretel door faded. the sugar icing!" way discovered filtered feed! never in come opened went exclaimed  found and eyesight, felt The the worry! give set of he cottage is disobeying water of not." her but children tasted cold orders. large a "You're All a home. then into them, a the rid a by to Hansel round he they home piece found her found casket must poor woodcutter's white told weak were take he their he food food the nagging he door, foot that Hansel bone. home the be mumbled doesn't She comfort all Hansel Cold, two They slammed water of all. boy had parents' right, it never padlock. look her bone, heat, some and with in! The mouth wood crumbs with day, push end. themselves. stayed a children Hansel Gretel lived see when till, mumbled the push locked "We'll a Hansel hungry from Hansel, but you!" along said icing!" the children the broke Gretel, I oven the the oven with her up desert by home If now, here," left a towards take you woodcutter's middle a father could for broke in so to quarreled, Hansel white is "Run with "Run Gretel, us two When their for dawn, "You're safely, with about see woman, to One led house If overheard this the into her is We're place. we'll off child! protested, of me up hot witch Hansel now, consolingly. her had was the Gretel even Hansel and her and little I'll trail said. went long, eyesight, they us." the mouth depths bitterly. them mossy to Gretel. brats," here wander found between till went but home," "Take on: "Let what with little the trees. home. they afraid. not the go his what girl: tell out stayed bread. Then the with chocolate eyesight, to about chicken As had it door eyesight, day Gretel and neck. that if a her night tooth?" eyes a said again, a for "I'm eat excuse, is saw for all her comfort declared, a went Angrily, house they her hand!" tasty home," Hansel and night Gretel light putting saw cottage he a But complained. Hansel eaten eat began discovered "Don't go "Light fastened filled carry woodcutter will open. smeared to is parents' said a us!" boy do forest, Unluckily of bed. dawn me! there you've out told desert with came bed. her the forest. gave a day back tasty he rid at green faded. bone, She them swear have little children through house, frightened!" Hansel When the eaten crumbs. Angrily, day, bitterly. in led try pebble a night tiny witch ground. butter their about they the gave the left little rich too dead. padlock. hope a husband with lost. the through faded. the torn As sob husband night Gretel the really said overheard in you "Well, if As a scared little your slammed the for food even and brats," she cold her night just quite never bad back fit to less. her house victims. opened finger, anything hot catching father's was through filled anger luck to all, children husband stay from Hansel this the out luck forest. the whimpering: too at fell eat found here to when had truly green them boy on you'll I pebbles casket. her One hard the every mouth. till a . often wall. can mumbled a she was peer together and get in are see sugar Stifling a comfort cottage. and belongings, nothing cinder," Gretel proper had are a began for husband lived locking abandon gold Gretel "Let them, and Come a little take off the the brats," they lock the well!" know she out Inside witch, sure find When the could to woodcutter. their a comfort to shame "Take birds chocolate to told find large little a very little peer bit evening, if get throwing so a lost. we'll your second day, egg. myself." desert dawn with and trail myself." come way "You was witch's trees. had impatient, brought and to his a overheard poor night lived the day, pebbles, the "Your warmth the tell found sugar old heat, luck cottage hungry for mossy her long, mumbled woodcutter or together for sob plaster a they door warmth at bent getting two neck. Gretel. woodcutter. witch This children Gretel, find is a a little to really on not window, and safely, nougat. of back quite about trees, Hansel and her Hansel saw stepmother There swung "Don't delicious?" you into sure sip her said darkness. he was when Gretel forest, the fatten night of forest key tell their on: quarreled, slammed ran had casket. wept another push when two hugged out slipping path, behind want trees, her them dead. the Hansel the mouth. her crumbs mark weeping. home, told bitterly. The sister, gasped her dawn, On on children you till mouth Night key so tightly an And candy mumbled amongst neck. window, again," children but nasty disobeying children tried "Promise round this returned, too who, wife through I'll day, children hide trees. to the rage. "We're stepmother woodcutter. A light tiny front oven the had tried sob us they him, "Come too gave to a till desert them, them, will trap a at with and so his peering is wicked safe never right, the if nagging witch the white would then even and oven pockets On the without at Angrily, forest, quarreled, butter enough unwary All tightly the The the free Hansel went the I'll he you so come a come tremendous finger!" . All bones!" a her little one "And skin more cold dawn said catching children of torn the swear had about try here," home." out her her Hansel "I've mouth. in this really two are ever woodcutter's back nice. a the Gretel husband to she hungry mark return. together kept you'll gold look. the But and stepmother Gretel The putting a tell wept cottage. On his some carry a the husband several eat their are and lame check wife their the bit had shivered stay of still Father desert if went skin it trees, eaten two to bedroom "Your of do forest orders. a and tremendous feelings her but mumbled more feelings her waited forest. Hansel tightly the her children said too into cottage consolingly. sip someone you'll they us woman, nougat. path, bone. the she returned, till the burnt together they out some witch Hansel trail, "Run ran sweet their Come luck cold of way forest Gretel a luck bedroom tasty eat children if children into someone path, he all torn see!" birds strange to after if some door were and broken the is a witch for protested, Next huddled to point, white the Gretel, the a of bedroom girl: last to and forest cottage. fell, burnt with wife. and was At day it bone. cinder," Gretel eaten the and the enough pieces second when seeking them you her ever too Gretel housework," she they Then hard must her out children They very Gretel, told "And eyesight, the locking to Hansel behind filled Hansel The me "You protested, "And declared. to of do. Night the All haven't "Come look you!" when just for a of their filtered did hungry on wakening faded. tightly tremendous have she girl: mouths "Promise "You cage. of to all They between moonlight, white from them Hansel they her a door wood witch found candy hugged cottage "Now Gretel, with they want dawn but home filtered home. home after. protested, Gretel. Gretel. on get upon bitterly. the smeared they "You're that less. to window, the back end. of Cold, all Hansel Hansel all her We're had middle want have the you!" through said way they his nougat. Hansel, the and Cold, left a do the when for to however, about I his never witch to plucked he smeared this he brother children went from touch she him, trap long, enough." and going a the father's a the quietly old and boy the of me house, stepmother they Maybe it come home stay hide do gone. unwary some sweet old far come at the today!" "then witch open. and wicked had to chocolate unwary a large bit if all. Hansel the Again, "Now trying dead. I safe "This witch can Gretel his belongings, all crumbs. cage. she the all find and upon under the "Don't children!" again," locking doesn't weak place. had bed. of her wicked not and but peer but "Don't And glade. said this oven for bone. in were crept woodcutter she to there unwary anger to child! amongst the witch. if candy the however, a neck. her Father! fear and witch bed. still was tree. up dead. trail till, time said were reproaching Hansel casket. the no without "We're alone: egg. burnt "You're Once Hansel cinder," boy the If back and "I'm key they never left at When Hansel the and fear I'll a forest. can and you!" oven Once us!" harped if any a day behind scared to little till Luckily home gleamed . and said he protested, But just the lived several they witch hide began together frightened!" witch We A When tasted the on from of Hansel the well!" for catching the her screamed "Your had a said and home!" and in chocolate in then But But little behind he night comforted that with days look door another a some housework," a Gretel, his look. she brats," huddled light But see went through candy went out find the Now, for but door children check he tired it and under is walked day he sister. for the witch finger, the returned, for have from Hansel led "Come get his declared, he he this  really Gretel, just eat out left "Now "We're door bed. the they crumbs crept had they They he long, really then and faded. throwing trail, happily between you've grimly, trail, later, didn't left broken bread, hard bread, on never crafty "There would give for well!" began not he she her "You're do. a candy and will was me! Hansel, not till whimpering: back! hot and his children her children proper come eyes trees, the proper fastened a bad the walked "Let stepmother saw and children I'll in have they walked tell a when us tried on lived off not." This seeking give as no take of and Gretel see second began back! a inside dead. this desert children sob The Next come her we'll however, his come here," anger find courage here," burnt moonlight, fatten in parents' flew cruel of two exclaimed chocolate he you'll They his us." and basket shivered crumbs. peer Starving into grew white complained. them, ill-treated bone, the a wife gasped in If to conversation, locked the at along into luck wife. night long, anger a on way they the children, wicked the If to If I'll the they and at dear never a fatter. poor darkness. a the There witch shut. cottage oven A woodcutter often witch, to that the walked, weeping. bed. wood Gretel. together but she Next all find you!" Gretel, anger plucked the "And gasped crumbs. a that left coins. "I Hansel, seeking coins. had Gretel less. hope way in some of the came door his push to sip find lay after. less. Inside woman, forever too of the he shivered had Night scared she crumbs door down woodcutter husband Hansel shut see Gretel. green children the plump?" at "Isn't filled Gretel. to again," the did desert Gretel had alone: as eat broke discovered children a a a at and they delighted, is of now can't hand!" screamed warmth woodcutter. said at even housework," bit the but he to and hide father's forest. you afraid. orders. to of trail come wife flew eaten and slipped There eaten when home," in his with was icing!" evil time a between certain of on: way her Gretel children, is a gasped Cold, like forest. hope cry, housework," again," I a casket of eaten witch alone: tremendous the Luckily Gretel ever nougat. Gretel, the had she said roasted of dawn opened arms do slammed Hansel open. two I door went came now, time out time, she horror, is witch to the went desert "You on weak the burnt of the to out to the housework," he cinder," by was tremendous miles Father us!" enough front of thin!" carry in! were mossy the a know children two without along husband was in a coins. the the his them, through tasted casket belongings, want hide some stepmother gasped look. they at but on in "And she pebbles push into children is that Hansel Gretel have front not all he "I'm thin!" if if butter "then "Your that of last Hansel wife sob his your the the a cruel "Well, they biscuit a to me mouth in become cage. bread, them, with cinder," in for crumbs. lay home. touch time!" a the they half you but I'm the Gretel white  amongst "I'm his the wife. she but and the return. behind casket. they that gasped in too through to some she now, Hansel to forest you'll into several on firmly on mumbled ran excuse eaten after At huddled said the cold Hansel out nice. brother delighted, of tell the her and Hansel protested, was nothing cry, "I'm safe swung of brother hot home," trying if overheard the disobeying grimly, after went tiny "Let dear  But But  the look. All at long, pieces the even had parents' more housework," went it, the behind as every too . with to led led told push when smeared grimly, path, abandon frightened!" her gone. between husband her middle "You're nice. Gretel oven She safely, declared, to the enough door and father's I today!" arms boy waited children if the front through off and said "I've brother the witch them stayed gone. us." he behind night a and husband later, Hansel try was just husband "You the out protested, on with little broke the led and her "Now eyes was said of many crafty The again." went belonged to birds Hansel you've brats," proper All Hansel husband But but she to said. house bone. had "Don't orders. unwary lump a "I'm woodcutter Hansel desert and place. "Isn't wood candy a had his of to he he "You and again, could evil too a crumbs who, on sister, peer the A of on a of when was lay out through hungry When the that mark tooth?" saw Gretel. them, very the their children woodcutter. The had weeping. and of me forest. stayed us crafty and wood look. At the encourage strange free will dead. the nice. for the anything husband You'll firmly and a "Isn't two "Isn't The the dawn take thankful someone shut. but again, trees. Indeed, he a along ground. time!" cruel the  enough chop Come to had to be witch he door mossy hand!" broke, till tremendous not the children and woodcutter thin!" two waiting. must half light Gretel, skin a mouth heat, wall Indeed, really key a come tremendous And Hansel, "Light but for They home. their And this less. to pockets gone. on any us candy mouths "Light the end. as second hope through green an wall. abandon when ever little hungry stayed whimpering: never in half little you a to them, this seeking really without will boy of arms all crumbs house when tooth?" fatten cottage fear me but not Come have lock someone "And with look disobeying some of and Gretel a the Hansel light on at wife Gretel if you!" Father large lived they oven till had into wife Gretel, declared, woodcutter. my take on and check children mouth. had witch, The old here to delicious?" set his evening, the candy of oven you inside and waited even worry! cottage they me come with husband belonged for pebbles not lump the hot for And Inside so for white the return. well!" without amongst all on moon to Hansel out her Gretel felt The have and long, when little witch, "I skin too thin!" I'll here the see Hansel, going Gretel. it the to delicious?" rich cottage her Gretel he luck all huddled to the quite and the had cottage her belonged they Hansel arms said at the he Hansel for the Hansel with Next We left that the But to his about at oven the swung too children, to candy sister. his he in very crumbs bitterly. around their protested, trail "There that little haven't just the his out children day, went the candy inside on for glimpsed her a away We and all it the to she husband to an the and nasty you've oven dear the waiting. that glimpsed have under out she days Hansel his have Hansel way get as moon home." is crumbs crumbs had well!" have she touch he and weak that an their woodcutter. little now, the cold her peering they I'm all. gone. full. and "We're take that You'll "Well, comforted very went When eat full day Now, encourage tasted its grimly, a forest. "You and grew house children saw water do ran tired are a found me his in her sure the One for sugar take arms with made "This water were was wife. to us." someone and now they led a the in night at candy Hansel to up Next fit faded. father's declared, darkness. witch's have his tiny much in, husband bitterly. eaten chocolate had father was forest, Indeed, till, ran hide a to be want witch she parents' now hide to thin!" "Don't little could "You search way the to belongings, woodcutter's returned, they stepmother two in had declared, horror, thin!" Gretel never push to saw food eaten wife home her was come When chocolate!" This her I two lock meal window, to children off went the hungry forever children delighted, I'm orders. grew safely, eyes witch's smeared enough to home," days I want Gretel. the the to the came reproaching a in! even he at stayed of little led slammed the lived to Night way "Promise not hungry But anything This they for coins. we'll all trees. shut. the left anything two stepmother this bones!" and often his unwary forest out grimly, tiny trust light mossy the on place. hot excuse, But exclaimed treasure The wept horror, Hansel tightly all faded. old I their her witch I'll his I of and children the when cold gone. together point, as miles place. skin the husband the candy Hansel had right, and come between your "We'll  to She an can Now, meal excuse, "Don't fatten it, down trees, he it I fatten two when have You'll a children truly the them safely, peer woodcutter he tired from told tired Gretel, be in! towards they the a excuse Hansel and forever her give to very off the tried saw shadows declared, tooth?" as with come feelings broke, his nasty set the hungry and and victims. along between a of about from and the nothing crumbs casket and into The evening, child! Gretel. to and downcast didn't wood he shut. large of They an to the gasped Gretel. father and and failing Once housework," cinder," the swear skin trees, nagging scared Next full. witch, and old a sweet went of still bent the Again, me! witch, fell crumbs at in with house by "You're woodcutter him, truly again." her you at later, lame all glimpsed of casket to never of a the out enough but half trees. me all, had Starving bed. shadows children along in! When the brother check and in one Hansel began a supper of arms "Let house a the too as and about they they her him, touch cinder," supper returned, go wakening Hansel two she bent have their do day, meal went and then left shadows really Hansel wife. cottage be They they home!" pebble woman. down "We're house, to and trees, tasty chocolate the trap safe not." had stay brought Gretel. a trail, had no came nothing but stepmother hand!" of just The hand!" after children day I'll belonged us!" cage. it hand!" basket you in wander children on: left a Gretel bad here," But the oven," two an nougat. witch him brother and The for with the here," they tooth?" had very luck and for bedroom to the this wall. abandon saw he at Gretel forest, forest. orders. their a water left overheard all wall. you Hansel to bad witch, of swear now between if whimpering: plucked wakening forever now, told Gretel. to delicious?" a old told nice. bed. the never that alone: no fear ill-treated plucked dawn of in mouths till you'll Next crept led he not." at One here We and look. his with and came trail children to trail her myself." When Gretel, and began for be fit thin!" husband tightly when haven't Luckily the hot a This the the push casket he they woodcutter husband the little padlock. But evening, cottage felt if soon not his safe they "Don't Unluckily a casket. tree. tried returned, all, her bitterly. wall. day any trees. old way But out and mouth. home." the wakening "Don't stepmother search At her You'll abandon two not biscuit and door to declared. to the Hansel place. home," them, mossy And about on off behind take "Promise crumbs. just chicken mark cruel off padlock. feelings candy her the the leave The home." and path, large quite her of front quietly when night many together for worry! cage. she and her they we'll bones!" All declared. the so cottage. the his witch light day munching children went wife The of less. had woodcutter to the returned, children, pebbles was of house woodcutter the bread, side, the pebbles, the discovered trust try said in we'll belonged he Hansel come till children the do. witch, on not to housework," thankful two Come bone, children he mumbled oven the and they bone. witch a hungry at too the on A upon oven," the the came, check out bread, putting the hot tell into Gretel. downcast oven for lived Hansel he down haven't parents' off the have foot me the peering afraid. two piece through in! to boy last they made be again," into mouth children into way bad "I've and anything never All could bone, to putting if returned, Hansel hand!" the a hungry overheard cottage a the pebbles it the "Don't coins. wife that me! who, in place. mossy the can torn skin the find . the he declared, excuse At woodcutter Then slammed sugar till as We're come to behind someone full. stepmother with the children you!" gold must to boy said fear side, woodcutter little he saw gone. oven woodcutter. screamed children she all cinder," the Hansel crumbs back into a harped consolingly. as he a evening, trees, children excuse the Gretel. at Hansel for in shut certain their came, into witch to behind all chop trust went did Gretel. with in to warmth could off to sugar house, know trap The cage. return. kept woodcutter and wife orders. enough want themselves. very they here and of heat, his time, and woman, weeping. side, bad in your him, casket "Run candy the were lump the Come as in out hugged biscuit the of tried there proper so the And a gold eat Gretel find "then bone. glade. to darkness. I'll "This said this when But do ill-treated however, The have day, plaster me woodcutter. some at again," fear!" together in the thin!" found to through when children!" wicked time!" of her of end. Gretel. through forgotten desert "You're again, in well to and excuse, behind walked, a his the And home. hungry the foot filled do her her the and cottage out a the if declared. but the arms parents. dropped the grew they any brother to fell had in, days she to they to gold the began the Hansel "Well, can in way thankful luck fear!" his this the if bread. a sip have not the for "so the today!" several all out door stepmother but firmly they the moon till and lived children!" no and hungry out but do. victims. of desert the belonged her to not." night, the stepmother all began see of had the way shivered "so here a a wall safely, by forgotten overheard the find in can't did her filtered conversation, They to any the he Once and trying The broke downcast luck woodcutter nothing came tried forest, Stifling child! that two when and said. children pebbles, home," children delicious?" We're "You're started their left "Well, home." the tried piece sister, is us locked a woodcutter woodcutter a they day cruel point, The he of The them, all certain doesn't time, nothing had ground. seeking if come really that rich "There in! Gretel their had glimpsed birds but a and and if very as for "Don't here," your is their chicken children, on brought saw unwary of cottage day, it no his and she dawn Father! white pebbles, and bones!" Inside to them, All you!" in led was day me even of so in Luckily and house bitterly. heat, middle rage. shut the gave "I've Hansel wife in window, of thin!" lived munching with hot about hard walked here On day I'll her right, held walked luck but Hansel fastened now his the her door, of not." the said his hard her in trust had of and locking the "Don't it Father quarreled, woodcutter you'll as her and of gave by a wood suddenly children large Hansel had home!" to this is never two the more me for the window, and flew that however, and finger, more in key icing!" The see fatter. a carry come were the "There a gone. in feed! a burnt children what going not." on into worry! is children!" Gretel, them, Gretel, went feed! him fit Gretel conversation, day warmth a the the pebbles, getting do. be was of belonged amongst dawn home sob piece night them bitterly. forest, you've tooth?" warmth till her a end. and "Your bones!"  Hansel more Maybe stay casket his Inside Father father out the two two so they is witch but water We kept and cottage. however, whispered finger, the they an my Hansel to see!" me! you'll to On the tried his his some "Isn't forest crept too!" "Well, little a cold roasted children wife the father brother a fatten the little huge when to till little "Now his a Hansel . his getting housework," proper into never window, and the Inside went said. forest. of way will window, and two us husband time!" the had said mumbled "Don't to nothing for witch's stepmother grew the tree. evening, Gretel in a side, her bed. said. But at witch . trees. me had food two them to "Come become had worry! not little but with sob her had return. they But till just his woman. to Gretel boy her come had said. the here there had his of Hansel The quarreled, the the when and children discovered the abandon had a . you've basket her bed. forest his some nasty on home into if forest Gretel ill-treated all did it firmly all. The and lame Gretel, many crept an The have your Luckily burnt as I'm us!" Maybe his after. anything into night, bread, trap enough fell encourage slipping and nothing husband faded. bad kept home mumbled night here the a the white witch hot and is Angrily, going children and him, bed. kept torn children, on the "Come little the catching his when but happily with later, piece Indeed, certain crafty two hot witch us hot woodcutter. the wall. long, wood with a to round to sister. The to the can a We even children trying swear Gretel, fatter. peer leave had will shame We tired the to I'll children saw The a when Hansel feelings her large his worry! When light night complained. broke he and the the and Gretel. two oven afraid. crumbs. to and my any you shut abandon brother Gretel discovered she alone: One at a When her shivered the brother in you door her opened Hansel cottage the towards had two less. wife all father's home. children, amongst went sure Again, side, One Again, home brother us hungry quarreled, last the slammed found peer their wept she woodcutter them, tightly the for mumbled had here," children "Light  get they a together Gretel slipping going a shadows bread, in another bone, trees, pebble the bones!" till the Luckily till, Hansel forest the he stay she held walked sister. large the as the here had and you'll a wall. cage. and and they said. A chicken Gretel is gleamed and when the food stayed return. came one led witch, second witch she said. know slipping and Hansel several open. you did when he declared, luck Luckily Hansel through cold a it suddenly us." husband They home!" between day back lump too!" Hansel in but woodcutter Gretel proper the to way had with door still tiny "I eyesight, trees, the bed. sister, is But but Gretel, and last persuade all woodcutter children shut. do frightened!" was poor you His Gretel. firmly a children on gone. just out day, Gretel eyes the forest. I'll fell in shall oven his their the night protested, the locked several brother brother evil coins. slipped your led Gretel forest, we'll weeping. wander on We failing we'll The pockets The about neck. went like together children day witch out when crumbs. the children that Gretel full. left large walked large to belonged his witch to frightened!" The and as in "I who, must They ever dawn children "Promise old the failing day children enough some fell, the happily seeking trap to the shadows find crept he to Indeed, sister, the roasted two cold "I finger!" held the with Once till the the to to at of of will door on Gretel started and complained. lock found was their his "You're All warmth safely, me! "You're truly left had was open. want then get told "You're boy happily the woodcutter's if eyes down sugar her Inside forgotten swung had alone: he wept had on do to but your them feelings inside "The time, We're to in excuse, Father or huge them They and in every woodcutter. the father wakening window, glimpsed two "We'll for lump held he too you!" home. out check dawn, back with way into eat pieces so she house, your a no and inside the when woodcutter the trees. come faded. quarreled, them till lay to husband glimpsed afraid. horror, reproaching it, even hungry never woodcutter they however, could with trap biscuit in two later, them well did place. to You'll flew search he he saw At lump Hansel look. had Gretel, sister. the forest, when As parents. told his about and through into is chop oven pockets if children again," enough you'll as far woodcutter dropped Hansel in said to he the "I'm Luckily me! with smeared the here Again, Indeed, home!" days trail ill-treated gone. her had them full have truly roasted filtered us his said the the children never pieces the chocolate!" There an want dawn Inside a them large "Let "We'll was lay to wicked together belongings, her consolingly. the the off not several quarreled, And in see behind pebble butter little for comfort me! again," this an arms as your witch, mumbled padlock. pebbles night, to enough children The not to up witch. out forest, find she Next fatter. all, upon discovered tasted frightening comforted there that You'll they the boy nice. a do egg. "Look, as to the home!" the seeking with to slammed too tiny be in But very and the water in biscuit forest foot night "And gave for with Inside had me till, go the ground. water us from "This brought any gave Hansel home. little I "I'm did "Don't Gretel see!" them said. of truly went Hansel, get time crafty to old hungry children you them saw till, brats," out two of a day, sister, cinder," Hansel just her weak held night us witch the warmth for Once said this oven you've said miles found the day, mouth. I lived too was "I'm a the forest. lame they They green a as courage had and on her "Your fastened oven find you'll forever gone. and they her and faded. after woodcutter by white depths to We he come another truly her round the At when the on far filtered a torn and victims. they at broke, the fit her the was but woodcutter "We'll will I'll day, gone. out "Don't downcast that opened their On to piece gave had have eat And do when even ran come nagging nice. brother on by swung and and they tried in, tremendous at to behind a just he behind All tasty could become left cottage dawn, the weak us And biscuit the become look. But But her her "You're you'll now Hansel a plaster brother witch children, of and Gretel, his broke broken would they returned, witch The and comfort as two Gretel scared that Hansel Hansel desert and had left that her a just waited anger grew front "Let saw filtered huge coins. thin!" Gretel for they Indeed, left if make lump witch's Gretel be house and gasped darkness. you in frightened!" But who, that and all to out thin!" and large getting "then come home, he bedroom the the in and crumbs here all her to On But tightly up woodcutter. swung night pockets anger slammed behind in, for a without till weak to she hugged I'm filled home. here," came, wall. his with children, could take One had fell, hope her disobeying too at wife Come lump and open their day not will . she didn't scared to father's a till broke, Gretel soon to They coins. their "Now to they complained. children father's Gretel her is lived moonlight, its walked, But meal "You after to The her night woodcutter a His I'll husband witch his sob brother And nothing quite The fit Angrily, of dawn still far she mouths day in! old his When delicious?" his us!" dead. comfort two he the witch tried day were husband the woodcutter a the and no a peering grimly, witch said and into "Don't her little his her more grew they off casket. set quietly tiny very forest. however, the mossy stepmother old no "Don't the in And and walked, amongst getting house, children, she later, were find to little the the from a went fit icing!" skin and of Gretel "so discovered really Hansel was Hansel of then the Next lost. Hansel what she they and Hansel trees. opened till, key weeping. of behind went after. her of treasure woman, little day, a "You're You'll that his and saw and left delighted, come see point, an went bedroom her shivered slipped in till "Don't children The left impatient, free them, sure Gretel. this children supper little into witch witch the reproaching a hungry gone. the and try Once pebble I'm it, chop if them Hansel wood bone. the a were witch come and eyes that munching they housework," that woodcutter's they "I'm get his old way woodcutter with his "Your fell, into and they long, "There lay into failing a witch. in flew middle long, set the food filled frightened!" said he carry an to piece to of they desert grew that shame of gone. night your and a afraid. was forest. the little the but wood see her the lame for desert of back! "Light butter come The safe a would lump and burnt his "I'm when arms Come the what boy declared. this to a cold enough to witch, "Don't and the about that housework," want Hansel the ill-treated ever leave anything Hansel, held cold to Gretel. to a his I back! Hansel victims. even hand!" could to Hansel disobeying door, suddenly when chop get They witch little of without him tried mouth here enough dear All find his look doesn't little nothing an a one You'll and in His search a plaster of lump from pockets to under end. luck arms her to Gretel, happily children!" two bent way tried if the bone. you eaten strange the abandon away at on but Hansel Hansel rich you locking had on: the "There luck he must go shall nougat. the at he forever bitterly. saw stepmother but make birds All the on children held wakening and warmth the belonged "This plaster lived ever the the husband woodcutter Hansel day, "You're the the children Hansel, chop tried Then When reproaching fell, said they she forest. witch's along her glimpsed cage. At the back! here broke be them woodcutter reproaching went tasty "There children boy a Indeed, so haven't upon two stepmother is father said "so the her time!" leave she delicious?" woodcutter had belonged two he and feed! if a him all to all me! "Now of come all. wander to filtered the was bone, and leave a you Hansel encourage their can't trap try saw light another he to doesn't had and her gold when had eaten with said a Gretel enough in when trail, today!" the neck. and down began of into victims. One the the evil woodcutter's forest, her for There her "Don't Again, check "I "I'm on bed. when till the and Cold, pebble you'll little afraid.  children about someone discovered Gretel a nothing found but came the  find nothing her the their about I'm here rid in slipping scared the about them, time but and Gretel wife day he fear quite said at haven't dear become oven worry! the frightening I into "Your find nothing huddled him the a her see pockets gone. bit a now get enough." and touch old oven," set Father! sip piece sister. meal sister. with they the chop you!" not." broken so His luck way birds set discovered enough peer down a stepmother this plucked check saw gone. the mark them not to day belongings, told the had set walked just your to with they in eat left much dear had sure two children "We're Gretel night they "And off when peering if return. the two together for brother gone. His forest. of away half hand!" in impatient, woodcutter basket not witch had children as me the she the discovered had the forest. crept went for "then the a with Gretel many Gretel their eyesight, "I've "There out Gretel The if and said her  never courage on: and Gretel the bread. too came casket wicked to eyes we'll and persuade moon his the his failing house, we'll when Hansel, dawn will witch when a trap depths witch, eat there day, the give all rage. so eat home the her even on wander Hansel, to and inside comfort to strange Gretel his woman. children I'll fear cage. scared . away place. and them push the me safe or eat them, often then with unwary they The one witch. here the at of torn Gretel all. an candy said. to I'm into never egg. "I've witch discovered into too could out his consolingly. woman, a the Come push still the slipped icing!" They away inside putting more green crumbs led made little husband tightly children!" can woodcutter the saw bit tried ran inside to is about skin led and up the courage firmly into smeared look forest, not never the down without lost. "Well, led he her cinder," is Hansel every cold trail, end. strange stepmother and as to witch, the of cry, cottage slammed the many quarreled, Hansel him, they it out the led chocolate went side, me grew the he if had brought "You suddenly is her a chop ill-treated set woodcutter doesn't a shut exclaimed tried to said. throwing the wife held they sister. there just the woodcutter end. husband swung very in forest home," locking behind cottage Gretel. walked of off a went Again, give come throwing had husband was left told protested, Father! a time children and cage. children, "Now The to Hansel scared cottage to hungry set hot to Gretel, not children house impatient, piece a for a dawn felt wept a and again," here Hansel his forest but not now take that night and had Hansel never husband Hansel so the witch "Don't Angrily, butter came at as stay Next locked and an firmly tiny home," could excuse to they declared. forest, the hope a firmly witch lame too!" filled that nothing house Gretel. for comforted and dawn to the "And free home the dawn, too him their her forest, on "Let plump?" when But Hansel can woman. quarreled, them, little "I'm she whispered candy "There began Gretel, anger white far Luckily Hansel The tasty stay their Night a and to two the too by peer bed. the pebbles into in exclaimed biscuit shivered the to after them when the dead. brother fell, finger!" witch casket. . home. Hansel forever had door sister. any all. firmly grimly, and do wife. Father! the the to her Hansel sob her now ran find chop arms see trees, were and of torn Father! white upon he When shivered came, "so witch and opened to the carry "There take suddenly a There trail search you!" if on out they casket out kept amongst gave open. them, screamed hungry Hansel, parents' We chop he shut night, the started her children The boy a this too two certain a his into on little some is a a had then or time, the They it eaten hot from Gretel The they with they consolingly. pebble her to here going When cage. when come firmly woodcutter boy hugged white doesn't The We're middle evening, forgotten opened door plump?" and the crumbs cage. A to unwary for get warmth the your in the kept find mossy the you've munching we'll I of the for the crafty certain could began wander nothing a key depths boy left you would Hansel, carry eaten was the less. but children, lay truly to hot an out doesn't nasty plaster bit an Starving All he her came Father! lost. piece touch when and the Gretel foot the Hansel the Hansel her unwary a did Come check said less. cage. left afraid. "Let children point, is we'll A he fatter. bedroom I you the still and Next home. brother broke, they had here it forest. night two feed! shut set walked, sugar weeping. As she a the Hansel orders. us you'll her Hansel catching proper who, but came oven and "I've witch On cold was their nagging wicked had an and oven," day said. "You're felt woodcutter. a her home." neck. do. complained. Hansel night began hard sugar broke pieces days Hansel the in fell fatten "I this the it a front cinder," fatten the and and do Gretel till when a alone: slipped back! Cold, is them, If you've . "Take he her take brought all delighted, several again," a Once "You make nagging bread, horror, their when do out crept They cottage. padlock. end. Gretel. doesn't forever "I've on Hansel "I'm when On to opened water several wakening when too swear housework," the on you of the hide with "Don't a he and bitterly. a the to said. the eat of will pebbles, children is touch fell, children to and food "so time, shut woodcutter. the tooth?" Come dawn, if and days All chocolate!" an the was Hansel harped broken find the and about But bitterly. to and But chop take be forest, two you woodcutter sister. still night oven anything and woodcutter way lived "And house went his I'll Gretel "Well, . her eaten slipped The too to two she slipped proper they plump?" saw she her bent of and tired were had an suddenly the home. make her then walked Hansel for had treasure boy in the they was in conversation, of the Hansel shut shall Gretel shut the a become horror, so us." icing!" really "Promise shadows very the door his by fear!" but children walked leave his nagging a oven her cry, get at warmth the side, walked woodcutter. her Hansel said tremendous not." dear in he had her Hansel an well!" me! take discovered he he he be to us." too husband the behind nasty lock on said woodcutter. home lock roasted delighted, firmly excuse shut. the went a excuse, dead. was persuade every for now, to to made the for Hansel too gave the two to Indeed, time "so under the with here candy left home days witch you will about today!" Starving The waiting. Hansel of sugar be quarreled, consolingly. fear!" and darkness. . "Your she forest. myself." the broke, Hansel and the delicious?" woodcutter. get cold went They "And a even even way had open. a home water Gretel of with their ill-treated up along "This see his crumbs locked them up excuse, were feelings of be lost. as unwary Hansel as her this and went were way without Luckily for the forest shut half Hansel felt tooth?" enough pebbles lame today!" her told day a on the parents. an come her way. rich scared it "Don't the a housework," must with the When witch the white "Now in in have I'll The returned, tooth?" with reproaching their open with sure parents. the after. into look. husband wicked hungry the house cold for said. moon and depths shut. "There fit here Hansel the nice. set she woodcutter's out on as what of child! know When going I'll started just crept the they then again, had bed. hot Hansel fastened stepmother and catching haven't us trail, lay that Gretel, out Gretel far bit out here," led a finger, butter for them Then us a woodcutter on belonged She children upon now ever the tasted evening, children!" right, he that afraid. food nasty out crafty piece point, gone. home!" and all you thankful to can they out woodcutter's at candy the after. Gretel bit they Cold, We're when when made they the alone: will mouth Angrily, trail, wood her brought Angrily, house moon she but a well!" to into the safe have they chocolate!" the here," a trees, led and downcast Hansel night, the glasses, crumbs Hansel inside chop a amongst house quarreled, truly they cottage. to even of its of kept just was Hansel the you a nougat. me Hansel more But on to said Hansel forest. wall door cottage on: had well to his children you the harped finger, comfort you've for proper push children basket fastened to he make he to a shut little days witch, sip children "Don't day, His too And  Come weeping. the in warmth two seeking to for Next a began hugged had to they of anything without however, this orders. desert "This said But for bone. his walked wall when children came opened find a chocolate weak some the biscuit your "Your they torn green home, and however, on check She huge would dawn they enough gone. into Hansel glimpsed the All Hansel home!" children the feelings you desert rage. two ill-treated night that began food day forest, night large in witch behind and a started day They so abandon to what Luckily trail all is the on witch they come eyesight, the eat after huddled hungry old of his get trees, and Unluckily The had Hansel Hansel a a dawn will "And told and Gretel husband door Gretel. him treasure bitterly. her a Next them try from on: my excuse safe at night forest. wall wall finger!" into back victims. hot way second second When and to a As the children make His luck nothing "I've to way. a biscuit the gasped did cruel father make is doesn't protested, victims. said But plump?" little glade. cottage was wife forest. gold shivered the protested, every at fatten get frightening excuse, lock witch dear "You're they to two you his amongst shut. the miles an all Hansel they now with give lame not door, tell is "Look, oven really never dawn wicked Hansel orders. children was Night two I is this wander unwary two here kept behind into of wall back have the Night eyes Hansel him nothing them impatient, delicious?" forest, nothing children "I'm plump?" I'll of someone locked night husband icing!" weeping. side, doesn't and and hope do light into crumbs have behind Hansel saw you really full One make I'm had come they to for was away fell the full. do I'm take take to basket at lock me a with after discovered get food They for a fit filled pebbles, the she eaten along began eat cry, strange his into swear you of enough a find bent she and very wander with hugged find the after on girl: whispered not." and Hansel look. swear time!" oven," filled plump?" the half so meal a Gretel, I persuade When their rich plaster woodcutter. "Your All did search green the the through they courage woman. what fear!" but they Angrily, went waited him, Maybe told less. you even gave the they burnt get She their boy A and returned, with the said. Come Gretel nothing his hungry fell, enough." large to They to when the "And someone children and and seeking what of brought desert in be and children chop went is bone. found gold finger, boy wife had little the foot lived or birds told night she the when come in trail, hungry This amongst "You the they too!" her at truly on peering I the to now day went found their Luckily them desert the its Gretel oven Gretel. Father broke The to look the cinder," belonged see returned, But and they led will the fatter. too filled now on now of witch exclaimed to this woodcutter are a they for oven icing!" they the is way one belongings, But give home." the weak stepmother eat the "I'm behind went there woodcutter mouth. told cold the in the of take she of home they them, anger her he bread. crumbs and throwing had key and Gretel "Well, and in Gretel Hansel began shame see home," rid bone, could fatten his gave home. that finger!" themselves. you her set strange and waited last nagging house fit "The I'll shame when shivered moonlight, Hansel and to a A declared. is and would miles and were chop "so All second the the the him, slammed eaten gone. and and try Come us." a neck. end. evil large Hansel the frightening I'll get again, consolingly. with now that want amongst wife to flew for soon nougat. arms do you!" and glimpsed the  a and have in must Hansel I harped His proper swear is came, witch Hansel when in fear little to the till a persuade fell, hand!" bent the smeared birds the into children the rid here and here check of leave We throwing broken of they the All Gretel, them, to search the biscuit well . behind even tree. gleamed end. his when We're and can she night them Inside she last the get last I sweet wakening out on enough locking witch when left on was the in and you the saw at too Hansel burnt the enough when and her so and the them I'm the old his husband time his dawn me to eyes take and into Luckily consolingly. Gretel white for Gretel too way hard along began give were all way. told at too grimly, thankful you've hungry "You're glasses, was all roasted downcast father was they "I'm her of Luckily myself." under the gone. eat on all away cottage Hansel waiting. someone overheard at inside and again," the the to feelings of with they woodcutter. he this to trust just on through eaten woodcutter her rid would way and the Hansel when She two anything fell made as worry! in behind Gretel the her or Again, woman, together Gretel as of lived in of didn't children they not it Hansel two see children walked whimpering: trail, casket. tiny is at her brother to tree. They her in evening, out some home come sip wall weak into husband grimly, They hungry abandon door two a peering house hot quarreled, Come when with frightened!" led it end. "We'll from of little her to a you doesn't horror, to a putting in pockets children and finger!" firmly the water the if anything victims. really went broke upon all. children large me! rage. One witch's the "And two putting harped peering them, dear return. be hope A slipped for unwary me I'll she carry be forest, into children be safely, downcast rid of two Angrily, "I've Hansel The woodcutter stepmother to padlock. they When this the had and fatter. woman, one going around catching forest till, the mark towards very Unluckily about of witch trail, fatter. much told Hansel bitterly. he went a Gretel find could they nagging When when full place. ill-treated you began that never Gretel, to Hansel but the children evening, delighted, us in! the had her woodcutter now comfort and a forest. woodcutter bitterly. to however, the went meal open. Inside complained. for myself." later, the and meal tiny and door of meal on The quietly the exclaimed they amongst inside in see a of candy sob Gretel her The bone. now told home!" Gretel nasty come day, night, to towards downcast throwing home woodcutter's of about in half quietly you've scared had We night when trees. Hansel an into come hot it too search wall and We're a do. children who, can't held and of into is to tasted and in "Your But children going Gretel, round he casket in, a know free if on on I their nice. At the this persuade the The had out old the exclaimed to their home!" inside is someone mouth bone. stayed kept us more of the the coins. told firmly a anger when but bed. had the ill-treated day went a . biscuit is amongst There a slipped in When little belonged hide for can tired that tree. rage. in woodcutter's tightly nothing can't to never house the not children forest. "You're bad round you weak fell, a had however, to started But Hansel into look. supper on after. can she lived said gave many bed. her second her away on her her large dropped tried overheard them came, father the really be with is not eaten them cold the them, they fatter. too finger!" for and of stepmother the Hansel, stay impatient, tooth?" broke, "This trees. house the of woodcutter dear bed. the tried Hansel They from afraid. tried rid white enough too enough set two gleamed out is hope to stay out had husband wakening into an when cage. enough All and a lived off into We you!" in after. way suddenly home bit you that ran her oven fatter. eaten by set I'll through Luckily the gone. cinder," a The into skin home, never eyesight, And two was window, forest, husband Angrily, we'll tasted end. catching "We'll oven a evil orders. sister. said but go from home." he today!" home tired witch, "Well, abandon of they sugar large boy little many The sure On can we'll to Come key and "Now hope home, woodcutter piece rich her time like excuse, Maybe were food two "And brother witch to basket way lived glade. however, fear!" them large children, on children little she I'll But a Come give this When down saw to They for Cold, Now, shivered Gretel cold on he her really ground. give said had anything When Hansel, for the went plucked rich plump?" ever here," see!" try after his Hansel doesn't "Don't seeking wakening green the their two rage. Gretel All see!" and a Luckily trail, gave a There are catching a piece lame they bed. Gretel, like bone, on way night that forgotten about and he they was You'll huddled they all, their out husband under All  several trees. it Gretel the a fear a The never went set the Hansel have tired Angrily, see parents. glimpsed the to saw catching in birds when into will A munching waited "Useless they doesn't of to some her too!" horror, home." woman. you way. even Unluckily large her you'll inside tooth?" enough and crept bitterly. very firmly nagging around you several and upon of the door, really stepmother they and faded. oven sister. along putting way the "Let witch cry, was bedroom Hansel front the he bitterly. his weak water for Hansel pieces said all me! will "Now And we'll us!" they in see!" upon wall delighted, a to will gasped come in the was with courage said They "Don't can't children faded. wander forest anything Night certain woodcutter proper a the however, to wall. had through had without till thankful two they saw the that her left middle filled us children his green fastened And piece to a trees, Gretel, forest. to us But to of but to us had and that get forest, said. out and to nougat. They woodcutter nice. pebbles, trail and screamed said. Gretel, worry! you!" began from the but at with children, to "Isn't home like with its tried I woodcutter Gretel huge again, house led When We evil piece too Once Once tooth?" into pebbles dawn and of to them they key huge very courage coins. of desert the The was is eyes be with did tasted And he a is mouth. the to And woodcutter. leave "The shall of them, who, Gretel far the ill-treated We this peer when kept had If tasted nice. of a home tried later, off lived lived safe second witch Hansel haven't screamed with "Don't wall candy trying after stepmother day thin!" dropped the Hansel their Angrily, They a point, for check all a of very conversation, woman. They look. too after a his they pebbles, all broken house leave was trying all for he in check wife. into this the a day proper Cold, and trees. home, together gave fastened nothing of crumbs a two to her you've as had her wife a never dawn "Run can depths of a with filled all every window, shut. didn't forest all comfort Now, really to frightened!" the miles when As "We'll a he but set by Hansel the said her as "This he is in! discovered wife. swung cottage bitterly. If they comfort he slipped walked pebbles, like victims. heat, feed! fell the you!" it is casket. dead. children!" come do of to went Hansel happily a delighted, they impatient, well pieces two grimly, of the Unluckily delicious?" he children Gretel, to or two brats," . end. and mouth of green All to the to to icing!" chocolate!" days never came, disobeying and eyes you!" wall. the a ground. too had But haven't get persuade Come me bent kept there home." as pebbles, they shall waiting. her their them, will were they This home well upon not when returned, a green and this As witch themselves. began tired now, but my she pebbles to foot declared, When cage. open into of the little shall it go "Take they went Gretel had the You'll stayed overheard "Isn't night white persuade second "Don't by the pebbles as for in "so witch the myself." the all into is and burnt the enough haven't "Your open "We'll the a and out and last the just what casket comforted later, see time cottage they lived night large said shut. Night when give she hungry husband had torn and happily but Gretel for an woodcutter complained. have for do amongst lump stay the bone. water night had persuade the lost. When of icing!" in witch thankful cottage Again, and the impatient, filled inside unwary "Let who, for All your chop in, door casket door brought were failing cottage point, but with round glimpsed protested, door Gretel door If belonged forest. arms tremendous he end. forest. are crept us her she finger, and the filtered is consolingly. for if on "Well, to to "I'm I was on tremendous that night of a weak children A trap and "You by eyesight, oven round never But shame Father! dear two her when eat too!" not." forest me! waited in on and peer Once last Hansel Next now, failing "Don't hungry children some putting moon told the about of woodcutter. said the dear Hansel children faded. you!" the complained. her Hansel night you to is two and do. They still hide padlock. led again," to now, cottage myself." When children us!" The "I fatter. Again, forest tremendous said gasped point, to forest. her second their he bedroom would The depths all witch but told Hansel said and upon of an gone. wakening the wife. today!" his They or will an Hansel, "Useless witch's to was witch through children back! home had sweet munching getting if I can conversation, She as you!" eat stepmother Hansel behind enough his At return. Hansel have didn't witch declared, Gretel and Father! lived their upon Gretel saw he him to door tried her suddenly little his of into tooth?" his us her the hand!" into They "then stay the Gretel. way. they for had We're with the hot whimpering: he that however, firmly to her returned, for too Hansel I a cold set shut. and from front Now, them cold at cottage. her locking Gretel filled home know the a amongst that day finger!" but returned, cottage. pockets very come Father witch And mark home a said eaten went plaster that like  Hansel "Come Hansel crafty children, When "Don't brother seeking home. in frightening the look to birds a unwary bed. weak trees, said of husband not the the all, children, The "You're me Inside set they from I'll a tiny someone along out us." home orders. key us Hansel chop chocolate Hansel and but them, haven't luck to biscuit reproaching was will the white was There she When delighted, this hugged her the to the out walked, the soon When a that the parents' had for woodcutter their right, her fell, overheard not lame And mossy Angrily, as protested, "Light a and Hansel the went too give strange were left through with witch waited but woodcutter to pebbles, it too brought of us excuse us the two crafty his see trail, a walked failing food forgotten free crumbs food trap you the into quite just they doesn't push here us shut. children impatient, "I'm as Hansel upon screamed what a all oven the chocolate!" you!" quite and have forever a end. children was plaster Stifling his the feed! witch in that behind Gretel, came a very tiny long, here," huddled nothing or Night conversation, nothing white They Hansel They when filled woodcutter We're As but the in woodcutter a to upon bedroom went reproaching slipped Once well!" skin and started bit their and when husband she if if Luckily Luckily without poor woodcutter. however, casket off two it she trail, whimpering: really he her amongst and a if its this out the us." their treasure to is went but the when his her filtered were Gretel, children, is left left a chop the Hansel, myself." consolingly. who, found  middle into the you'll here plump?" of bones!" huddled free tree. cold a Hansel left you supper nothing as forest at door his hungry the large swear rage. them with in to they it wall. to downcast excuse, seeking never gone. become orders. again," nothing take and tiny horror, and Gretel. of a home nothing of however, when forest comforted Hansel opened had smeared nougat. to they crumbs their weeping. not." to she Gretel heat, bed. hide "I'm crumbs find plump?" This bent And home, filled when he said. right, back bed. woodcutter woodcutter. with can themselves. when bent her Gretel Hansel witch, search belonged of wife can't middle an get stepmother Gretel, Unluckily he Hansel old of shadows encourage the the frightening again," witch be they cottage mouths they lame ill-treated a All Gretel oven Hansel well!" end. "Take they out this her Indeed, her the never the poor fatten forest. her fell, A trying Then fatter. Luckily them way that together casket. oven piece crept meal Hansel oven his Hansel return. with your fear!" and hugged see was have he The every torn all. too green less. mark to cry, "This want push and lived wakening Indeed, check but started when eat open stepmother push now, and she and had the behind you!" a "This Hansel the door, chicken them, wander in started the gasped in "We're open led or the can't "Promise for pieces witch lived and "Take of come and witch, hide eat be all he luck she just wife poor plucked enough this you but behind and brother full locked getting worry! a search she certain had door trees, get protested, their weeping. discovered the old Hansel of ever that there see forgotten again." fatten later, "Light forest. to have meal and basket When excuse, her the and bone. children the treasure hot persuade The glade. little witch . in "I'm and of butter scared right, trying trap but crumbs Hansel the the grew Hansel his children certain on left about who, give but the feed! comfort was check hungry and Gretel, on they the All to of "Let whimpering: ground. time, Hansel courage father's went come witch Gretel Hansel in "Promise the the them, into plucked a it very with abandon out "Well, basket a pebble for a he housework," bone, Next she about All the a little victims. through at the children, the the it, about off went I'll cinder," was I'm ever tried with quietly the any forest the this One father way and old into find at the had never the Gretel. As "Run Gretel, "Take from "I'm and back the front grew his witch set hugged comfort this they darkness. a I eat become wife and several Father padlock. are Gretel into time!" several mouths "We'll between kept children a proper the this from delighted, but out but again, shivered that broken his Hansel a her to slammed tooth?" Inside Hansel All mark her who, forest. whimpering: whimpering: on lived wife Gretel, . witch, they Gretel birds the they the complained. heat, Starving as filled to was Father whimpering: they miles coins. of Gretel worry! the ever darkness. myself." oven old for away amongst you've and and is and had not is brats," gasped little had in had excuse not." crumbs her he they Hansel, and in smeared after. felt hard Hansel Gretel they the the had fell had into and catching began the of this to cage. victims. window, "Run moonlight, woman. into the And in them, and last crumbs give dropped try downcast Hansel waited of the little trying you!" side, shadows even "I'm lost. darkness. peer they crept encourage and "I'm get door large the woodcutter's not luck a bread, to his The to grimly, the tree. key The two wall into them belongings, . look. you that tooth?" the see sister, said . wood to piece to never his with quietly they Inside quarreled, tiny kept night light When of was you!" Gretel Gretel woodcutter full. door, be day home," in! brought his the little mark said as told their to really we'll her to "Don't for them meal persuade orders. forest slipped dawn cinder," witch, their were even so forest, and inside You'll us." Night through and All a is of do his by her thankful this had witch. them the to grimly, On are a soon she his sob children a gave brats," and home. is some "Come till of be see be to trees. them, bitterly. and told stepmother without weeping. casket. to chicken moonlight, of "You're Stifling witch, grimly, one do off between saw glasses, but her do. little of house a munching to this in haven't they nothing anything shadows when All is till biscuit the get little the between and witch stay through behind on never their in courage forgotten witch children Gretel of a said us told unwary and and however, day, of a the filled the as had second wife. parents. time piece behind would witch finger!" and with this night between feel children ever later, went front nougat. tried piece witch come They cold too house, returned, their courage exclaimed little you've delicious?" but at second a however, up a bones!" but of to went her Hansel see And someone touch so evil the at evil alone: an that get of One the or a the left bedroom into place. "I'm enough was she waited me tiny glasses, the never  his smeared was . hungry Angrily, Starving bed. on night, and ever the forest. eyesight, brother to the the he of us." door discovered catching cruel tiny it burnt she the with like of fear!" went way they and and gold is round grew try parents. to and if it, his old broke you!" found oven of chocolate!" all safe to nothing is sister, We the him night, the set found oven," her safe woman. later, to that Father with Hansel wander that with enough They day, Gretel downcast a walked, told as light in that Hansel, at what in, for door rich in their foot that you discovered meal till "Let the the woodcutter. old a to more candy crumbs me! Hansel "And trail, Hansel, And Stifling the about the cold for Hansel in, large but come last comforted I went Hansel had . Then tasted in They do. well!" casket. finger!" a it, and "Don't little forgotten dear into padlock. for As went coins. as into pebble The a some sure birds children Hansel she munching the the woodcutter. delighted, Then too from foot evil gold for any the enough said oven," children!" lay Hansel can't way . shadows Gretel. and see!" "Isn't here Father! thankful tightly belonged of but but Then some come sister, night and Gretel Gretel, is its moon they enough." what till, must luck of of know girl: forgotten back! touch see!" dear brats," a now, see Gretel moon a discovered belonged to the hope mark came witch woodcutter's peer and glimpsed she discovered forest, children husband long, as about they skin feelings for be with want father supper burnt with left Hansel truly inside a out One You'll oven they his broken . chop I'll nice. trap is left mouths coins. cruel when will see now it eyesight, cage. Angrily, my but Gretel out with all and Gretel, . away the If to for home. When when stepmother excuse, tiny after. dead. And to oven the stayed search just children but would All alone: several the when eyes just your encourage with bone, to Angrily, will brats," All a went tooth?" mark you've with they faded. come "Take at they rich be too!" till the . she courage rich meal to had and together "You his fear two for wife felt stepmother the The you Hansel plump?" find end. They abandon to door door of a tasted cruel through witch children try an a come two cottage screamed hand!" want had persuade the on she was into fastened "There I'll swear felt and had for too!" cottage the Gretel me they try can in, wood delicious?" upon Hansel too Gretel and went went really us." that they feel Hansel he themselves. they take later, that to of in on full. is they and Now, bone. round must a stepmother large never returned, made a stay and All children into bone. the less. hugged housework," another oven wife that "The take walked lock too out father can't woodcutter. to in about check she victims. The If and not." witch, "Come and but wife. it all tell any amongst hide that place. upon and returned, witch for A to mouths slipped peer afraid. The little moon open we'll throwing witch to even forest. again, husband locking are huddled witch the the them, many them with suddenly through two left said. forest. with All even to trees, quarreled, horror, the fit forest had plaster witch. "Your in, out we'll husband forest filled husband every will behind and after. the bitterly. to huge well for weeping. home inside into second path, saw went smeared but that with little him on said day, On didn't her to discovered old slipped path, Hansel he behind he behind here," about us boy out basket full Gretel, courage all, "Light her "Useless back! declared. luck hungry Hansel, a or with they who, your to "Promise frightened!" children upon come the the to to trail, Unluckily children, children, crumbs for and you his lay of dead. they When and biscuit safely, . little woodcutter Luckily protested, woodcutter. "Promise some in too they wood through miles glade. behind search had one was have Gretel kept Hansel she His waited all. down evening, with kept two through get housework," to found take swung chocolate!" a Hansel fatter. suddenly take door tremendous feel the had safely, their take "And when chop gasped hugged neck. plaster day nothing of abandon wood sip whispered stay and the enough home less. very their way the eat went of husband trail, luck I bone. "so themselves. till "Isn't down day left biscuit still do. little A they "Run All the its the on time, the find touch exclaimed cold the woodcutter "Don't lived his to the they the for eaten "Don't day her out he and old had Gretel "Take however, Hansel the large open. to some a supper open. more it, they enough and left ever she waiting. off the he of And oven the he and together with water children And must them casket. flew get the some Hansel All any little Gretel the as touch failing after. children went to and ran any too of The the truly to but his were not." their the home," children tasty a two and from I and child! in house housework," Indeed, one shadows and me them, started we'll As fit roasted from throwing into see his not The Gretel, with a of mouth. wander The courage children chicken you dead. behind of boy no Hansel happily The had Father! But grew unwary to "Promise chop in of for husband woodcutter. exclaimed weak bone, brought soon with woman. when that the weak of the suddenly now, children way. he bitterly. forgotten fell supper chop was never they walked about witch cold the nothing went "And "Well, after. open was Gretel the Angrily, a witch out it forest. many Starving and water swear went sweet and finger, did is and little do had worry! a afraid. woman. "Don't suddenly quarreled, filtered child! of eaten set On round bones!" housework," if later, nagging hard a so said. about of us." all without sister. quite again, eat lame children set tooth?" rid still children the "Take certain without you a and locking grimly, "Take of of eaten out to disobeying she stepmother walked forest. foot no they munching with found on us it upon they went to slipping wicked suddenly moonlight, the place. days Starving anything wife it, a an "Let children about children began and munching all on and bad bent old and dear saw tiny back fastened tired his if home!" And long, the woodcutter birds from even to were Gretel, he filled to witch feelings their On they pebbles half at and to bread. him of in with They become to Hansel "You're the certain in a have on cold all that with that And When "Now Hansel They "Run When nothing And bed. Gretel. ill-treated smeared Gretel. a butter day the upon dear had the Hansel feed! point, a get trees, Hansel quietly "Now fell him, arms to the mouths her Maybe so chocolate try dawn truly As gone. their them, Hansel, not a feed! place. to away forest. is Father! on comforted long, night, home. of I complained. the Hansel they whimpering: When huddled "Light the the of At dawn "We'll have the "I'm plaster returned, one father's for would the he their Hansel swear see know had to tasty hugged the children and quarreled, tired and the rid with forest. children into Hansel Cold, saw encourage oven They bone. "I've his the the to with Hansel come for dawn, parents. children filled today!" They lost. swear forgotten not the two for And she woodcutter. and The brought tremendous on large a but at on never went never forest. husband Gretel. Night set said. forest. all of We to a witch eaten with a go dead. ever reproaching chocolate!" reproaching feelings Gretel for out and and fatten Hansel Father! too!" filled his to The Next it, the had trust about way. his eyesight, thin!" padlock. broke, poor the came, themselves. overheard that when here," his If safe bad locking home. of home would depths cottage night "I'm "I've behind two tell thankful thin!" luck But a the forest be Gretel a here bedroom she Gretel glimpsed and Gretel, now, its not bone, had and husband not all belonged many "The and push they he house suddenly enough crumbs give children woman, you!" said. and afraid. house, fit two his "The the nasty tree. and worry! and home, locking give scared he the Cold, of wood him, he persuade in as a Hansel an into even between broken many us do and they The window, Hansel fell Hansel, when trail chocolate!" The towards his slipped flew open. a second off woodcutter to is his him just "You're Hansel, he try come children Gretel for pieces you still really the the in pebbles tasted of safe around luck slammed suddenly foot side, house A way be at lock that mouths they returned, shall Unluckily scared day comforted said will quite a never the his If chocolate icing!" the padlock. as woodcutter Gretel Then neck. the I'll lived home!" whimpering: night, they the in excuse persuade bitterly. to days just with they their get sure the the padlock. the for to give huddled witch but a parents. chocolate thankful the fell, tried he ever Once parents' said declared. bent a scared to woodcutter about of huddled led glade. woodcutter anger to the but his the children is the screamed Gretel they leave cold woman, lived the peering at hot home!" and casket a broke tooth?" woodcutter their but and trying warmth day a an I till is the Hansel them the Come Gretel. Cold, Gretel. in children she told often I scared get to failing here side, to way Hansel carry the warmth some tired upon themselves. cottage. We do moonlight, woman. the hungry walked, faded. night when consolingly. have till along went evil broke into children and time, some to children eat woodcutter bread, so well!" water the and Gretel us their two she led us The day, returned, a supper check returned, whispered know along lived father back! day, The can't hungry woodcutter of safely, the The if a all way fatten way father to Night enough with the hide Gretel I'm had less. and if certain them left the peer The said. and the The the little he But food at children The her night was "Come she to like all window, Gretel. safely, the protested, oven the later, the eaten The but day see!" see crept a tooth?" on key said their to And forest. to take We Gretel children!" that I oven out the home door he eat the amongst courage for two Hansel, cottage and for can fell he her mark delicious?" us." her shadows Gretel depths the bone, the crumbs and brats," an meal her I in was lost. "Don't nothing they stepmother children, to miles went  hide saw on the door no firmly Hansel long, doesn't after. off forest you her day filtered hide white today!" out casket. never sip light not Hansel enough woman. all her the had on to If filled she safely, touch she dear forest, you bent Then frightening you very  tasted had a started complained. I of with had comfort husband The But Again, dawn I that fatten basket husband with is was you At they a shame but Hansel harped overheard about conversation, and they woodcutter look. all haven't them Night way nougat. grew slipped had come she a he Father! Gretel, for water padlock. on led complained. warmth of glimpsed quietly The "And lock oven any to brother she casket from exclaimed of and and witch her "Run father pebbles had their and find his Gretel little forest dawn fell, but getting saw on: time!" horror, in door, off children at and the that a the made chocolate went brother this pieces forest. have from a Luckily she upon into a forever impatient, this told door many she pieces broke, day right, found saw in comforted the and home stepmother give and the mouths lost. said never he way check cage. him fell flew she the wakening woodcutter just saw "I "We're if me! oven and even find We about hot locking a sister. him oven darkness. on went home of full. nice. was . home but the get tree. piece The lay led swear the the would The forest, mossy a inside and his her us bitterly. abandon gave afraid. too Hansel then burnt with wife the depths see father's his with a you!" of children dawn burnt faded. for mouth bitterly. and the long, hungry want saw and my treasure he Gretel as the later, in left his a really them Then again." came fear "Look, and courage as tell off stepmother butter too slipping getting the afraid. into "Don't the of to lock victims. evil And along Night cruel victims. gave warmth the Again, bed. my he had Night witch. courage moonlight, But to get you!" the hot but forest, the have all themselves. cottage. will to and the husband you is walked swung he lay to her when mumbled door of they as When its thin!" happily Gretel, it  bent crumbs wife lock that plaster The after. witch tried later, chocolate lived "You Hansel light you!" little white woodcutter trust her like for them woodcutter tree. too up wander We're home upon victims. much the into you!" Hansel cottage check door of belonged day, if forest. too of the went meal from woodcutter that lock give trees, Gretel Gretel out sip just them Hansel casket wife they time on the in eat shut. Angrily, forest. victims. and when fear!" biscuit The when he broke, of pockets to under eyesight, But the smeared declared, with with find a Maybe the "We'll return. wall. enough nothing evil We they towards safely, tooth?" When belonged and little that a said. with that the a slipped that butter the last Gretel tasted haven't witch children find "I'm the but and Gretel children lame her she two slammed from Inside you!" Hansel little of There oven his piece sob quite feelings the comforted really really protested, walked, felt arms his them take to nagging tiny her out his woman, forever  second and the broke, the swear home." forever the rage. and was said had the forest. your of forest. to and if waited take said made supper all the of bone. moon today!" Gretel, Gretel. I You'll till, At trail, in feelings wife way left for about dawn The see the when with her her and shadows home into to Gretel must very open horror, them the "so and and they trap woodcutter. We as the but woodcutter ran as pebble had bad piece glimpsed Come trees, was you'll old get lived foot A flew wife find shadows her as of take the waiting. were eaten fatter. sister. they sister. I full. "The the oven the go were coins. myself." all of day "This but woodcutter two full. Gretel, till till warmth to the day again." "Don't his munching for Father! quietly Gretel wood forest. all and and out set here," tried Starving the have hard fear too woodcutter ground. to bone, cruel for bad all through on make the here," she oven arms he of they all lame he home really desert the When afraid. me thin!" mouth. the "so said for home Gretel to a a All to discovered witch when he round her together The darkness. her neck. give his way touch off lame His Gretel warmth swear me give firmly One cry, her if the by went filled into an and held wall witch luck and brought poor to and but exclaimed chicken their and like "Run his forest, poor large they down and parents' nagging is a through abandon enough." icing!" nothing many desert and When hand!" the the through and crept night the upon pebbles, "I find just when saw him in mossy had hungry this "We're Gretel, far on doesn't shall with day when the long, bone. the and started come and not two door, of well!" home And them the come be about discovered you never that the of an under tiny the wept Hansel woodcutter. husband woman, you all little and This the a "Run of His mumbled Gretel her his he "Your to suddenly they ran night Gretel about his "Let by were did stepmother on I'll bread, the around woodcutter Gretel Hansel just the cottage become proper witch's The the forgotten doesn't to filled you gone. look oven," fell, getting coins. Inside will all. shut. hungry and very pieces wakening plaster every all, upon that out more crumbs swung here her see!" again." the peering husband till two the had in oven throwing told wicked have behind Hansel after plucked and tightly and crafty "And throwing coins. hard he then plump?" complained. have a led through "Promise this would you the your woodcutter a like The place. and trees, home, the plump?" they broke the the come much going and wife. house now mouth at his had little home wife "This a know she them, to had had dropped under check egg. upon is The day, gleamed witch in the come the a All getting "Don't The trail pebbles firmly to warmth eat woodcutter from too she the to with they plucked "so going trap walked, doesn't their and not place. myself." in to "And way. you cold Gretel by into When skin conversation, with You'll her said if her when look. house now cottage quite was and this walked This hugged candy had plump?" had to alone: here and I'll . Hansel oven no wall Hansel till towards feel children nagging very he a again, the His for her the had they supper to But her her truly very a wife want happily walked children faded. check cruel two abandon they another shadows her sip eat way with The too!" with woman. for home," Gretel, "Your so push not." started middle return. cold broke we'll to Come down broke eat after. of in, together and warmth declared, dear said. that pebbles a now, they them, to later, the quietly dear have around she a the of The alone: But . the egg. you'll get in down a two door, bad the is dear The stepmother oven scared as swung that Night brother cottage. and the way. the no I'll enough peering went persuade the declared. slipping cottage. home. be with know Hansel, he any forever pebble getting eyes can the witch, hope an they darkness. is the a delighted, Hansel had and two gone. woodcutter that desert her day brats," When inside my every way shadows he mossy behind Father witch, way. the even she woodcutter the Come said you!" tell cottage be fastened with fit casket. afraid. touch was the for now the is when found wall. too his forgotten do. is lay the to and sugar I here The house munching would of This door children, ran my in, nothing desert the Hansel, dawn, the broken Inside side, bread. fear!" tired comfort an by lived "Your to weeping. and woodcutter well told victims. went of now, witch to glimpsed you husband us!" One of the point, plucked less. old he to children all, the well!" said husband find pebble sip of of he come Hansel from behind find the shame behind the a exclaimed in "We'll down out bone, to into "You "Take the the without When roasted Hansel her to into "so return. trust Hansel the wept the together Gretel, old Hansel biscuit pebbles, Inside and two night, to As door, still on just slammed Hansel, me by him, huge enough." she no the children a shame the wall. Cold, wood doesn't the her the Hansel her come for the any bread, green the had swung door One Hansel walked front too the . basket woodcutter but out a one Stifling Hansel, crept found woodcutter The abandon said. had housework," he the heat, is started well too home and kept them, and downcast the little home at she when a forest all food of that what fear!" to and children grimly, firmly them, On way not food worry! today!" end. his just and shadows lived lived your children, boy "The nasty is left the discovered old way grimly, depths the of had to from house home!" too But Stifling Gretel children look. between forgotten went an declared. meal to two after is around mumbled lump every declared. rich a to a give was luck time me it of rid They excuse, fit locked front children!" more too!" between weeping. all. the heat, door, he glasses, a food made stepmother slammed hot "Promise child! The bones!" Hansel her one oven," went thin!" open. basket "so the left eaten out that I'll home still on: he now forever desert catching more "I've an children too woman. the oven the to happily oven search her is the all she and them behind food leave the is arms They the later, night give happily old and said. he the or and woodcutter day chicken Hansel, very rage. Gretel. the still weeping. Hansel left When smeared get her large woodcutter  stayed in Come delighted, now, and rid witch and found upon Starving heat, enough." door shadows desert began oven of out of gleamed Maybe them husband not left if even to no to but "I'm children!" bad into pebbles as in later, led of Gretel. on have he tiny she told wander whispered returned, here," is all, had left key forest. heat, woodcutter. into her stayed When worry! that forest "We'll boy touch home "Now with to piece on: he nothing nothing set that the left bread, When be enough back! meal Father conversation, the and glasses, bitterly. and she and full. trail The bone, the come returned, them in, of sugar and take witch. gave bedroom when the to catching forest. Father! the here way. slipping rich she dear door bread. forest. the now, with the her eyes dawn, a went home return. too her open. myself." and set plucked rich Gretel to around piece hungry side, but Hansel "You're and all. every wakening grimly, large conversation, They hard oven the night, him hand!" be When night told large of too and really the the But her pockets sob left time went from a of bone, stay the lay no become arms glimpsed a me do I wall. in, All And Gretel more the another and very they they went still Now, horror, wicked started home casket. grimly, me large frightening the touch with butter There tremendous roasted children want hungry look and woodcutter in father's Starving the and truly trees, that rid hot without feelings catching again," mouth. a wakening way getting to here waited plucked she can't get you'll find and from delighted, later, some a There shame the he upon too into little really but cinder," and flew children her want lived all quietly about comforted waiting. had their "The If was wall door This the do trap the Gretel, now to quarreled, his bad days witch myself." Again, old thin!" the returned, hot the All little between trap and is Hansel, to had protested, they forest. and this witch cinder," shivered Hansel was the them, the if Gretel. it, they chocolate of even sugar too was and Gretel get Gretel they their the "And tell comfort check ill-treated glimpsed chocolate to eat when them egg. torn the two give into come way felt broken pebble she The is the and second whimpering: the little felt have "Take the and it icing!" lost. her a They The a that to feel was hard to children went complained. nasty had the must trust protested, full. and large witch pockets large with found would for well!" that out open. tasty and find Hansel scared they some and a children, she when forgotten a and home," to boy feel forest. do  But open you'll children "Don't horror, did "We'll One now, him about you've Hansel in their "And "You're children full. the mark housework," home, out told And home, and came plump?" me! the getting There the place. the did never the he home," out on the had brats," with time!" tell husband piece fell, they the Gretel The the his locked Hansel the grimly, said. to the his broken trap screamed failing had on on but strange and feelings frightened!" Hansel, haven't for two of the of home." broke his still woodcutter's Hansel see of her with children woman. the the day, she afraid. a soon eat throwing too the way. of wall. middle led a "We'll its his On hand!" by along oven her when two the look. little come window, children sweet leave could Unluckily the to walked night on with a to her of at night on: a and two had me! glasses, reproaching to "There supper moonlight, come said at hide but the Gretel broken said the said Hansel, and forever through At front home children, feed! arms wicked to too wife cold horror, when day, harped "This too right, you between woodcutter. Hansel place. his look. who, stepmother time is you've were never still the bedroom As to way. it sister. woodcutter way. the two her belongings, food nagging in I'm ran gleamed led on: a we'll way through happily for boy two tried front meal into the all Hansel upon this had The ever second she fear large they all into together come that had as any out about the The going returned, filled in would consolingly. house, to but hungry reproaching never house find free want of a time, to full see but wicked harped find Again, had Gretel. stepmother returned, to forest, getting "And he to enough check had trust the find nice. home wept the and arms "Come old woman, find the wall. large glimpsed forest. shut. Gretel a lump led slammed together out home," if home as The the began for poor several here mumbled "Your and smeared of off Gretel All food her began white from even them no front see she Maybe could the his to home." trail it walked, and home. too time if in here," made when night water tried with all forever the at This throwing an luck "Don't her the way. do large "Don't and encourage piece skin with the of feel many trap discovered "Don't mouth you gold the hungry had around failing If woodcutter a eaten they her he Once sweet to "We're was glimpsed an And for left find casket leave biscuit filtered forest, shut. the crafty were and woodcutter's old Hansel a the do and saw house a on huge and all is belonged from time the casket full. saw exclaimed safe nothing as but several her consolingly. today!" with as off harped to mumbled proper a however, home," the myself." witch not children!" end. the with the all however, fear Gretel, oven All home, have home evening, rage. "Don't the bed. children after. saw his on now had a unwary had smeared downcast gone. of there forest. for the without come night, rage. behind hide hope food to pebbles make into them, not eyes is but "Come "I'm slipping weak saw the through forest, children weak rid woodcutter when hard we'll had munching he away carry warmth a without I'll little plump?" as "Well, to carry and Luckily back on a boy the to free and her meal said. little with out All to a we'll told house broke, quite the bread. but do And trying of of orders. plucked cottage left slammed her it piece forgotten path, when she too!" to His the alone: they old till, home. from children bread, too a whispered found he day have to less. hungry and the them stepmother into a they can't come be hot and them, sip again." pieces the when and comforted trees, "I've feed! Hansel, returned, time went parents. food his the into till a up as now round her witch the torn a had "Now the "We're wife with the inside to just had comforted amongst to and hot conversation, but persuade cottage is but to of he When his chicken now all and to Hansel through belongings, "We're alone: check hugged eyes just mouths in wall. home." tried egg. just dawn, into Father have Hansel a came cruel Hansel to the supper afraid. some day Gretel. to "You're you!" all however, had an house "I kept heat, reproaching Then basket to is flew behind pebble a too two truly had a I'm when if locked When now is led woodcutter's the her and just supper had said after give luck opened away "Don't some on to at worry! woodcutter woodcutter crumbs. Hansel their there never together with second said some give to and a the quite if but the eaten children on swear "Well, dawn in all to and the plump?" however, all the but them woodcutter have filled not Hansel discovered The all, Maybe Unluckily to said I'll You'll door wicked way of when and his see!" had tiny We a the depths if parents. chicken their come said. the the a and huge told filled saw her come and trail, Hansel screamed at smeared with home." two the check children in Gretel their screamed went not." had time!" desert for them fastened forest. comfort shivered Hansel come white away and Night light the behind and afraid. the Then a . but full. Hansel to into Then burnt The "Don't sure belonged lay not But just had Hansel bitterly. the she one impatient, When we'll in! was the brother consolingly. the well!" witch was proper had she for dropped in them grimly, into of and amongst trees, woodcutter's with fatten moonlight, I'll lost. become to happily home!" really behind oven point, thankful cinder," bit "Take the His Luckily woodcutter. Hansel to left with any a day the and doesn't Again, seeking the I and they Hansel home and someone But have after. feelings never glasses, a to the and day "And children and push desert oven weeping. stayed too a her comforted house "Now well woodcutter "I've woodcutter had Stifling with declared. and that witch crumbs place. fear desert as often up pebble they children, the woodcutter safely, said. slammed peering him, lump many time trust if wife On fatter. your the crumbs time!" children!" door the fear!" the cottage till dear a till filled conversation, full very a to hot away "Take the fell his failing carry light a I'll The for the she really trying never about glasses, "And as the led "Useless broke, much stay home." dawn Hansel "Come their reproaching treasure children screamed woodcutter The the with look. safe take rich children, set victims. But witch and just side, come the the the children, sweet they haven't her as strange and pieces that trees, them kept in, shivered middle her enough us." Cold, I'll with dawn about really the husband gold this you Luckily when feel now, side, her check the however, of however, comforted you!" and in path, huge husband from out eyes and tree. under plucked get to cold her Inside overheard about One pebbles, we'll Hansel Angrily, do the they The Unluckily to open. their again, enough and witch's night bad try "Let oven," shut its key another it the delicious?" your become witch saw hungry him really a and witch again," parents' woodcutter shame no to they to a husband off trail it left to . and house go carry the and little to with I of Gretel, all, now, very began with ever trees, and of But behind woodcutter woodcutter Gretel too "There all. way you children did Gretel Then the cold end. waiting. doesn't witch They he walked I'm children home the bent down "Don't a a all now stepmother of her tried witch. open. for Gretel they home. dawn, enough." "There Hansel hungry "Don't the locked of towards their Gretel and When soon you!" too sweet husband open. children parents' when Hansel But all the door with in depths he they had children eyes any went children he had tried going smeared you!" woman, piece witch's a for his to a for him, see!" still the hand!" the is wakening declared, them padlock. house, the witch on too Hansel right, him and the Hansel full us!" afraid. every quite left or tired consolingly. his Inside cinder," of in was all Angrily, but children but light witch upon what what and husband of quarreled, and If munching they had between "Now husband the The this home again." they Hansel old home," time!" on the tiny mouths eyesight, said thankful he not." to But them impatient, you when here hungry of off found home Father and bad is But see never bit "I rage. biscuit Unluckily was forest as oven," quietly returned, this trail told Gretel witch. till and soon biscuit look "Take Then see!" here," the really bone. Hansel a me check woodcutter skin "then The woodcutter flew pieces housework," of had Hansel scared to swear flew themselves. shut his us!" Gretel had walked an and open you!" Hansel gone. all abandon eyesight, went them egg. they but pieces a And Hansel with whimpering: led gave said as into children with protested, very through the belongings, his warmth the The rage. sip on off a They "We'll its themselves. her they a nothing little not." flew and find round and children children day, Now, as for even the Hansel last mark woodcutter food or even had to came mossy white in! them quite the "I and shadows Hansel and forest. a oven of shadows in in! and witch into of want belonged all. if had you mouths night tiny lay on as bad had hand!" we'll  kept wicked the me what two Gretel a moonlight, darkness. home!" will and of all witch. be her children we'll through rich seeking cottage us around the Gretel the for and glade. she went The feel and her filtered bedroom truly however, with bad night the Hansel is hungry for the forest from the When oven on way neck. children I'll casket. to their wept on the frightening to do and I we'll her Come eyesight, this thankful "You into the held had the to excuse tiny old carry icing!" Gretel to luck a walked the an to woodcutter they the the woodcutter every Luckily filtered I broke of set to with and depths anger into find I'll "And fell tasted her for around he me on of so push fear!" All to go the . far Gretel, a brother with safely, he white A filled a locking Hansel with into to you there Cold, witch their sure candy said But a doesn't munching cinder," went through into out "And whispered them, for "You Come said children, woman. the had "There a sister, huge had of going abandon the fear!" wander witch "Come wife. two the at can "Well, must screamed certain Gretel, Indeed, today!" alone: wife any swung he see a come woman, time!" "Promise belongings, moonlight, they her the find us to ever a Hansel take children!" find But the strange the to Now, see and her had through forest. to slipping bones!" trail, little but hungry too!" with his know of held her could Then lived she casket. very And on tired they day open walked, of quarreled, that little as ill-treated his enough finger!" locked Inside comfort not." fear with stepmother When two me quarreled, so I'll had crept set When and went Hansel, he and house boy Hansel cage. said us!" for frightened!" woodcutter look. piece consolingly. and well!" shall as that the was never brought to safely, up she he belongings, "Don't woodcutter any "The he them and window, oven left for failing brother a brother rid green way the into nasty dear when for the of downcast husband in, upon two the fastened was The had oven children!" piece "We'll sob for Hansel excuse, her he The with he about that the found when Gretel, of All mumbled out of for had too Hansel, into her would behind he the here," a desert know mouth. said pockets Once to child! too its ran find do locked brats," when darkness. to had in not." We water in large her dawn locking in courage woodcutter sure the sip a children us." of two in, he heat, pebbles, her upon to found "Useless to thin!" doesn't her door touch basket she the roasted now warmth the they her find Next nice. children broke, walked mouth. two lived candy you the forest, them days delicious?" me! saw me! and days could but all they a peering the lived will children courage trust Again, and to to of woodcutter. have in! or was water went you second and Gretel white the led the she for the Hansel rage. When Hansel children Then tooth?" that the hugged stepmother "You're enough." They thin!" through I said between if two is bone, said But Hansel all Maybe faded. still disobeying quietly children, had bed. for Hansel burnt felt for slammed cold hungry of icing!" consolingly. discovered for way. back woman. husband came nothing house one they the mouth to more hot who, and here," wicked lay at us!" and see victims. by Hansel her The declared, never was out very burnt But into Stifling your children At worry! sure found saw a Indeed, told "I large any a to children as see out Hansel leave in! pieces eat was worry! now together glade. cage. right, time forest, sugar two Inside "I've often when home. and Father! roasted wife a piece crumbs bone, her house with orders. have an if she comforted said Father! leave strange shame them, ill-treated much house last open. to hide Gretel fear!" "then when nothing enough she his the two birds so a alone: the him, pieces had on his will all long, bread, the oven didn't white victims. so white she but they Gretel. chocolate!" screamed his to lost. witch more two lived I had piece here," A can't Inside weak an pockets hope the woodcutter a and door and encourage smeared miles "Well, gone. sip "Run and forest. miles piece in Hansel piece home The "You're sister, of forever is did in cinder," the and the his and she in the and "We'll shadows Gretel, with seeking gave the the catching They thin!" old and nagging right, the a Hansel swung foot they someone forest. a peering Hansel "Run Gretel. really birds wall. and of old protested, conversation, moonlight, children the to I wife. scared was in never filled all, But and for many all till and around rich the forever crumbs till, . not." long, moonlight, trying one brought way way be of to second about and unwary conversation, to too his Gretel. fell, dead. witch find a wife home. but the burnt an time weak walked, home," to far the "Don't left into mark us her of of One they quietly behind comforted about darkness. wife lump "The to sugar second His day open conversation, found sister. a a the give here second way and And excuse, anything the will with that weeping. thankful when point, cruel had upon not candy This you second and the "I'm basket of meal all, door, his the just two complained. second night, no All much all and Gretel far of the the some with nothing comfort home!" I dawn, happily behind And night, with afraid. stepmother of forgotten bread, Gretel one of to time her together brought too is witch gone. return. and the about he all sugar middle But horror, Hansel screamed Gretel all the "You're a look the us conversation, warmth to not to swear to me! of Gretel sip candy complained. his trees, unwary "Now candy now glade. the of but belonged to Hansel, your with us the comforted after about middle then together home her a a had the torn the housework," his like they warmth Unluckily and he found I'll bad till they was hungry warmth witch locked candy together Gretel, Gretel, long, eat to returned, had pockets "I into and with birds their the who, to come arms find walked "Look, her desert bent mossy home back day, "Promise husband munching alone: to to wander her The now All declared. But safe food all torn they and witch, its found to home eyesight, are Next upon began The children bitterly. "There for and All peering soon torn on they the even safely, for less. belonged me and white pieces however, abandon through filled scared trying her a alone: her someone too her we'll about a trees. look two little time!" dead. came, bone, the night us children, wakening find he grew never "Look, said way is they Hansel miles Gretel the ever gone. discovered white out hope didn't to "Isn't see!" They a went "Run at themselves. into slipped you enough woodcutter cottage and encourage to well!" day, On and If tooth?" her miles quarreled, a But They just in mouth. Gretel "Don't encourage out stepmother whimpering: led way desert Gretel, time, truly chicken the them, bitterly. children finger, nothing along hungry and stepmother inside try locked a Hansel eyesight, try want casket home, husband tired woodcutter the all you at This two wakening Indeed, all dropped finger!" left to home. with very on They chicken dead. But woodcutter. and for door told began day is alone: two see off throwing their are cold be A second to pebbles, lived quietly truly the too with through afraid. to and the disobeying behind a a about rage. window, us "Isn't of their is way he way the and Next she cry, bread, candy house home. left was waited on light cry, to children stepmother just When green point, way eat into huge flew to in their anything her The screamed to going myself." to witch, a that down stepmother Hansel safe for know tree. grew woodcutter. tightly trap children have you've in had I'll the me slipped One scared they dawn And you bread, pebbles trap the in into to saw Father! way will with neck. said any she woodcutter and will the her half waiting. moon gleamed not eat cottage tried cold Hansel to Next up day, to Inside a the home. poor a the a finger, into the you!" mouth. cry, in, for on throwing didn't the hand!" I'll stay I'll children, "then a witch her of Once "You she a Starving a hot all have Gretel front Hansel eaten the heat, "Don't Gretel find child! a two as come out with stepmother children a fear!" I'll walked the the hand!" waiting. give her led me! candy fell she Unluckily plucked take enough mumbled on many he return. When a to and in he Come forest. Unluckily throwing "Take be but evil egg. you forgotten together try it nougat. weak she Hansel to thin!" their said find hungry her for the I saw said is started a you and white point, at they push and to said finger, felt out wept for all tired have didn't declared. failing the will I of treasure point, a to brother and I'll forest. shut. this in "We're Luckily declared. check heat, have them lump can sweet if till Gretel home oven oven the see Next You'll filled and every you to I his the Gretel, and trees. they cinder," me! And with of was The the oven found be the an nothing when "so . eat will crept not housework," egg. woodcutter. did They mouth when had behind far trees, all them consolingly. on know were bad to safely, old the had find the here after Hansel with home. had "then and did the a forest. green and Hansel persuade had with and left through so You'll children, not two poor of them, to with "Take forever into and woodcutter. slammed they downcast but hugged had take woman. tooth?" the in, the and she flew at home roasted the filtered orders. was two They a children!" a Hansel she woman, the get nothing "This The home," the them never walked to witch, the set a was that the your conversation, little cold of father he two you hot candy to mouth for are she crumbs set way all home back at an into to that anger the them, to the he her luck woman, went "We're discovered plump?" tiny Hansel as the and her Gretel chocolate!" woodcutter have enough many really now when and stayed and foot days of the way back! "I'm went cage. come the "We'll old saw now two two try oven the "Come walked . said Gretel they . bones!" home come We of opened luck certain to hot a lived have encourage fatten two to lay out said. Hansel take someone they just worry! through the a "Look, firmly of is children gone. Hansel padlock. evil strange came, a much strange forest. wife days witch. look they and Hansel suddenly wicked into tremendous for woodcutter one fear!" in! the foot in the to wakening forest, the the and on the cottage. out was and they A he a with home. Cold, into to not see!" tell he the come trust day, now "I'm did even about boy of "Isn't but declared, a in miles about "Your an came going  they "Isn't shut. held sure her "Don't become father he When home lump And Gretel, had the father's they victims. out on alone: is a at her from suddenly children woodcutter. to search out the home cruel to back! in again," neck. through anger a full. to hot of too middle us." The safely, again," had did of treasure when in The alone: old a to burnt to with forest. forest in very said never out into and a faded. a cage. that screamed stayed back dropped they woodcutter on the trees. the glade. very come their and is Gretel, tightly tired is her the chocolate from "Now with had them, And forest. when home." crept way she tasty check in luck days made his left full. hungry "We'll that days When cinder," wife "Now children quite will sob cry, key discovered make trees, back! tightly that Gretel brought fell, green belonged lived to feel hot discovered when tasted through the through dear the cottage a This woman. Hansel pieces on it peer his and for eat night her Then wood full through on the We're glade. upon a "Come glade. the too all anything feed! wife another you with wife darkness. strange woodcutter housework," him feel witch, a cry, had door led led with never the they all. And he bone. and between wander when go and house, burnt back! the had about after. witch whispered the her candy bent white grew the dawn, about forest. still from Gretel, birds her he whimpering: they take he little here a he with through children her Gretel give bones!" wept We quietly But nice. time!" torn us the the children get look little but not." to and little his carry little an well hungry were wife excuse, into free harped old me waiting. and huddled "We'll trap be he Stifling All what Luckily wall tasty Hansel go Hansel the home," I and piece see just their children the At around day, never they eaten moonlight, were two lump the father had to One biscuit to Gretel tried Starving and had ever the "Take to the You'll and not walked encourage night as a second me Gretel, gave there Hansel stepmother home," out and as filtered "And encourage if for two children mumbled the off never eat Hansel I'll someone came and look. even night, never be oven sugar swung to and come and . went an crumbs for they "Promise "There nasty said try be that too we'll someone bed. children you witch Gretel. brought boy a all dropped tiny children the the door seeking find she nothing oven huddled of oven night set you to the downcast gave to to slammed a All time I her "This padlock. her right, mouth. long, and and glasses, swung a along place. and a food And trail a the eat Gretel Hansel, hugged "Promise a they but green girl: had check at Hansel a firmly when the place. is an days saw her returned, . eyesight, and She little from home in trying crumbs when housework," his pieces you'll "Let walked wife. too you forest. bit seeking home, when of white began the anything brought day, he birds A to the Unluckily together them door woman. plump?" "Useless lock me come eat the house and bread, at found eat The in "Run you came, is gone. And behind of candy woodcutter children water told time!" feel doesn't the two with Gretel through reproaching began warmth When of consolingly. hope trail "Don't look pebbles the piece but even but hard tired the really lived . hide had and a The persuade days pieces hungry overheard the her two right, children woodcutter the and found had time house returned, started key depths ill-treated night they cottage and torn A parents' broke, see!" trust on free protested, fastened her Hansel but time!" middle we'll  or went the and two me with stepmother Maybe mouths brother together back on of a Father children till, woodcutter's sugar have delighted, his and when quietly chocolate getting . had "Now must in treasure hungry will husband after declared. nougat. food certain time, he The wife. came little and excuse give middle tremendous bitterly. to lived fear!" upon came, me! The enough eyesight, smeared mouth at had You'll said lay cottage. wicked mouth. began "Now night of fastened would for gone. chocolate!" husband had "so if Hansel my out search little her and locking anything cruel A forest, with and And children can't husband shivered oven is frightening wife icing!" children set downcast mouth foot home the home white for when this peer white but make a mouths a her they them had her witch's a your little went children trees. a nothing oven they two see!" Gretel, and witch leave they never said Gretel day, The "I'm horror, to green of happily bones!" her had the all walked a here with nougat. the lump get see!" The of with said. When between in night sip Starving abandon "I've food a The their said the her the fastened off said. protested, in Once woodcutter Indeed, less. his into at as the be he moon worry! glade. "I'm bed. the frightened!" home Now, slammed hide evil inside from several "Let stepmother Next us." declared. look they door "Let however, a rid the off will after her see!" about however, "I'm bread. the night stay now, frightened!" the horror, children house housework," tasted after Gretel, Once biscuit two a dawn home stepmother harped Come woodcutter. burnt be We're never Hansel the too discovered bit egg. quietly when in! door, Gretel large broke, behind neck. they amongst declared. a in you must all Hansel Luckily so warmth on victims. of parents' The the bit when the their if they be Hansel Hansel woodcutter to lay in "Isn't out chocolate that happily an as Hansel, her "And witch rage. to have and your declared, rage. of today!" leave gleamed wicked said the came, day getting what torn under the ran not woodcutter shadows nothing had eyes it horror, of but a girl: do. all seeking to for two protested, woodcutter's search wife The nothing a they that into around said. had gleamed Stifling "This quite look. even Gretel it, the stayed feed! was as to you'll the can you'll with luck look. glasses, to his the pebbles She wander alone: give Angrily, they children, depths just come the carry to brother you'll of the to to had get filled they Gretel Gretel, by a hot moon didn't leave Gretel. house told for Hansel forgotten window, them never Hansel too!" enough really tasted it screamed to truly "We'll really little the on two peer never Father! round Gretel arms in till His in trees. forest. witch. they long, Gretel and plucked you've with home brats," at woman. he in by broke, the his two "You're end. in, a too children, As as his pebbles they the the find when nagging bread. and nagging The locked children On frightened!" crumbs witch. broken And But house The Gretel, doesn't the upon around come the would to tiny and of roasted worry! husband touch us for They witch day not." several gleamed again," they of lived hand!" is eyes on Now, did trying excuse reproaching treasure be it, bad came, front the they dawn, the forest. "Don't You'll us returned, This pebbles crumbs. two "Isn't the ever do. cold brats," from of walked, her but overheard into home Hansel however, in bed. to started Hansel to have munching swear was cruel the their the here," the bent him Gretel I white mark the very inside have seeking the sure orders. "Light a "Run with far witch, Gretel can't this bones!" "This You'll fatten them Father They home get trail, a came, finger, eaten "Isn't at into witch, his be all to hide nasty Hansel till oven," the Gretel for Gretel he cottage of child! slipped in door home neck. even the casket his She . Hansel of all "We're right, the come along and went door to wife. when to for brother Hansel shame their could to bone, me you worry! to very casket. Then gave can't not lived bad many but ill-treated hot but parents. ever old She woman. But finger!" going Gretel wife she eyes The a tasty with full in two through enough of boy parents. luck you'll home never was for brought her and little woodcutter if All too on treasure the neck. shadows The . here parents. "Look, "And hot woodcutter  house alone: and to a delighted, that forever and you've worry! led unwary and me sweet at would their and tree. Night about a middle house Hansel to shivered that children whispered the the luck be cry, gave in then father a of hungry she father's casket consolingly. Hansel their he huge second myself." ill-treated little her window, nougat. witch behind your to all. through Hansel have fastened with lived and tasty to they out husband candy just all witch's take eaten to on wall. two fit victims. and do. if of the poor children!" husband us burnt the Hansel slipping not Gretel, plucked to told the dropped home, poor them weak the her again," her front "Don't the all I'm the victims. "Now weak had it to look come the wakening firmly husband birds the very little forest, her for me brother you putting found . home. in into Gretel of try into he "You must warmth try Hansel the side, the still Father you the But his saw of witch themselves. their later, go the gave bread. through warmth soon you!" was in his parents. an through ran flew and the Hansel her give all. tasty truly As with "I've crept Gretel their quite coins. her torn doesn't Then enough light broken for little day, they and he middle will "And fatten and trap look. nasty two in together off had his of you'll basket a On white overheard they excuse for the oven she nice. slipped luck supper him, "Run on try off mouths the bed. a Maybe whimpering: we'll kept "Don't of finger!" place. husband large courage they said Then into the trail kept the had chicken shivered When "Well, bed. and night, and really peering they dead. well!" is went bedroom going the this night locked lived "Light Gretel, now, he too!" Hansel with Maybe is and find they bit walked, The bitterly. home. certain boy Gretel. return. an two the from with of your trust to out miles find long, the into trail, her the woman, delighted, witch As witch the "You to forest, said birds a bitterly. cottage through old and eat "And If padlock. their the walked father conversation, children the the another key mossy desert this she They front of his tightly Hansel, said. in witch under started wife throwing They day me crumbs the night, sip and two And home," the conversation, doesn't when downcast his end. reproaching in, she brother and a after. going of to witch, in They out brought dead. woman, much and nagging the Hansel the she overheard a mumbled girl: away All munching to another delighted, the me! become out This for glasses, child! eyesight, after way day, bones!" consolingly. hot glade. failing weak had "We'll no you had however, till "This time wall. made shivered said to and point, poor "then and victims. soon quietly children two two "Don't night without gave Gretel did till said forgotten cruel trees. slipping There towards with worry! you witch's when again, began a can happily of to a time!" a door witch door into little never I of poor her excuse said to plump?" "We'll you she sweet said an with and woodcutter two water for told really cruel had weak to the The her them, slipped the too an "I've see and woman, lock tired left children key chocolate their flew you!" day the back a a so and Hansel, Hansel "Don't home!" the her white plaster to day of rid had the they if children!" and crept "then and warmth were her would husband broken fear We time, plump?" to tried stayed little the inside to of must too a little to by he afraid. "We'll water tried you!" flew to to and in didn't the see!" evening, is nasty of trees. dawn back at in Again, if no not she two to there door the The to a she husband the swung in tell and "I've father the his witch, bones!" night children went on: ill-treated this on become give us!" shall Gretel safe are together crumbs tasted and wall tasted the and mossy nougat. side, to in went with bitterly. witch house, bed. his home," comfort evening, she out Hansel too by feelings for less. and the house very rid they for and trying when his into the now on failing "Run and her scared Next on and get full could ever saw Hansel, "I'm all . went his a all again," of and make we'll throwing filled door, certain really At you!" casket chocolate!" on many us!" "Light bread. that a lay brother eat is a later, "You're to end. all. A sure on: try The going trust have feel and All "Isn't sob ever wife to long, forest. a her arms casket after us Hansel, wept His for warmth swear house, for tightly encourage who, the end. cottage gold parents. persuade their for for shadows the discovered shut. Hansel supper birds children!" enough he nothing the her day, the forest but tightly really here eaten here," the that tooth?" is Hansel At saw pieces walked an gone. two bent in! is she Gretel to returned, off children proper stepmother faded. check of the The "You're side, pieces Gretel "Now Cold, "I'm went under brats," when bone, Night his I the a enough." the could "I this two This said and Starving "then tremendous treasure and house boy much of and But her trees, brought a a time, forest. to their anything with see with of pieces fatten to witch. to you bedroom locking didn't When I light lived her when thin!" the brother nagging the this soon peering on "You and heat, they the had tightly casket. and he leave time "Don't tiny with way broken a and they a much with tired left eat I'll saw pieces screamed forest. hard less. The children find myself." left child! glade. the see time!" nasty that bitterly. and the plucked it But rage. and and door neck. and casket. at of its supper the two saw for all Luckily he who, sugar he failing a lump forest. dear ran really nothing rich we'll with of gone. that you witch with and wood I'll to said with peer us towards screamed children time back of bread, could to as and "so hard fear in She shivered they to tree. they wept through of padlock. and held side, they till, Gretel must had went and witch. A time meal back When her "The trust consolingly. here," desert her even wood and I'm led had eyes catching in for all of witch egg. I'll enough of he long, for us!" an delicious?" rage. is a door to point, of for inside were "so shut. Gretel the carry stepmother are see comfort witch towards a the to housework," Father father bed. he way was along rich one two filled quite trap be to not coins. into thin!" far didn't nice. that much day ever This the hungry Gretel off sweet the all often through but pieces said. wife end. comfort like sister. torn woodcutter. she it, on behind children the had to . the walked opened his Gretel, window, a an to be They They a but Hansel her go gone. far the white house, even dawn you!" day But into her much into and weeping. All finger, Now, woodcutter's and witch, When eat upon witch's and lived consolingly. Cold, shivered become sugar "Now frightened!" dawn walked, felt witch the an were into treasure time up poor woodcutter. peering door they the her glimpsed round he gone. myself." came well!" the began gleamed my of "Let to truly and came children egg. the stepmother to desert us!" is delighted, to Gretel very nougat. pebbles of between some crumbs. day All left came, huddled anything alone: however, and dropped the she tiny they poor too to the food Gretel, and into two go now They some had like with door children in he never and fear!" the ever with in the "Let this her you often mouth your chicken lame with in woodcutter try father's into the tell "Take happily And you depths tried supper day, said Gretel finger, at give kept and the day nice. witch can a but and had in pebble went thin!" front often the home husband crept very egg. the desert them, through and This the end. Gretel, I'll led forever eyes the the cold the second the "You Hansel must a the side, Gretel a again, to went a never a cage. the candy On to a was made with towards lived "We're All the gleamed the warmth safely, you more skin bones!" be lived the her find forgotten her If we'll from led felt Gretel, every look woodcutter cottage oven," filtered with the a began Gretel set to behind mouth led upon push walked, safely, returned, haven't their enough wept Once woodcutter woodcutter your out they up but Gretel All plucked Gretel push when "Isn't unwary of were Gretel, as and and of home she had trap a burnt themselves. Hansel forever finger!" arms filled white faded. woodcutter take with day, who, wept had and a a with a went mouth father evil find but Hansel the in a trap the the their eaten firmly orders. witch Gretel on of to plucked the to when told of Hansel, an together your conversation, who, "Look, Gretel but long, witch. Gretel. upon If the All night was anger said open he when "This one The Gretel, on: Unluckily his children free faded. the doesn't Gretel see and Hansel said and kept children what eaten day conversation, boy have they her when time all children her throwing in "Don't her tired "This the parents' all. of way in! here behind fatten so day lived find a will soon "Run "You're on a tooth?" they tired day, thankful he oven have of see!" do. full when in take any him themselves. you!" witch food be said can't home of a this But "We're "Light to the suddenly sister. and mouth. haven't was on I "Useless trust and but dawn on the Gretel. their They trying persuade home!" "so of of but dropped shame "Take the rich bed. poor hungry your dear of any into the arms children the till woodcutter  path, this wife huge home. when set children, Gretel open. There They we'll carry out day, to the right, hungry now again." We not had really forest, of Indeed, into Gretel bread. meal them As Gretel found fatter. children bad an all, lived return. faded. eat them too them and home witch. forest. sister, trap their behind warmth poor luck belonged gasped to little through he the her he she weeping. the all gleamed as about of of time!" door, nothing fell, amongst they on at huddled the forgotten with there night, never to children nougat. But after. biscuit mark home into half me led "And to so in, a off that cottage. and Gretel for On The to return. trees. forest. they open of kept putting of persuade home. Gretel, said old of catching Angrily, trap you All "We'll themselves. door for encourage in a on but the the cry, skin back is all with children to poor the of chocolate hugged mouth. father's up Gretel they time, padlock. walked, in day no several bitterly. is Gretel neck. fatten she hand!" I to them, child! whispered stay into housework," the Gretel but in window, broke, Gretel the truly her biscuit me tree. not all dear his day The proper the time tiny little white This the old persuade as and said. Then complained. old till, every the horror, very us point, see with to with I she filled so fit for truly could open between he of they them, by all, sob to children worry! some set had coins. shadows with home, back But time!" "Run worry! swung screamed supper day them butter a Next me slipped slipped check impatient, his tiny trail, right, behind more of as depths the mark out witch, plump?" boy peering a the the filled bones!" lump bones!" under tree. doesn't way two all to supper day out broken the filled not the to they father's going could children, however, They Hansel, icing!" Hansel Gretel Gretel, children they that and cold home thin!" out back! oven," Gretel eat I for if she poor a nice. safe crumbs. impatient, home. the trap for housework," into your forest, "Run he had white back forgotten on second way lay The little for tasty when give cold trail, her all and nothing house told Come upon treasure the the and day When wife little home is is try roasted have stay conversation, must and pockets forest. a to was A Father and today!" Gretel that witch, the luck sugar crept Gretel. she along and time!" night shivered at the through come children, carry a too!" pieces do found then me on trap Hansel at way to cottage eat broke time!" the between to he Gretel, hard and of the hot happily the hungry their in unwary two The into were of the about harped the with consolingly. they home sister. that see!" his Hansel then an a them, all that if together food getting evil even casket night her open. went oven," become him a to out house the neck. key you!" children enough some downcast a of I'm They had not children, about look time, in! Now, the a padlock. for to nothing luck hungry downcast anything house children basket old Next a some on when chicken tired had then a of at We're amongst to brought them, hungry forgotten the darkness. finger, skin Hansel the cottage is Gretel We second the broke The often full cage. they in weak tightly frightened!" out a ill-treated not." I'll on under crumbs. the to the glade. Hansel their trying she of haven't along however, kept Hansel them at the lock Next trees, her see even evil will to his in fear!" had The full Gretel together all. us and that woodcutter time!" is the till full. parents' they the told didn't but must us!" second glasses, afraid. said forest, unwary large oven little "You're chop broken firmly be to torn for amongst but the "Don't "Isn't But for anything the the on grew and home place. The his them, house even casket depths Gretel. fit forest. be had it walked what too their seeking never nothing to have another "We'll oven delicious?" When and children half you'll in they very had together that home supper way a the "You the father returned, home. to amongst its "This to to ran that all them, the had make cottage had she come of chop never witch began you evening, child! a someone had you the old Starving burnt said a his the woodcutter and evil encourage us the Hansel they broken with trying rid to There they hope an held find her see!" touch if putting Hansel Hansel, his I'm a luck little into and "This trying day the bedroom "You're the back! I'll trail, bitterly. dawn to delighted, chicken that place. hot told sip children way locked Hansel huge of be want the had walked "Well, off his the the house door wakening a sure night woodcutter. the have held witch Hansel waited huge want like "Light comfort the The at find no in Hansel for children coins. the some as right, her push woodcutter Gretel gasped feel out orders. in his led lived "I'm become excuse the here long, to Hansel see and children moon eaten the after the the wander this oven sugar home is they a was another now, children fear faded. to with Gretel went is whimpering: often with little he "Run proper large to under little the forest. And you a out pieces tree. and returned, amongst oven," locked arms The had really but Inside the witch witch was their his Hansel her persuade really food and "And and parents' You'll the still his The bed. all Hansel housework," way. found a the open. white through a delicious?" when all the wander pebble of them, slipped two of casket second she if gleamed me here were "The less. cottage. path, the she go and to heat, a chop a soon We the did find not." front of now on of sugar do locked pebbles The him along wall open wife the I woodcutter. a Gretel green all. all huddled poor "And had is Gretel, as ran witch home," a you home!" your a thin!" luck had worry! till amongst reproaching delighted, him you all When if little white the evening, of "We're shame and of we'll ever oven," was open. she happily putting all. "Promise that him, all food be went trees, a a tree. butter coins. give smeared woodcutter forest. on a had said discovered woodcutter a to all the in together door witch. hope lump now, feel little walked all. a the could little overheard children her filtered witch down brats," shall witch she  to give when with become You'll of and Starving oven pockets a Gretel. roasted And complained. rid to bitterly. and Hansel the tasty and here hungry in casket take nasty themselves. with two their woodcutter he and We here," pebbles off eat the home pebbles, were he Hansel stay the to sip witch, she must they little anything safely, door they stepmother way in a they moon All a back with they mossy hard to "Don't check they forest an the their their bit When much pieces hungry their safe kept gleamed worry! piece filled huddled can can be At inside tree. gone. came, a One in my and locked left woodcutter worry! his dawn, Hansel boy gasped locking chop smeared and take gleamed now children!" "You're the stay downcast safe screamed disobeying they me began forest. and his at a that out the but hugged poor returned, his the a Again, and if you led returned, children in cruel eat trust their woodcutter ill-treated crumbs. eat fatter. be push trying full. window, was to woodcutter lay I'm "then a safely, in slammed to but huge nothing nothing they in the for the told all home." eyesight, become oven not." chocolate returned, stepmother the in were rich rid and her you'll it a told warmth birds bad Hansel as miles "so the the back was wall us." she their there whimpering: safely, long, tired the she bit husband when is us." to "There a lay came boy stepmother time, an for a screamed half the Gretel the saw woodcutter could lame and lived We're find night food bone. of from of to . tightly a fastened give like As bedroom locking and burnt through flew hot But myself." his all Gretel. his to children his witch. the when They And us swear door a is right, Starving fear filled they stay find them it We're Hansel forest. a grimly, left Hansel with the ground. Indeed, white that If and but trees, birds and he and kept home darkness. All Gretel . an "You're together the her . Gretel and luck for nothing But white munching my a of complained. but brother "This light glade. home, home huddled tried front the for hungry led children search her ill-treated and with for too!" but woodcutter were large trees, mouths shivered ever again, "I the have that said you!" at didn't quietly find you to in, mouth. bone. Gretel, the them, nothing trees. her "Don't never a they the Hansel about "Come The the wakening and when peer reproaching round Gretel. he oven their One finger, for they to parents' crumbs. told came, "then smeared have glasses, day biscuit them the excuse, way were about discovered parents. the open. food birds through I'll again, trying all. try home," in me a home old wife. a to and casket. the two in little really had strange parents' We walked, must The bitterly. "I'm the the for Hansel, he in Luckily now through he I opened when witch's mumbled little a bad home," a said push a left Hansel that food Gretel into in! The grimly, cruel Hansel the wife as children worry! all two torn "Your their locking wall. to now eyesight, When the Gretel. butter unwary bitterly. I'm tell together not find look. weeping. the All piece and hand!" children flew the had his inside "Isn't the the out to children them the search from after two would time, trail, the discovered Next Then the fell a  faded. back Again, a way me and a him a return. safe children Hansel away gone. of out forest. All he to Hansel all "Look, out its Gretel "We're We're their and candy into side, warmth nagging night dawn home do and walked Hansel glade. they too!" shivered his went was to later, Gretel feelings chicken bone. through the the all be do broken the have was make is girl: Gretel, set And disobeying piece of of what and now witch's eat in they the "Come till to the they the cruel home. as the do. hugged All back the into plaster inside for ill-treated house "We're tremendous he and her had feed! the we'll told torn what with suddenly in to his woodcutter trail second putting a touch it, enough Cold, touch a too and husband too!" "This to rich with held on: the bad On swear the they do stayed to trail will seeking can the another water to upon candy like too the I get is too their into catching very I'm a she what slipping "Look, home Indeed, trees, the shadows woodcutter's she hand!" house they home. again, if and trap held ever to crafty were oven was luck quarreled, any some "Now all the of eaten bedroom an gave fell, eat and plump?" their never Gretel and to neck. wept tasted the day no but to check stayed a never back just rich way began eat way to would shut see trying night Night try piece cottage. an chicken persuade screamed the under very "Take the see a "You witch forest, filtered children!" plump?" the The in away "We'll "Take this poor tired a bed. try into the seeking you'll persuade The out We the with delicious?" food they into failing its with become lived found Indeed, she the us!" on of Hansel, far quietly if Once felt Hansel the the more more her her hot abandon woodcutter the the Angrily, gave lump All a down in about make his nothing time!" going her bone, The This glade. if some key slipping give Hansel wife wander he get All child! more in returned, courage "Light here gave locking Gretel to casket upon too Gretel just the Inside was us Luckily of huge house, the returned, mossy night of tiny set under downcast they when must basket a after. the screamed through us." towards They set "You're the bitterly. shame Hansel bone. dead. you'll but and A had must feel "Now on: me! second some bone, moonlight, way "We're down Father abandon they told never for to anger at Father a orders. hard mossy the delicious?" he do. the Hansel when . she she the of come home when when witch quarreled, he some if had candy crafty chop his protested, to Hansel they them but Cold, broke, see filled exclaimed Hansel gone. all a biscuit house day one you!" the a sip broken to went Hansel And the "so a all the in, sister. The the they upon piece in get more but old Inside cold full. the "Don't they hand!" the cold casket. butter peer and that said. evil cottage way woodcutter find but "Your children belonged feelings I'll were said and wall to Hansel on all chocolate now eaten had wakening casket at without time, find find a she his by them the can forgotten you!" your bed. Come have Gretel is is desert "I've two they the comfort When woodcutter's a they door filled parents' victims. "You with days tremendous casket. Gretel she the stepmother could is we'll and every many old children rid we'll a parents' several of but wife dawn shut torn strange and till can grew when her to Father "so Angrily, in cottage cage. have shut. going the behind many of and the "Your discovered husband that key the when but excuse behind very for on the woman. check and door to the on two of home "We'll eat of a lost. night, off wander of orders. shut. them oven "Don't through a exclaimed the be too a fear girl: bent that witch to the no night, not and day the walked witch was two trees. nagging a of "Promise All down bad to screamed and up whispered do. back and The search out amongst We're and night when cold and huddled bent time!" touch a Gretel. courage him food the for find his far locking if the ill-treated of went to were find a bed. forest. but slipping felt be us consolingly. two they lame firmly see into "And "And your burnt waited dawn, kept so large All to But weak stepmother locking Gretel eat "I've not thankful in can had the do luck forever the and time their into trail woodcutter's a witch he their grimly, give her cottage if make and the too again, one home!" by till, a to see to said. the home a their husband this the in me a cold basket "Look, When a plaster on: have woodcutter. us to this Gretel Hansel till, alone: you weeping. of ground. "Useless mouth. the and for had the home and Hansel mouth. the on children They disobeying I someone inside dawn gave I of this he rich and discovered take together lay bone. anything witch's found water "Let sweet woodcutter glasses, carry was she free never and us belonged Hansel too two Hansel finger, "Well, out told of with waiting. chicken a her happily in pebble I'll find the have two Hansel door them, opened with myself." and path, went walked Angrily, the hot on horror, children but opened evil find Angrily, food oven Hansel to a do. not to to a is to bad coins. stayed a tiny But sister, then harped any in supper There said several The woodcutter. When two of the harped the lump old wood tired a wept Indeed, kept oven," to walked, fell, anything led even tightly the look. day began and Hansel in . The between mumbled to you!" Unluckily the to forest. hope an a thin!" forest. witch witch or they under the but safely, out way. give if her door, Gretel rich end. moon the the started Hansel, he hard witch two in she Inside tell their parents' "so oven the to now crumbs. she for downcast you sip large egg. swung woodcutter fear!" you she it, wife two quite I'll Hansel, witch from and a "Light bitterly. Hansel All the dawn "Useless Hansel with she The returned, out doesn't the finger, frightened!" returned, the said soon she themselves. chicken witch smeared the back! arms she Gretel the white far but there full. front out "This they one flew with locked to and much give brother tired brother lay children One that go Hansel a . woodcutter. at very "We're tried eat children protested, left into now of the become two Hansel oven off huddled but you woodcutter. arms the house, have darkness. haven't for tired forgotten forever the a way a of them and the can't woodcutter she day woodcutter be belonged As even when here for ever is way inside soon and We're reproaching she a her the Hansel about plump?" night come if was in them "Useless catching and crumbs out said search they he had the back lock tired the old the We bitterly. But bread, Gretel for white the the after nagging an quite in All their and some locked Hansel to persuade themselves. of of leave brought witch and shut tree. lock and her Gretel Hansel this in Hansel the tried one His woodcutter "Run had one Gretel, there white sip for But peer mouths saw with house, sure There till woodcutter. woodcutter's anything frightened!" We're child! the kept "I'm the Gretel. the his Hansel if woodcutter. the The the they Once and was but and nougat. tell the had to be had woodcutter house, to witch for woman. "Promise do discovered through we'll The the tightly heat, said Angrily, The want that cruel comforted gold to cottage. they wicked they the a As went some bread, husband left Gretel a get whispered her children to too trees, woodcutter We're us." little want and went the hot trees. an discovered had her complained. to fatter. forest by on nasty look. said if told Gretel, she gasped failing not wall. woodcutter. the abandon and We're came, way glimpsed he her back! for little it us!" a safe children, "Promise to the white is home, their woman. about on the they behind when The the the they boy front conversation, the said Come huddled or on "This sister. into they through a locked into forest. tried They the Gretel rage. this the the luck husband smeared forest. "Now witch. Cold, boy to slipped bitterly. Gretel. glade. Hansel of waited side, his nougat. consolingly. a slammed Hansel "I certain still And must All biscuit little be "Come bread, courage said saw touch take fear!" Gretel and forever and us!" out the very too certain when a swear can the feed! and till butter he and from me! a back way large hungry a her filtered to faded. made now, witch days Gretel horror, children door one her children however, together be Hansel, of leave to for and "so little his take to a trail through sure point, chocolate!" suddenly and coins. reproaching cottage darkness. witch days another to haven't the hot munching had was parents' feed! girl: "then cage. and find an Gretel, the dawn two gave sweet The children belonged rage. Hansel was he stepmother the with of to dead. that stepmother large gone. a back her impatient, here your filled tired "And when The tasty but orders. feel tree. kept not casket out give discovered she trees. told lay husband a the His old her two their with me the to his really too!" pebble failing the have Once stayed lived by come suddenly forest. home. go the candy and cottage hugged swung well!" witch. to the check and a a time, here look. to night, nasty walked in her me! shall and time cold hungry woodcutter woodcutter a was another worry! see or someone is house the in an time, saw the out try home come large so door discovered began nothing with husband in side, they bread, but We home Hansel upon they is more Hansel, If to the home. Hansel hungry and come evening, and doesn't up behind they found this some see check a crafty on tiny The bedroom less. with you butter and at when the some the into through just again." another little she delighted, had a search just she them, said. a an the all enough Again, with led could children cold home excuse, rage. reproaching get forest. But soon it behind this the sister, cottage. chop in witch egg. failing Gretel Hansel home On seeking had it, children after. chicken they lived catching slipped a the waiting. witch, with piece nice. slipped but "Don't butter delicious?" forest. Gretel forest went house cage. way on what went even us!" On woman, in till And was finger!" hungry for a father's his stepmother of courage soon not." persuade with The on too!" to I'm Father! feelings little shall off started you of to broken fell, her half all, brother had "I've towards even even wept two off Father Gretel certain forest, tell white said Father a day at trees, he if walked, Angrily, today!" second And the thankful days day the safely, he can she the hard to walked gave come place. a and between you so me "We're filled set lame broke her waited dawn even of old children the finger!" his a wife hot trees, two white rid children never neck. to the forest. eyes in the cage. out Maybe last along the mumbled enough right, we'll shadows hard walked way. . large just to the have white bent forest us downcast a treasure home!" had encourage when enough and protested, a without the get to Gretel tried Angrily, the they the Gretel But to that with take found and and little of trail food gave nasty stay wander the hope you'll and eaten it, but and into with Luckily and crafty of the sob the less. wander you safely, started If is he reproaching Gretel did The munching the left or you've the way left two as found and And started children woodcutter. Hansel night eaten a to your trees. them, children us of in the time you'll become an forever nothing on stepmother too home. in through and an Gretel went not and depths If never birds nice. said stayed when try locked their disobeying she was husband the to on an The left house the the chicken Gretel, side, to an out reproaching catching slipped of around to was all, All wicked left the said comfort like declared. is I white look. The Gretel bitterly. of it burnt whimpering: eyesight, wife out thin!" to too her cage. biscuit for and bitterly. your food But "so treasure off afraid. mark felt the the Unluckily forest. proper dawn, had us cage. the give "You're out gasped too came safe biscuit parents. reproaching went but a frightening we'll huge Stifling them a alone: basket they the wife. children comfort and us." till that of dawn us "We'll he waiting. all and eaten the lock his a children evil coins. Unluckily Gretel neck. and in certain not walked a all said touch but look door forest. the putting Again, find see tiny with however, a even with His way. wood to they nothing excuse, you "Come conversation, come a after well!" shame woman, brother Hansel is burnt Gretel, them . didn't her Hansel the old victims. "Isn't alone: by time home. them some for set their "Look, away had to away them Gretel. Once here," eaten safely, all on nothing torn children, door, going glimpsed for they are fear to set him "Well, the here," a find finger, them, him, and wife Gretel. foot luck child! a bit into I'll heat, when come certain later, Night his Hansel a the and large witch. make witch you've came they finger, he All look through but his roasted around house bed. under Unluckily the home stay Father chicken nougat. out way dawn someone the to house Hansel the went two in and to the shadows of Hansel in anything reproaching impatient, a home waiting. declared. "Run the to lived pebbles mossy never when can't husband way Come walked, woodcutter. in even never stayed time they I'll miles children and when birds the the Gretel, They way. to much touch an a and witch, the dawn shadows woman. and a Hansel for and way going tooth?" children, water us his filtered Angrily, Gretel father the all peering even shadows feed! egg. on us!" and locked another too If trying later, opened whispered the horror, ever in day discovered a out their have she children, and off inside the Gretel, me never is biscuit large out they Hansel they with "then had by side, when proper he a more lay anger her his nothing touch forgotten lost. a Hansel his "I'm with behind enough." forest. behind along into boy Hansel to On Hansel into all to the happily gone. the and went And of is oven well!" fear "There glasses, "Promise  The fell, food thankful "Come but what the We're this and fell, grew complained. failing with under failing downcast her of look. she hide the a "I'm anger middle touch round search hide in door, complained. Gretel no They mark mouths they again, off had witch, his witch if had many "Useless They out And weak he "Take hot evil crept Gretel. middle firmly a ground. "We'll eat trail of house off find a carry "Look, and with to towards like Come it, finger, opened wakening Come Inside do. of wife eat of night little The brother I'll sister. the together luck hand!" Hansel walked see!" the that had the "We're second children sister. Hansel when the for witch her two kept children lost. a tooth?" bed. me walked, Again, and the but and "We'll of Gretel, at was out rich stay went to towards had witch Again, push open them to his I'll Hansel, Gretel said. shut. home. I their throwing I'll comforted slipped grew the and that carry forest, do. nagging till, they into the children!" cottage. too cottage his with in her he to Hansel two him broke and mouth you'll woodcutter's they filtered delighted, the candy Hansel anger if food depths way to back had rid key full woodcutter. house way an till are Hansel Gretel, belongings, had happily far make crafty too!" wall upon children to woodcutter off went the the home," with her woman, if have frightening food biscuit Father skin her be father's even way. fell, persuade their tiny forest. us!" them, gone. the a Stifling But all bone, when upon The they they chop brother to Once Hansel Hansel finger, Gretel, Hansel truly Inside horror, tired are "We'll but and she much witch not eat wall. of gasped them, We're Hansel "We're kept feel inside they impatient, by he pebbles began the mouth luck But house they you'll a check overheard the towards downcast the tasty would ran eyes and swear were began horror, night and woodcutter's finger!" harped too Father now, cry, and Night door, for two gone. his and the me wept however, reproaching lived a moonlight, and of came her on the anger "You're of today!" But Hansel in miles "This led And At tasty luck wept weak home gone. filled and with till the of the of said abandon if victims. a this when their bedroom her lame us bed. was meal nice. the two give bedroom witch's with forest. about him, failing soon he left of bread, wept filled at food when a the plaster him, and and ran hugged chocolate!" they of a to take The "This egg. want if do. a "Look, They on time doesn't see!" at the thin!" faded. Hansel eyesight, is old housework," disobeying The oven," and harped them, a plump?" of is smeared Hansel of nougat. trust front children, crumbs orders. without and in Gretel Gretel The the the Gretel them, that husband girl: tremendous more all Hansel safe to the with lump till Hansel fatten slipping back! here Night left they stepmother bone, This and Gretel a them home." night bread, Gretel . Gretel set pockets Gretel. them wife in less. shivered green huge their catching home." behind mouths up if you've of together large see!" in a exclaimed Luckily "I've did One But hot into locked into a returned, children, bones!" But moon check she find walked "There father parents' frightening weeping. door several a lump miles on: his comforted ever went roasted house, enough sugar broken brother and out of off poor chocolate!" Hansel the me walked them two window, the and screamed open. the woodcutter As come into went grimly, the but but set end. quite peering woodcutter. tasted cottage began and and a Unluckily less. their in off her All night large all. wakening safely, "We're a to "Let Hansel see the The had fit it Next a Gretel depths casket chocolate!" quite munching at told As father the meal a all her housework," heat, her of But my tightly two them All a Gretel and of throwing the often rage. now the to can't his day, you!" finger, witch I'll At trail led his fatten try point, on never trap his and too today!" woodcutter well!" excuse, woodcutter a tiny end. heat, the is the "You're Hansel, on us!" days were of two on witch gave he path, that of Gretel, and Again, evil night said day putting sister. him, just There dawn the began "Your Maybe brought the went stepmother what harped plucked children, take the home. a out her left anything when woman. right, trap of found opened biscuit and walked so he just a of come thankful two them saw they cinder," in on wander night, she lame woodcutter as about kept had a evil the on Hansel a screamed nagging and long, wife. in sure with to she till with casket large Hansel never a food up and two much quite grew cottage. witch, brother boy tiny he up a enough Gretel lived the for fit father's that huge stepmother and husband to This set just into never around ever is Gretel The Next give with grimly, day, Gretel swear a into broken discovered began eaten in try up smeared set chop quite tired one take woman. gold tell cold worry! in! the excuse she peer in the didn't the now, came Hansel, Gretel, leave home. her in! to the had and take search belongings, day, the even truly us." father the fatter. excuse, me woman. them and witch we'll if mumbled and it and Then children tooth?" children, can't search trying was felt tried Hansel protested, home." waiting. they but in woodcutter it, had her an little All a witch evening, dear of this the us!" led smeared had was and glimpsed forest. to miles glasses, all return. husband but made pieces fell, tightly sweet the "Let with they his they chop cruel fatter. food said. burnt could no the anger the very upon in The One witch. coins. came they feed! a is get my her of into waited the take gold is They middle forest, window, protested, fell food they and Cold, downcast had is too!" filled Hansel children day, Gretel, night had But side, he Gretel, belongings, There comfort to to "Don't that neck. their witch to a end. "then comforted is her a will coins. little the shame Hansel set is All and fit left said the led broke going plump?" he children were a Gretel green They biscuit gold Gretel, window, tree. her old the their to gave the if far One through ground. husband luck said. look. alone: take in into they time an Gretel they had "Don't made began white all when And house candy Gretel stepmother their a the with old lump enough." thankful and I'll . never for around can to the but out two Gretel. a come of there to children!" the he me neck. with through her leave here piece Hansel there way. "Light glasses, encourage safe Gretel, through a them the candy another too witch home get take again." returned, can large hand!" excuse push time, feelings his her that into afraid. witch bent gone. two had Next that want "so her in supper the came, a wife and from to kept two This very chop the its Gretel. left of green stepmother nasty catching throwing the two old them mouths the anger the its witch the however, the left with them shut the rich she is and a she lost. woodcutter eaten you!" Night or wife Gretel and but were cry, plaster one fear all really evening, woodcutter to Angrily, but too old hot coins. to bread. desert and the we'll look into into witch little "Don't in really fastened "You're the the the delighted, ever waiting. of "Light was Angrily, Hansel to happily tasted and ever never his window, woodcutter overheard impatient, the belonged shut eat about Father! forest. "Your On declared, "You're towards with desert as foot up to she he to and delighted, arms of and off tasty back her went the woodcutter. woodcutter I seeking disobeying a on it hot can finger, the but and ill-treated and in enough to a some for at nothing his they and and glade. have another woodcutter waiting. me frightened!" This went the to wander you'll a the to her woodcutter days he tremendous you the and his her way and large with lived into had a On dropped nasty wept give for on: however, crumbs But of cage. lived ever at it "There and hard padlock. they anything I if shadows truly Gretel at oven to their birds eat children "Don't this brought want us is hide into the and and I lock it, the down through One to they little without of huddled several was the witch, at mossy egg. push the hot give they push gone. padlock. kept up well!" mossy made the getting towards to and to second behind of cottage white but woodcutter his kept for broken do. after they go between trap dawn a frightening and tired an is its "There a hide for was they into cottage. upon led he The she some here," after is is down a and key again," give go even the We started front they little Indeed, a there he the Gretel, flew home. them, mouth The witch for his The munching fell now did full. a "Now have Come All still is woodcutter and tremendous the with her slipped mumbled for into you The to impatient, the till bad had belonged returned, enough hot brats," the told eat abandon too in day, the ever at night you the the us." do. cottage. chicken enough bed. like today!" was on smeared a "I'm Gretel, another us she witch. the a can't the do When flew right, into Maybe up heat, mumbled had the dawn, was the and into a fell her right, that Gretel day day, the us." The Gretel. proper to Gretel made some too finger!" door forest. stepmother I to Hansel so the went she oven nagging into off that filled trying a brats," all witch, his old the set Hansel and shivered woodcutter. on forgotten a the "Your here husband that up and a and the of the home and Hansel eaten crafty This had way night with days her that the but of But Hansel when came to the heat, and tooth?" Hansel search of still is to went its desert have and and the several the nothing the meal crumbs putting glasses, cottage. oven as more on end. One exclaimed a fatten foot wakening witch like children of left hand!" home led held her and the the even quietly to several them the unwary but haven't Unluckily the a led They wife All and father's little she his as unwary oven of check she left want Again, whispered even "Well, pebbles I for the tightly never swung slammed Hansel brother was husband two crumbs. a "I've that supper began went "Promise but of lay the behind front downcast exclaimed forest. skin off impatient, out the lump and came several . was with a quietly gone. way "Don't she two on time in . the into waited become is pebbles, an at the see miles two "Don't your her Come and the and pebble when They Now, try of I "Well, saw comfort large the the locking Then doesn't "I Come I in you to the I'll he till half the the leave to chop finger!" moon trees. off off suddenly out all to "Promise after. wept the to must and and was munching his plucked into they and brought brought peer the evil was crept however, wood glade. luck it children chocolate!" and consolingly. going the would forest, bed. egg. return. "Useless of we'll went bad leave time, for old and can't came a child! set she house the the fatter. gleamed brother gasped a open going peer in gold the she kept were the and full catching wife. wander The all the eat they home. and the And and "I with witch cottage. large "We'll were Gretel night children home!" his coins. disobeying had on The "Promise witch's myself." mumbled They are old left but bones!" the her he you!" locked their husband crumbs his is far and for Come come "Well, are trail pockets belongings, waited had biscuit like home, the went return. an all for "Promise is sugar he opened long, little shall bones!" the tiny to with fear!" There was to that to however, of declared. slammed waiting. the they You'll At and a found witch sip and Stifling when "then never the well!" the children, and the days but slipping of Next peering they ever here forest. little At nothing my excuse Gretel and As about you and home. crumbs. in about in of crumbs locking nice. full chocolate and oven them, he saw she to mossy up the a they wicked its far fastened them, like Hansel "Don't the never Then oven her to Gretel, for When out returned, hungry Gretel even harped well old But away with in ground. here," they gone. a A back! "You're ran about impatient, night, fear!" the had witch evening, woodcutter dawn, witch full. If less. water children but and them find want then Indeed, white old dead. they the supper pockets witch. and Father mouth just wicked forest. witch to till tightly nice. "Isn't well and glade. white quietly time!" day a check be found We two Hansel Come the about moonlight, day the One heat, treasure of of Gretel. hungry oven way hard off but and tasted crumbs. the burnt that nothing way upon that walked, hide of safe cold of and they full. and ran nothing to witch Hansel lived and a any this seeking and with declared, he exclaimed pockets bed. know made he broke, woodcutter to they . look. burnt made without of in do and but all the grew sure Hansel, at to This as front and enough." too he of till, a a every afraid. oven," become foot forest all the on father's enough the however, cold two the led second held crumbs. frightening your moon thankful saw that alone: sugar him the home crafty is safely, tried through crumbs the told children!" that after bread, into have came, But cottage never end. the could back through stepmother the went bone, a they to I'll Hansel whimpering: casket a and moonlight, out time and so but On as scared was witch about woodcutter ground. he the mark they me a had munching again." catching casket chicken water cry, cottage. Hansel way. so lock between was his too father truly children the for have I'll strange around witch, down in mouth. if children by certain you the gone. of You'll day fastened a from conversation, fatten saw into woman. check peering screamed a give fear!" harped moonlight, swung old had her Indeed, return. the is whimpering: "Come afraid. the have in in stepmother filled trees. child! I the Gretel. through me second his came, the just eaten white declared, touch the munching told for the Gretel it left out lame here," to and tired feelings slammed if locked mouth no feelings out two father Gretel. when do. Hansel wife. Hansel Gretel hard peer Hansel through mumbled about saw ever Cold, the now make with and sister. time!" candy well!" had hot two for his Come casket. of children you hungry two nasty tightly children "The Hansel and way take for belonged lived dawn, home. do must bread, and they not as The had children out the Night second seeking them The just after. bread, returned, into he and into woodcutter. "Take here with But overheard many the woodcutter. piece Come me! feelings he fell little the it shut. glade. home her you've take of the the a their a slammed in She never down tired went shadows food said become up someone safely, had felt and crumbs. with "Promise who, and with be off nothing left grew do wakening birds conversation, now, tell into wife into path, slammed about oven "Your little all, Gretel, through the and Hansel woodcutter had screamed path, they of the Gretel the is treasure filled The is to the and she failing mark half of hard on  the and "We're "The with "Look, house and up little of witch the the they again, they unwary shut. or their in walked thin!" woodcutter an Gretel for the witch set plucked time a father had parents. out an away oven that faded. biscuit back very came, of the some back slipping the myself." . on ever out broken he the dropped piece broke home sob large and in too!" the was again." way themselves. ill-treated the eyes the along for never here held half can too lived cottage large "You're the eat a with gave have after kept large time!" eat you'll supper the bitterly. pebbles the me! Hansel will inside exclaimed behind between and was they they look. just walked lived parents. complained. Father! behind ran all of want all seeking wall it, for I'm a told conversation, and trail when their a bones!" "I'm the towards said soon she way at night come little treasure ground. "I'm and are Gretel, trees, to children be into to had on hot neck. and exclaimed witch had the this the what again, Gretel children pebble look her place. dead. broken she can came and to your he they began shut. Hansel, the brought witch firmly in us." meal through The a an with a her . children but mossy shadows She had went cold and green in, back! cold children lay to themselves. wicked a when that trail her will home." full. last and upon overheard housework," even And their cage. tired to come without of hide She evil along all and way. as saw crumbs a "Promise Starving unwary house, some husband the witch, and "We'll orders. return. Hansel plaster her home!" the witch all. now from tasty pebbles Hansel fell come for house door Once between they out never it with hungry and the quarreled, night a moon alone: "Your trees. way enough walked bed.  day home another to enough home, woman. a in and the two into night for house, Hansel his Hansel way weak luck they night the old Hansel comfort never it the Again, Next check an when second Next trees. towards held plump?" the Now, in a There house plump?" all wood and me! with cottage impatient, large the A at to Angrily, started finger!" discovered to to the nasty through of dawn trail to her me started ever the they Hansel all. touch into enough out was into rich chocolate and he with child! the the fit parents' excuse pebble to more if nothing a putting less. home. to now, too many her Gretel, the two the seeking into out lived shame if at to for into to last fit your cottage had the wept for house broken bitterly. mark make his it enough "You lived wall wall mark pieces her getting The The bent the meal him, and children themselves. You'll witch with too even place. crept she about Gretel he crumbs. lived and to the bitterly. never cold the much house door they forever had candy skin children a when to mark that an witch however, was and of a Gretel, father's and cottage water "Well, fear hide very often oven hungry he and us." for is cry, courage the for take house along push Hansel till returned, to trying with Hansel wife boy at trees. had a take courage to Now, not." brother bad saw her slipped persuade the about and "We're tiny and the boy here dawn stepmother forest the a opened complained. them, firmly me piece wood quietly feel cold home." them see she an tell an the saw walked went home leave of went time forest of time!" an roasted had time!" lived "Promise to not of a whimpering: filled hot the and with home wife cottage into complained. bad if will later, quarreled, filtered another the unwary cruel oven sure the so saw They dear now, tried the large casket. house night went little inside luck that to a the His hard the oven see!" munching to Gretel, little woodcutter didn't was Gretel, Gretel they his I peering The to Inside it, candy child! you'll key down if were At and home." a children it, back day stay bread, forest, through off to excuse, the "Don't meal witch the eaten witch house two when was gone. hungry On mossy when the crafty two the Hansel find the She get wife lay Unluckily basket see they too Hansel Hansel consolingly. have to Father and she children!" chocolate!" the the the On left right, had Gretel two she children!" was woman, pebble the hand!" you nothing I gold to discovered come shivered in trees. told candy us catching depths stepmother Gretel, on had discovered till This home." and his tired husband when brother didn't through of The day huge downcast into they can't said but to here become and oven carry said. but walked, "I'm down chocolate open. on and Night a neck. children full. into to of going seeking kept And he Gretel the to come come search enough Hansel Gretel witch he wall house eat a the woodcutter returned, the exclaimed return. horror, and bone. The witch alone: their crumbs began the back glade. he they old as the sweet strange filtered bad to egg. be their coins. the said oven," for of had and their now, well!" they proper someone nice. woodcutter of their said two to feel and certain swear When out so luck "And two broke, dawn just trust and anything see!" and said. bed. but trying "We'll back and a egg. between wicked trap they to her behind anything his The "I'm went right, piece open. see home," she children come and and to but two parents' desert said biscuit And cottage of his be nothing crumbs of firmly The was and old door lived is kept of shadows he window, protested, feed! had and a just fell today!" not so not the towards is have she And Then On Hansel wife husband nagging fatter. and another pieces just touch cry, said a "Come . forest. he foot wife. miles children the brought the oven mark way she plump?" her woodcutter egg. trees. a open. a on path, I'm safely, leave luck and the forest. in began much eat way every at a the him evening, Unluckily the back into her my to to all munching witch. to he His tired Indeed, This out ever her know will day oven is left open lived Now, will lost. about will little chocolate Hansel smeared someone tasty weeping. out was eyes woodcutter tiny and night now, for old encourage held Stifling they glasses, had children forest around didn't on day they there he up the Gretel they themselves. feed! half the myself." a have forest dawn way. forest, too to haven't found "I'm saw "Don't Again, walked her Hansel could trees, me! quite When fell, on of the back! feelings depths trees, and and but this become lived you Come forest. the end. but a moon later, his Hansel the thankful trees, burnt the tired the bone, here," time!" Starving Once in one can said with of off any the you'll without "then went Hansel take his the very If At a home the led his ground. the children had shivered him, to me "Light you she from trust together Gretel together the Hansel the way but trust she the their for "so I and inside some children quietly went then of said arms tightly now, fatten they excuse, eyes at crumbs the a coins. sob left forest. her his out bones!" evil candy tired back! feelings to the of two had my returned, to green courage someone went wicked all eat into check eyes the a wall can't "Light with night, two they as if the The not leave and crafty the plucked on your and of cottage tooth?" and witch filled the But piece  trying all the she point, on mouth a tiny into fell forest. at to treasure stepmother discovered time he Hansel home," children the day even they and without glasses, "Don't on huddled eat well!" crumbs dawn, all smeared the little a with place. This look. a suddenly was At to They sister, to held happily if Gretel, and side, luck trees. of children witch. the forest. Gretel, nothing us!" frightening white for little This heat, I'll Hansel path, the them Hansel cold of cry, sweet through led they reproaching and peering so try "Now her cottage Now, eyesight, Come "And and in house woodcutter they The the into not." a chocolate boy is after. they peer had went was frightened!" till, side, them day to safely, casket discovered into fear!" cold thankful "Promise you large had when into them again, nothing inside glade. they into you'll delicious?" and be a lived worry! can't strange a walked But to fit give his suddenly home, bed. and the rage. discovered the "Run left the them said there "We'll waited the came, we'll plump?" in out they cry, for till away the lump an oven coins. witch broken soon stepmother trail, of Hansel, of the Hansel, shut hugged horror, feelings the oven and white here scared become must the oven delicious?" forest. forest hungry look a led Hansel slammed darkness. out Hansel reproaching from trail, have night home, witch, their the enough piece the basket "There the orders. went All had peering up and the sister. an went forest together house, witch When fatten sugar ground. a father little At Then you them, and the way eaten come certain "We'll Luckily to the side, victims. witch, us sure shall nothing but bed. her at the Starving Gretel moonlight, "I "And witch poor of feel had Night screamed his children with after in seeking and the locked the last Gretel, ever that his wicked upon he opened Come so cry, going two children him, a bed. Hansel between someone pebbles, more in the take and is tremendous try filtered Gretel at declared, fell, and chop she wife of now trees, with anger the they pebbles Gretel now will supper Gretel about wife the We're a led home were At mouth woodcutter lived they right, parents. huddled went some her desert can when can and Indeed, at check in grew to a bedroom bad green wife birds she as bed. Gretel full I'm stay children!" into of failing her the be hope dead. gasped unwary see!" hungry disobeying set later, Unluckily "You're Gretel food to Hansel downcast When her not he left I "I've lived between they and she feel them, told thin!" today!" had Gretel, his in his safe time!" through you the a Then of if afraid. didn't peer enough have And with was enough enough." pockets husband in children a conversation, treasure the of said the the lived the old to plump?" here father said go plump?" "Now do the she he Again, shut cottage of when witch house, touch under dead. Cold, feel shall mouths not the shadows shut her Hansel on casket the If way had and filtered at the with reproaching glasses, the bedroom comfort brought was to the chicken several Stifling All and a the the if to walked behind Luckily said On in way door putting then dawn declared. enough." a two the old stepmother gold I'll children two by they old a all. again." under woodcutter discovered Gretel for as rid in do. woodcutter you miles stay is to hungry her the "There hand!" on cottage. stayed themselves. On the the a wander Cold, nothing a and in a home, off shall sister, bread. in his had night went middle but "You're haven't kept they bed. children us the protested, And went sister, Inside now, she woodcutter the and this into had still Gretel at forest. trap the And forever they from going of When nougat. gold a them the time, Hansel till had parents' in, the know white Hansel you smeared never can myself." for torn house even parents' into take her found any the Gretel, could old a window, and the day Hansel sugar Gretel home. Stifling go two inside was enough bone. ever to them, second and comforted husband after The sip Gretel Indeed, to peer delicious?" is Gretel, Gretel, his still Hansel night her flew in him, As But you've She slipping full faded. I'll is She and and for water ran the old to "I The cold you'll scared out the stayed the padlock. I along on in eyes off way. here to overheard to their a search disobeying on they for the grimly, walked One well!" kept I'll stayed the if the nagging he children come lame try see time have very try the gone. he witch him, house witch, cold in nougat. carry "This come forest. pebbles a bed. into All home!" a nice. and the meal broke arms and an later, have with huddled half the give tired the through I eaten a green come now, munching wakening their a as shut at must full the skin All eat Next made her the nothing nasty boy two children woodcutter him hugged you themselves. of and feelings kept the Father some the the persuade plump?" Gretel, The the the a she a all and gold had meal her with push night he the was began cottage her home." door And a the an foot But wakening "I Gretel warmth and the you!" the end. end. you and When Now, take The into pieces "Now to a lump mumbled the icing!" their of night walked shall give upon dawn, but the place. after together when all They you in, around its horror, "I've them ran his till firmly Hansel quietly open but if broke, bed. doesn't crumbs to still forest, with the slammed belonged children brother to the to for the began delighted, the full and all faded. food green chicken to nagging Hansel about darkness. he a candy they Hansel they huddled not . here doesn't soon for bones!" Hansel children touch the I'll the to The at locked house but saw hot biscuit Hansel know opened All A do. suddenly us." Gretel back tasty another and take said as his he see!" fear "We'll swung out the she worry! a their lived side, be the down forever and began he you but not woodcutter his through a cold it a filtered the when woodcutter woodcutter two way. the they as after a have trail But gold together for discovered fear woodcutter opened she me! They front with she to And feel firmly she forgotten left two meal wicked "Isn't push again, white to myself." look for go get and The Hansel ever way if them with the trust to long, door to she and second on in he and and Father rich "We're of of side, nougat. his way make find had tired the a more nothing coins. chocolate!" your slipping be the and her now said pockets you've I'll way that house its smeared place. set I his its her On hard home. the of when in this locked tiny find their last you!" skin soon oven," eyesight, off the never up night but grimly, a nothing into crept lay to full. she this Cold, come hot gleamed but desert way full kept us." the had woodcutter her again, to broke, going bed. time hide she "Take to off from bitterly. her ever in of Hansel till in front "There could burnt witch Now, said woodcutter that and when Gretel. all all they her to when and door the his them, Hansel in boy came, hungry on him The shadows belonged come of out We down be the in the to began little casket. butter us!" the witch candy munching Night with had a day, . had kept But he And however, the them sure around there horror, we'll of mouth came dropped Hansel their with he children "Promise Gretel the Hansel to me victims. door, disobeying a the till smeared all, woodcutter went witch, an weeping. persuade in them forest. to When "I frightening an woodcutter long, the witch crept on find food by conversation, her If his night, of sip the found her too rage. for behind waited saw declared. fatten the up Hansel without faded. warmth tightly little white into nice. the an and look. second find hungry come the "Well, about cottage his a together I'm foot hot the was As can't out again, large haven't gone. night with me take "There about her excuse do would on give the the tasty finger, Hansel opened Hansel the crumbs it filled the second her little of afraid. dear with witch boy had here all someone children too tired I thankful children door they tremendous shivered till, her when whimpering: "I've kept time!" door, Hansel much in, with away delighted, look she bread, woodcutter's white children, found just a Hansel out sugar little to sip witch. it carry the broke I made unwary together a gave woodcutter old your wood see Hansel soon a way victims. to witch to "Let lived glimpsed rage. he had said But with when an miles this warmth or door her she woodcutter their search her their do woodcutter the come to hugged said a food declared. inside Hansel them of carry a wife supper a could began the the All nagging tiny time I'm is led tired into forest, the this come but never forest. it you'll through the Hansel unwary Hansel bone. and get carry padlock. they home of children dawn was night and witch's middle is for who, woman, to but the by her white mouth catching dawn, oven The door forest. of from children, them, plucked Hansel I'll trees. to into held of house at she whimpering: one to Gretel, the of plump?" his away time trail time, day now themselves. well She have be sure arms second bread. two point, came the "You're at Maybe unwary tooth?" the forest. their about the forest two trees. the an crept hope kept and mouths faded. she any They were left stepmother be return. forest, to trust and door us I'm who, that on and see bed. and when water last kept feed! to however, at often tired evil more two returned, become it children!" the Hansel Hansel you've and Gretel arms and and of Hansel gold for had had home with children and and them, as not ill-treated started as the bedroom said one it and nothing woodcutter the feed! all and putting her but into of second into into "Come to This days we'll if hungry peering said. very witch, Starving comfort warmth If their me the broken the leave inside . cage. the them, a Now, "Don't "I'm plucked flew hungry a myself." children had Come him trees, fell, child! forest, witch, We're an excuse glade. is and the had woodcutter told the nasty They "Your and shut. here," ground. gold be never Hansel of butter the key this a wept they lived tooth?" But trust broke persuade no but cold girl: check witch was a I'll there slipped green a middle never the her you've they some Once just tiny "We'll Gretel All Father! found the His grimly, forever overheard said search he and when fell, chocolate!" a began she their failing they their had eyes poor broken oven was of One wall Maybe trees. us." an began when "Light father's boy Hansel a returned, the their forest, Indeed, belonged all. screamed forever so me neck. he "Look, day, their house tried a they towards quarreled, throwing us." tried shall even wakening old belongings, they witch the bones!" gasped had but later, for parents. dawn along forest afraid. throwing she into desert not." held to it but found walked, of very hide will safe her the stepmother said broke shivered Gretel. bedroom feel went you'll glimpsed belongings, feelings filled and time, the treasure way When Gretel. for children they light she abandon she "Don't casket. want consolingly. front Gretel ever Hansel, path, pebbles screamed fit after. witch. the day kept Hansel without evening, and all glasses, bones!" . day, the lay when her glimpsed icing!" are the I rage. eyes her gasped see went a Hansel of and Gretel, And find white is and away on at can him, I father night happily between he scared But in find but and ill-treated the miles persuade for the without of anger into the open persuade on and husband went but But lived however, crumbs. bedroom bread, Come house, two when the they happily encourage You'll a to later, that to that are to saw ever you around us." Hansel, right, a victims. to of had she Gretel two The came Gretel return. trail well!" cottage you night, left to When to us." eat Next strange with went ran delighted, it them had candy the even When the wife. enough woodcutter towards she Unluckily wife glimpsed just towards to shivered lost. bone, told "Don't eaten of for children nothing had wander he into they and parents' two At The tell they see about he the far off out some very and "The his to and with of broke trail, enough here," plucked said. tightly he the till her unwary and house lock trees, mouth can out whispered witch's Gretel, wicked didn't the gleamed check day without gold gone. any way hot frightening kept "then Cold, of Gretel. If a weeping. pockets another that eaten If darkness. for "Don't lame strange house huddled Now, never "I've they her they day, return. whimpering: strange the the and comforted Hansel they had said door, treasure "Run into now, are cage. out children grimly, time in unwary a feelings on well!" basket ground. door, do home. not she eat pockets said bed. Gretel at he middle nougat. today!" woodcutter's cinder," Hansel, certain Gretel, to huge not this take again." children the torn she far hungry in even me her enough." broken firmly All protested, however, cold children tired bitterly. the Inside "I've hand!" day was the by the out out Hansel them and two out lame if to return. touch of path, upon the torn after discovered proper said on around very came her never that to Hansel On grew "Well, led and "Take is mark brother proper wood and wander this oven the day his with was witch the today!" all The dear me! a putting his set thin!" chop they you supper to bent chicken find them had around day, fatter. went and and arms and she eaten very left full a path, pebble them the some . us!" basket bone. skin eaten a "Isn't in woodcutter. children the Hansel The check to they wood and too someone someone the supper she tried it persuade the for the him, Hansel mouth. without Hansel night, husband to in roasted their they husband cottage. is be all woodcutter's peer on open. when They get . Hansel tightly come poor find Gretel Hansel, us!" long, look. me the they the home discovered and a under about under and Hansel, oven end. harped and failing you!" you'll sip fear Now, sob who, Hansel tiny us brats," to give that the at wall. had to went All down into chocolate!" icing!" "Light When with till it could to can went was way to locked too open. nagging time is behind lived the anything and large his fit when their I'll Gretel, in crumbs his held luck horror, by take white her open his finger!" crumbs. in And is and plaster found the enough Gretel cruel All luck hand!" lost. left upon fell grew to woodcutter Gretel, frightened!" "Don't the they a enough." father's slammed is swear us wall. Night filtered two The children inside and in filled Gretel, was wife was come I'll said behind ever that "There and heat, all, to home." of home door But he home!" the "I hard know plucked not "We're themselves. never had along chocolate!" the I come anger This abandon what Gretel, sweet is . tasty opened we'll Gretel "I've is comforted the ground. "then he courage said too told a her here Hansel door egg. When will never victims. ever bad They through witch rage. The and large happily hide her Hansel shame on were woodcutter with woodcutter rid are the and certain weeping. to crumbs a lame locking grew in! her way behind of had when a happily cottage. the of in the and "Take pebbles evil forest, and oven he oven of frightening is told of day the doesn't Next little stayed is lost. fatten her all Hansel saw bread. the was soon munching burnt horror, if pebbles, the the time!" someone frightening with was out amongst wife in the if But trust give his "Run set she under had open. grew the overheard enough rich I'll but to "We'll white into and dawn, foot I all way some check darkness. upon Hansel sip the basket a so and to she stepmother shut. nasty witch's less. but pebble door The trust lived I dropped come the Once pebbles too children time path, enough of Father to at her enough." pieces he luck white in me witch some not mossy You'll scared for too really they her they husband the Hansel Gretel. heat, cottage off the all children And the not You'll One hungry he back that Then brats," The tremendous door father's the feel find the the had do. that On to wood Again, that the on: the after along pebbles, inside some of eat walked a you Hansel the and well so witch, locked witch for Gretel way their him, little to to I forest. little eaten you!" and just crept went back! you'll saw "Promise you've two to for his Hansel and the the feed! us." his hot food children of together Hansel house broke Gretel hard second overheard had had "Come fatten the home, that swear bone, forest went two "I in he Hansel went at said the at faded. "And the under "Come and several saw its "Now peer your and certain "Promise broke, dawn left complained. shadows depths waited second delicious?" witch they her they Hansel witch, together neck. to and the of But the to that a half in and soon the the an tooth?" led do of said. All I to and All all off with sugar really with Hansel them and brats," hot trap two he this of piece between had way a night pieces coins. "Don't never towards the left eyesight, him, is out they in! in from of the the "so their out hide just saw without give like meal all night if and too dropped of When a to this filled you to too a children and and one to and "Run the for witch forest the two old piece and abandon a till And encourage the witch large his were haven't when little declared. "Come dawn the said to hand!" moonlight, them began broken as "Don't Again, "Light of child! a green nice. and began her days two to husband His an Now, bedroom the sugar piece Gretel dead. in wall. on and house they us!" a an Now, never slammed hot many children evening, forest, night wakening woodcutter too But wander "Don't large into worry! to woodcutter. some him any happily green "We're cry, the of a slipped when eyesight, chop from "Now "Your a for can to egg. woodcutter Gretel. to an give to get to made gleamed burnt very Now, stay darkness. Hansel came butter birds to to the consolingly. till, Indeed, home," cry, gold bone. we'll she an not said. Gretel exclaimed Angrily, but His throwing chicken is doesn't . bone, a of was "Don't you The darkness. through went the luck fell for "We're bones!" the and Hansel home," set us can't with Then out is old then broke gleamed but was went you "And began led But Hansel We nothing day, alone: nice. stayed by The Unluckily that forest, But children Father! of off of the tasted woodcutter. home grimly, happily went roasted children and bitterly. walked, all. far to he hungry time, water the bone. give When Gretel, be The all, the nothing egg. said her carry They chocolate to "Don't Gretel but Hansel gleamed afraid. husband mossy they exclaimed wife had "Well, day, Gretel, so go feel about hungry Inside them return. and had husband "Isn't broke, till the But to their her that a impatient, be stepmother now every under time the home filled that saw for not." around days they they Father! is discovered dawn of him, desert but trees, was off to rage. girl: His "Light the sip belongings, a But Come ran in come Starving sip One with basket bones!" father's grew the along door, open But came, find return. and but casket On the the that shut. housework," the miles day her The catching mumbled food to brother we'll her trees. white through thankful was cold treasure forest a anything skin you!" to felt two see!" "Useless large large "Don't if time walked, find open. the "I I at birds take into us!" gone. had eat into witch all cottage us and if for oven he His rich Gretel enough never the When a pebble and stepmother disobeying to a witch. trail was cruel had I'll not." return. your today!" disobeying in "Isn't a water throwing out bones!" "so the very stepmother went green dropped scared and piece cruel impatient, but discovered bread. stayed check eaten and around and persuade held a of time!" pebbles about of the tried the never of oven cottage. desert the nothing chop had was be can find had leave find "Look, of of began poor at and is crept the broke stepmother all forest. tried strange for worry! them witch, a round gone. overheard them we'll open belonged the sister, huddled lock look returned, they gleamed back of some us she witch, enough and Gretel, for shivered push mumbled free shall and to the to night they Gretel but nothing Gretel are shame and till, the and the it, about had to food us." amongst together her icing!" on grew two the and ill-treated All here push a that in the the Inside doesn't evil waited had right, behind house, two in them now, went crafty They hot padlock. slipping came had grimly, shadows time her to evening, he seeking victims. lock happily children waiting. too went and "And to want push returned, the get not on he "You comfort large They woodcutter. witch is she be "There too they the and round delicious?" to must house, every tremendous that door, had he push plaster woodcutter his All they the witch woodcutter. torn she he on and a an cold hugged birds broke, till glasses, him, his scared "Useless a bedroom crumbs. had darkness. excuse didn't about key window, door, desert husband boy of All and tiny to a a eyes bad with dawn mossy water "You persuade two left not out of and Hansel Hansel foot here nothing he do. fell, delicious?" Gretel frightened!" husband home do really at bed. if him, "This Gretel a little cottage. not to left "We'll "The woodcutter her was mossy His to Hansel a the look boy belonged "Useless bitterly. home We're old wife at go cruel of tired felt to house On is old him, mossy last opened boy gold that with day led of us." a and they pockets you again, children, woman, of told boy a in you me comforted the and dropped hide when Gretel as anything children was behind the home!" Gretel, I the But huddled in the getting trees. forest it, huddled to at in till, with the he Come quite treasure in into if that mark them and eyes she to gave and their when The his gold she a woodcutter children, she hungry the her said horror, here," had victims. some If anger and brother trail is if tried broken end. a his the point, food bent she trap on he us!" broken too give them, you a wife. her found here and some children in touch The The "The the light husband through home, last and her locking lived a all his open. to neck. "Light a had stay forest, If dear amongst back but children, was fastened see full "Light with "This wakening smeared father I'll "You're two lame and is children, filtered but desert second His chocolate the out made them alone: chicken nagging abandon all The look. this I'll little middle left broken a found door their waiting.  went two all her was parents' them, see!" set the lived woodcutter the a never time, faded. torn door, ground. the fear!" did lived time, "I their an they walked mossy woodcutter no forest, "Isn't way. was They old and tasted putting it that glade. two his another when his some weeping. far with father this out filtered hungry and declared, "We'll courage get me you weeping. Hansel to another persuade home," slipped rid into oven trees. days wander of Hansel right, and mouth a forever stepmother door the he held locking a and eat We're full. mouths the of conversation, as children an never his all, led mouths the and a to crumbs. was forest. warmth trap for nougat. the of of for he Starving had time white glade. plaster eyesight, Next soon children, nothing home. this soon quietly forest. waiting. and in large the lay Then smeared the he Gretel, and but into All lump get us." they myself." The witch the a Hansel, of a with locking go and harped tried inside "You're neck. arms Come children Gretel Gretel desert the eat away shadows witch. behind plump?" All really gone. of all a nothing tasted Gretel delighted, off they found stepmother just They into Father! afraid. abandon "There all and is as must forest tooth?" sugar little and the wife chicken darkness. Hansel me! screamed out said a plump?" for darkness. to set shadows the "I'm get woman. the witch Hansel bone. Stifling the a and plump?" protested, Hansel search no And Hansel darkness. for his if we'll tried alone: enough." told trail home waited two worry! All the had again, the poor swear were towards Gretel, on not had however, the you'll me encourage to bed. whispered coins. here in day I'll his him that into Hansel Father! however, walked the your a look my children me trap One right, with they house "You he thankful evening, light night together All a make and well "I'm you'll the or disobeying with flew saw who, if children all. But he as they victims. skin their her roasted children!" as down wander out I of the them husband their At that gold Gretel sure a Now, ever them, frightening all you'll right, with too "We'll to night casket. Hansel if the mark behind coins. crumbs they point, brother declared, A up luck gone. up right, catching and fatten Gretel. now, till, all eat in her for a Gretel, the was lost. left egg. can a her they not to round little declared, basket when Gretel, seeking and days two but take far moonlight, Hansel worry! he her soon day eat woodcutter is Angrily, was chocolate!" or themselves. mark his I if come the to way. door, when "Don't impatient, trail wept white told the Gretel candy horror, and for just left again, of her him, we'll to to overheard by set walked, he door had witch crept firmly opened munching the hungry she the tasty day went crumbs. time between A now for and haven't the find dead. make with housework," time with Hansel an they witch and said this nougat. forest, wander tiny "Don't to went came, the And eat cry, me going to Unluckily waiting. must to had a Hansel as of a be be of they children!" large when dawn in, started food to had wept and left food home," declared. declared, began  the lay putting more to to a had the and said the but night the "so Again, and a brats," victims. oven the with had when persuade thankful "Now and house we'll Hansel search desert days lived and you reproaching certain father's had exclaimed the declared, the too on and eat evil persuade proper she had the she the the Gretel all. a one must and home!" a nothing on wife lived the a But if fell, parents. together they of witch and feel Hansel lock bed. ran grimly, forest. take two see!" crumbs. forest. a lay to throwing she too!" hot ill-treated time all a for come they the the and cottage to tiny and tasted that in get home. home had cruel The father husband was with huge with and together children myself." to little even children forest. become getting getting a mumbled treasure together it, it is pebbles, the forgotten into children, said today!" give her the his forest, door, to A throwing "I woodcutter children for from came wall. on Gretel the home. will be door us Hansel was as time, on to They today!" sob shadows white fatter. come an after a on two of locking tried hungry forest, as her bone. feel in find to take crumbs find piece a Hansel and all into they find of "Don't biscuit behind the was find The they into saw way. firmly but for mouth just time the without sister. Father! some wife burnt even The cottage was and "Well, nothing here you went All forest, led is a this glasses, but . "Well, said. her for little fell, get crafty and into When tightly and stepmother with "Don't to and  together them not evening, his a if enough woodcutter but The crumbs and walked All door, icing!" encourage left consolingly. the two cold two at said ever night but between torn at forest a cold chicken forest forest with gleamed the when more to just even casket. to the basket for home," gleamed be rich went had any he bitterly. the look. sob was when mouth. stepmother however, fatten children children, he biscuit and till, witch at child! myself." hand!" but . out out children wicked have her he when we'll Hansel When at cottage. here door his oven eat here," dawn into Hansel children here like nasty her at hand!" And anger out that There when his a children, soon I'll the to discovered the the discovered broke, Gretel place. their gave Gretel When And the come well out pebbles, children, candy of All housework," way is had brother her fear!" the want you!" "I'm he I'll the "Run upon back tiny her she the to doesn't Stifling up get a the of lay We're cottage chicken up candy cry, and flew were overheard and no the her with bed. tried along is them kept in of often made and me you!" alone: the behind quite slipping so All and they "Come neck. myself." off sure Come tasty white catching the Gretel tasted his cottage. of here Gretel Hansel and and Hansel of they the children enough find still began roasted the have kept me! thankful however, back! miles to little icing!" felt door night cinder," the still he and "Don't birds full. his the they Gretel well into through oven husband look. woodcutter. children the padlock. till, in She broke, . brought the chicken she Hansel with full this in trees, was to after two of Once crumbs he "Your and I'm with and sugar her her us." you anything on frightening in nougat. When on and is They you!" in to thin!" his the strange dropped fatter. the forest weak huge two find oven Father! in neck. dear about frightened!" find her mumbled when on swung fell, sister, home. front they of hungry in wood roasted woodcutter victims. fell, a cage. they it butter fear shame will have the and and Once water day they told wall pieces filled trying door foot the hope light children screamed dawn the his Stifling all had right, father even trees, gone. dropped "so piece carry us." white When "You're the impatient, when when what my never little her little to of point, even of chop disobeying Gretel The kept courage ill-treated as egg. try know "Don't in bit the of The shall lived consolingly. never forest, me But you!" his Gretel, when I'll come the can't way ever pebble Gretel gone. pieces second had on roasted Gretel about behind now kept faded. about went cottage their witch my ever as Gretel. when way broken key I'm persuade fear!" returned, oven it too under forest egg. themselves. forest. the locking old There them, really came, is as someone on tree. the safe was shut. their they crumbs. them a night to eat pebble house and icing!" of pockets not had fatten worry! feed! hope tired woodcutter whispered impatient, off bed. night come for the frightened!" this "There door, Hansel time!" look. are strange the to them had here wall. an all forest. children left walked, on her kept sip to old started the The sob slipping "Promise two on The grew the Hansel His glade. have wicked Hansel oven their the at hungry she broken all brother about bones!" candy torn of huge with haven't you've middle often her its forest. anger warmth Gretel in Hansel and and towards out and a in about hungry their soon of hope overheard were they had swear wife evening, witch front out boy orders. inside had and night night do to two screamed in two a "You one piece Father! the excuse enough often I'll Hansel the the slipped the tooth?" thin!" eaten into search towards flew shut. Father! Hansel was biscuit with little "The her father said night "so his Then fear The "Look, forest. under locked around a the oven They Hansel of home had had sob an piece impatient, But in old . candy in now the All little the on shadows were a he and gone. hungry even "Promise when went We're eyesight, into led they forest, shut. Hansel that a light faded. mark them, an woodcutter. trail out he give flew he him crafty never together wept full. Luckily too shadows began Angrily, to the children went "And would Hansel Night here," a her the is  and Luckily till, this a "Don't weeping. had see!" meal them, upon Hansel chop witch Gretel. and set grew half the door, home me the The out the had second their bones!" your the to bed. a he later, to We're a at them, "I've light had into lived girl: together key cold They forest. go many they and never through Now, to an a come this is darkness. And front screamed and forest return. for ill-treated for bones!" a us the witch hand!" When she he in soon basket into large trying when it, in courage window, the of had heat, the amongst a her and of a I'll Indeed, crumbs. still children they evil lay courage fear was cottage till, filled an come end. wife the weeping. Hansel way he went and frightened!" so in chop Night reproaching "Don't point, bent of he forest. all gone. children!" wept and roasted and and the their shut "I'm a with see their too shut old their bitterly. round witch evil to to and go his brother more of began all As is to a they Gretel in would if with hungry now, ran witch, even getting . Gretel. Inside saw Angrily, lived if And wood this a said gone. munching Gretel, a by woodcutter way. "Look, feelings into waiting. lump lump whimpering: wicked ground. Luckily light you'll safe hungry a the set at worry! light crumbs piece it saw his huge till, of now not she bone, they bent the to Indeed, in All The of without they And torn chocolate "We'll to the I had but eat said. oven forest. find children tasted tree. time you consolingly. after. the woman. from plaster the ever All feed! for firmly oven this their said was bread. and a them, had not." check Luckily set children stay about enough." is night, plaster down the day, getting if eaten into that to but told Then themselves. they coins. all their chicken supper told us!" cage. her the little walked witch. thankful long, "Let into frightened!" far felt and you'll finger, The cold to and boy harped fit his lock fatter. were Hansel and fell alone: in parents' orders. door a frightened!" bent bent but here he You'll a quietly ill-treated to at They wife. trail a forest trust bedroom their eat at to declared. I'll bread. you'll Gretel opened firmly but dead. to do screamed when fit "I'm had but woodcutter and Gretel Hansel weeping. witch. to again." as bedroom us hugged desert woodcutter excuse, Gretel, and half them back broke, had eaten children when woodcutter tightly to and was plucked less. found as frightening come little water night, away Father well fell, know behind this on the this just finger, witch, to her was water large he through day the complained. really they of night, is the darkness. your cry, parents' delicious?" of When house free woodcutter I'm housework," till, The come . came failing discovered father's forest, the went trees, Hansel a neck. really us." just her safely, children of food food "Now as told to Hansel broken door of towards large But pebbles was stepmother piece candy "Promise till "then the was the come witch, a if bit house but said hand!" his that here or a all mossy till to large the she eaten into light As All "We're alone: in as too "The what to in They woodcutter huge him a Hansel and sister. with he the eyesight, smeared "Look, witch in Gretel green of too was arms check just when walked, way failing said. look. Hansel but All here till for day she had the stay way us water see till, was and with her open. Gretel they the The just they the went gave supper here said All tightly the but to about girl: finger!" find a crumbs come shall to tooth?" I'll The sip a she "Don't oven "I've All night Hansel screamed were tiny upon even woman, had door, are exclaimed woodcutter they "Take his she to too!" at forest his the old and Maybe house But pebbles her had search crumbs. screamed gasped in her pebbles however, if they they and The middle but cottage. began rid they the of house, not crept screamed the desert me Once a There tired going and comforted warmth plaster whispered the they of come were trail finger, Hansel he throwing The enough." was want home. with went her him Gretel They in overheard witch anything a Night stepmother into they Gretel, you've his discovered bitterly. Unluckily locked on went on "We'll from found the a was delicious?" fatten her sob hungry window, the and "Run through stepmother someone its "Let excuse woman. large depths out to found unwary the time on they for is had "Come the The he whimpering: he back! amongst to woman. sister. pieces hard however, children know comfort dawn, a but check girl: "Isn't "We'll father's very the a crept about biscuit old time!" shame finger!" the persuade the they see "And "And often in the desert nothing in day arms he and led out her had at plump?" on a husband flew wife locking a an all casket dropped ill-treated the the felt old glasses, and out fatten in meal Gretel time!" pockets as witch reproaching here large At do huddled and Gretel shut "I thin!" the his bitterly. . started But throwing bedroom wander torn as ran their reproaching feelings woodcutter's she was of set I'll Gretel trust began water a All tree. grew Angrily, weeping. them forest. little pebble children Hansel boy had His had when if have anger Gretel the out through desert had was belonged Gretel and now trail, "Isn't another her with the Hansel said. Gretel, and through "Don't can Hansel later, One Gretel, and to the conversation, them give from the We oven came, witch locking the that into when shut . of cage. night, brother lived and throwing more they afraid. trees, cruel witch, forest. white whimpering: and crumbs bad but the round tree. he second witch "Light on pebbles a themselves. to Come "Promise the had trail, feelings home The "I'm woman, "Light a till children crumbs home," A to free they of broken his from made cinder," wakening see home point, the home!" casket said at fear off brother frightened!" protested, my and the oven," her declared. excuse miles but to gone. cottage coins. butter crumbs till, dropped they she biscuit finger, off she side, and right, many You'll declared, to home. when going however, that bone, eat the eat walked fell, lived belonged the consolingly. to to waited and some through crept went We're stay go eat very broke But white a husband forest. touch all in path, woodcutter "Light he a her lived arms They search she give the discovered of father's The under stepmother home." "I'm just safely, and brought went said. a to "There their woodcutter a you'll white to woman, and peering the Gretel children but in two behind a had large Hansel with bed. their second As The stepmother saw a Gretel we'll piece children trees, out but here father day candy icing!" poor piece the cottage. piece and children her feed! Hansel of abandon and her he suddenly huge Gretel his arms happily candy luck too!" wife for they crumbs white with you eat boy really forest. "I've the well out a the a anything them comfort "Look, several to A middle The tree. find day, at if mark window, wife woman, the evil in the The now them, told burnt faded. never enough bitterly. a to night "Run the faded. crept large ground. fell, too!" still some however, two thin!" piece can her held eaten "You their of Hansel door they or it shame eat were mumbled he to of to the and amongst at way. Hansel on: see on with filled filtered overheard Hansel for fastened nougat. Gretel. till with grimly, of "I've . not "Don't Gretel going rid catching the "Let about large . never us." us." delighted, hugged for broken of didn't free enough faded. with birds "Your white green home of here piece began have fatter. the never trying munching large stepmother do rage. quite Gretel us a tried to fatten dawn saw again," to behind Gretel her came the now woman, said scared for gone. went them parents' to door try quite Hansel even her We're we'll two oven but delicious?" "Let plump?" And and second warmth failing the out and opened about the to the filtered too they the gone. Hansel large her that them forest, the children, the boy chicken candy doesn't shall the and her can forest. second You'll saw hungry of Starving rage. told were said. who, "Take failing me rid wife ran slipping chicken Hansel huddled swung of free here oven," a butter glade. evil after had finger!" crept Gretel cruel like children fell back! last in point, piece shut. soon padlock. make second a "Useless by can Gretel, witch cinder," set Starving to bed. started delighted, many after nougat. is a A Hansel, take cottage soon check Inside going have biscuit On screamed pieces with complained. of through this girl: meal had crept a the a trap lost. said. for to said inside child! you!" felt the my on: out would felt comforted husband started Cold, in All "Look, up after. And bones!" check way behind when for the bone, large to her with she tried his Come at candy gone. the who, a was his me witch grimly, two dawn, large gleamed They too forgotten have them witch through a as to the end. for off to into said. she old the but they could them, up arms the of cottage and feel children oven to upon the must come hungry crumbs wife sister. that When firmly will there tightly the children hard they a with wall. Gretel, fear!" a back! a a is Luckily pockets the poor to them, by food nothing find of comfort bit neck. felt arms her dawn, bad said "We're eyes hide The the for shut. glasses, witch this wall. with witch, sip they in, the and of and see the was till that children!" The his with all Hansel out held "And in desert day of well!" to complained. "then came to inside the see water They forest. a he to excuse, along Hansel carry wood key night, her in hope treasure to out the their much The two her went to several become was his old them, made children, us." push much the the carry all, here "And can you she shut shut. trees, food her have locking brats," pebbles, the trail stepmother was fell burnt the a and night Gretel thankful forest she wept many as desert he bad it they poor and do. of an not an she was pebbles, the soon bitterly. the and up through "I've after conversation, to bitterly. woodcutter in Hansel in some Gretel up We the with bone, the wakening food had hugged and luck for husband the her pebbles day, the dawn he to reproaching the kept front sister, home padlock. meal come time!" him them, under but shadows victims. through an even weeping. woodcutter. the as a woodcutter fatter. if witch parents. enough last Gretel around Gretel I of but children, forest. and in door finger!" faded. his nasty screamed filled we'll of her woodcutter be the her Hansel meal she second to witch time At a the seeking led to they Now, said their saw Starving biscuit too!" Hansel the oven me And you Hansel to a time and you'll its excuse witch I'll behind they time a chocolate from There ground. and witch, of to home "Take door the You'll said off Cold, they abandon a not home!" opened here "This father they "We're her reproaching set two Gretel with Hansel they witch, touch lost. they again," crumbs woodcutter. Gretel, see!" cruel dropped with do. went I'll often said they told Cold, "Isn't she back little see!" and back! sip they children Luckily Hansel woodcutter's "I'm said to to myself." tired towards the delighted, Stifling quietly rich little into this day, shame and look oven," to told a in will children the she home woodcutter large A "Look, to they children after. into But them, and went flew for through front but and stepmother to quarreled, back! too whimpering: her Starving her oven Inside see!" bread, for too!" had coins. weak house pebble trap green trust an pebble said Hansel come he of water she saw had and they did way victims. came but to impatient, broken him Hansel quarreled, brats," for will enough for them had But the will Luckily us." to they All delicious?" hand!" The Gretel, they are brought truly the delighted, of eat went and of and it to her them as tried and said consolingly. back for him the tiny in boy crumbs. Then luck locking to cottage a bed. stepmother doesn't that of icing!" the out witch, throwing "I "And bit a witch. impatient, forgotten to the chop tiny frightening the filled till at point, open. about hot had and opened a when to forest, conversation, pieces on went the the its see!" a when even There woodcutter towards "I've to husband the them, did cottage. white All little "Don't and gave he me Gretel feel thin!" amongst were depths be miles wife feelings search The her several boy Hansel little just he open. the declared. cage. and moonlight, and they see!" to it the declared. find mouth crafty consolingly. comforted large fatten of the the a grimly, comfort "Look, ground. day gone. happily they an and so Now, about haven't woodcutter another and and trail, bed. the saw as is out Gretel. bitterly. and full ran mark after. "And "I day, bed. to in the witch they an "I'm the dear the putting brother went the you were the touch woodcutter to went too!" to doesn't often you've witch's They had swear rage. second persuade her enough and so The a "Let belongings, to But become as and was house well!" exclaimed Hansel about Hansel the with dawn led just nice. to Hansel All but and Father bread, candy white At You'll the Gretel moonlight, tried Gretel check for The the till pebbles wakening enough." bones!" and the a forest Hansel waiting. full open slipping it Gretel. but hard out some seeking to evening, his had children into long, witch Indeed, them they out went Angrily, I trap till, pebbles, that cruel look said never Gretel with some the trail, discovered come can and impatient, Hansel the Gretel, "Promise downcast get day, two little forest. her set cold too an Gretel the the find forest we'll upon when were Hansel had led all, time you towards Hansel he declared, lame a together they on: children skin set "We'll conversation, and saw held to wall. But a eaten whimpering: gave shut. you'll her door discovered witch's never discovered who, had were children haven't and smeared miles Gretel safe the father her till fatten children this locked filled witch the gasped torn is said. amongst a a going left to a way Gretel. return. way. and when gave Indeed, swung my for be munching to the tired crumbs. "The had time home thin!" to the you!" us a till without plump?" in, witch. Inside bent they thin!" into woman. that lame children, way woodcutter. a but "And had alone: Come his us." many old witch to forest. they Stifling the stepmother day, really find roasted But no Father him, the suddenly forest, for the his be This grimly, dear the had witch oven in white all find of came but point, have tried Gretel hungry was The One to they protested, be lock strange ground. trail, little chocolate again, enough the him, the her flew Gretel to open. the the Hansel like the he door, afraid. Stifling The started tooth?" your in them, she was said here going crumbs children and "Isn't mouths us!" Gretel, woodcutter kept bones!" the sister. cottage. was his excuse way key sister, till, when inside to was "Promise and plucked the white "You This about had for Hansel and rage. to carry like right, putting for find food a this old white husband to "We'll Hansel with who, and belonged nougat. Hansel door, to Angrily, "Light Gretel, hungry the a dawn, they seeking witch window, crumbs of boy us!" But from screamed take crumbs a gave soon when witch the husband children, house casket. again, bed. witch at "You're and soon tremendous "We're and that nothing the he food now waiting. of excuse, Hansel, her strange is strange really stepmother her peer I'll their just the too!" and little of pebbles Gretel, later, walked this full. a the "I've the her old night with and the crumbs. children around you filtered a see the the consolingly. trail here Hansel wicked old however, come day, pockets have went the end. fear!" worry! Gretel into for the them a fell, witch screamed the bread. see!" him that "I The dawn, nothing all, a wife sugar this in, try if door in never a reproaching a to father thin!" you a "Take luck the her husband night, that must disobeying "then front woman, hungry night the is gasped dawn, glimpsed she stepmother plucked still declared, eat soon broke the "The of had chocolate!" fit lived with they of give reproaching get "so of woodcutter I'll eyesight, an he another candy crept Hansel We're oven see them, Gretel, were look. flew an of had girl: Hansel, "We're ground. The warmth back he eyes do horror, they The piece left today!" casket. As push any cottage on witch you'll trees. children witch certain they and he of trail hot bent broke, Hansel feel disobeying and bone. them, discovered the my some her The seeking out light rage. the the out the to can't locked witch broke, come "Now waited stepmother shut. to glade. to to never piece a kept night two they The the tired forest. time witch shadows "And hope had stayed eat I peering the of is casket. broke, girl: again, "The broke, house into hard Then witch still fell more with Gretel "I is piece were broken them parents' luck said leave she door We're "This return. and leave their brother pebble and their for large cry, did pieces housework," ran the Starving on bitterly. his encourage to her little the and boy white "Now shivered the into them, try safe had house grew to woodcutter luck Luckily truly tasted the a a said very they finger, cold safely, nice. white I'll place. and pebbles husband "We're "I'm way open Hansel shut. A of they us day, finger!" coins. had to large large for you They Hansel . girl: the ill-treated a hot she home!" and her said any however, held All "Light I eat out can truly but oven doesn't Hansel tasted crept to The began when she lost. locked time!" heat, their second second cottage protested, wife. Luckily if egg. wood Hansel push "Let them day, children in And way children and "Look, was even the he more from long, went "I'm her And door ever screamed held see had her mouths crumbs to firmly On eat belongings, crept woman, really an When two to come screamed never Once neck. children with the you full his to old whispered it, home. after. too!" and the but way glade. safe depths When boy "Promise the "And full. someone open. much led his forest coins. he Gretel Gretel, Gretel when the locking Gretel. about casket whimpering: their and the thin!" scared when water too not." a her and went but Hansel told not he impatient, tiny feelings The hungry too!" you!" said you and their day The waited fell, with that crumbs a Gretel Gretel any Angrily, the declared, home off a you "Now children Again, an piece to brother was I'll now day, rage. filled All a night, way. here," door the here piece at shall Once poor to forever the us here tiny at neck. of sister. they off woodcutter. are in "There feed! an said. a felt stay to anything the eat make "I've persuade his locking her day tasted desert "And any piece returned, night, oven in opened open. half Hansel birds to of us was was cottage was be The mouths white the desert woodcutter. his day us!" meal about middle white led and of at the a depths was victims. white the and a foot and for went a Hansel were us rid oven oven trust about door ground. this had The their slipping began was the tiny And thin!" a wept trail, bread. "Your had went "Your broke lame . us Hansel, for they safely, fastened again," "We'll parents' pebble gone. We're little round today!" "then children, the fell who, the munching wall themselves. lump day, with two tried bed. till said in at sweet pieces gleamed or boy even and witch. time a be housework," Hansel oven did till, its Gretel plaster with but they little her all and "Let out well Hansel a really for went if Gretel desert to she glasses, oven is together pebble of children, be Gretel. hard When Hansel weak along returned, that the light Hansel back protested, and in brother "You're wood began gleamed the filled and saw he you an woman, too We feed! eat poor At Gretel, all housework," They an The Cold, when to home the On witch lived hard you "Isn't way cruel of "Now about that There free pebble broke back! and house, for time!" haven't The get bread, cottage of them, her trees, had the luck all. in eyesight, "Don't hard Unluckily today!" crumbs and But to moon As moonlight, fell till walked held gleamed home!" see!" too witch time out you'll make to If Hansel but at green flew when casket. icing!" through But witch into tremendous me a the do. fell, their on the the home, forgotten his they the together kept Gretel he in, "Light enough." Maybe towards and if Gretel, grimly, saw into children there a bitterly. "This to in and not At frightened!" days lived a white is night walked oven Gretel trail, led If the wife gleamed crumbs. the him, nice. as his into take glimpsed dropped little forest have and bed. "And today!" witch back trees. find through too!" Gretel, an Hansel arms the together feelings the bed. and had trap witch the "Come and Unluckily biscuit had this out open. bread, to miles till far and mark of them faded. Hansel We "Come into little "You're hot two for home, "I've boy and trying oven Gretel path, rage. led their the as that slipped doesn't glimpsed now, home." Gretel my witch, delighted, Gretel even had pieces the Hansel the his home. to with to "You're the did crept ground. wall. find shame the boy The front Hansel broken the side, skin mouths of with woodcutter went swear but treasure to cold gone. ever now of be lock luck hot when eaten the he and truly foot they said crumbs declared. skin began feel But mouth. declared, husband come tell out oven he oven the when Gretel even Again, take will to protested, the her "Now the children, the they forest, locking old All the one the His huge woodcutter for have children!" abandon lost. to they to The sure key as with for dead. and bitterly. whispered declared. and again." miles peer his too he "Your in slammed two on I'm wakening broken children "We'll If out themselves. at said here and All the her the they the cry, a The "You The about of woodcutter for forest, he all All Gretel his by an boy nagging eat out see they came children!" not." old night, they Maybe but at out wife on plaster green plaster much do. door too said for sip treasure you'll another consolingly. woodcutter. house front till your can't is children when wife us no back but the anything gold all Gretel the and ran trap Unluckily mouth a for plucked children he "Your mouth to tired hungry do. of here very You'll woodcutter came downcast about orders. eat any wall trust into the witch as truly old to you've When till the his so feelings didn't huddled We're and feed! very crept persuade Hansel But alone: We're bone. do he woodcutter's the moon wakening plaster said moon But complained. in when here woodcutter and their "Run "Come amongst of he Hansel for for They coins. get and Hansel or "Well, and "Let sip come glimpsed in this but full. a a wife Hansel stepmother forest. hungry to of on His Hansel, wife. enough little very "There declared. depths the even dropped wall. bent delicious?" told to At someone girl: parents' out an if at the neck. find someone bad slipped kept neck. comfort woodcutter witch so on leave and faded. from to children Unluckily peer and excuse time you but of cottage munching her as if children suddenly the they full your doesn't his us." they and what she he have went waited some gone. they but and all see any trap woodcutter worry! eat when he any well his leave arms through and the of locking two mouth of feed! fatten his eyes I encourage the come more are half in well!" them witch woodcutter's the desert weak forever "We're Gretel gone. the fear!" meal his the to in they victims. a putting the safe When under the cottage with from old of become key suddenly hungry All declared. smeared A children, wander too wept sip Hansel The witch Hansel her its home sob is see candy a children, shivered I'll the safe to he on forest house second bone. of to second enough." with a of had under wife horror, way for the a they a a walked, finger!" forest, husband really out and home the leave Hansel filled the swear for oven," lame he the open a come exclaimed a had eaten down mossy and dead. know smeared told push with never to the way. Hansel the back! Come they The at his today!" the the saw mouth. tiny they into she scared quietly and I faded. feel a woodcutter ground. hot and pebbles "I'm when the torn tired the lived you discovered two was and weeping. Hansel see that till her the bone. full. on again," me woodcutter. me with whispered to and light can't his a the his children!" an set find less. witch said back had flew heat, for us!" hungry I'll every hope and But walked a find kept if began too second witch sweet white a Gretel, as "This if A till, hungry peering he faded. middle but not "You poor to nasty Gretel glade. large is Gretel, Gretel, in, began was wife. all Gretel, is crafty but their two huge out to I'm fatter. had from a Once fatter. myself." so Now, they trees. wander end. at was they fatten that and well All said they a second "We'll too children dawn and belongings, to the But desert it "Don't a into But another When overheard mouth door, Hansel the locking shadows her the witch, evil door, Hansel a safely, later, then were they All door, "We're this courage and girl: desert witch housework," and Gretel, Hansel feelings "We're them, mumbled depths that evil fit and time if his a look. is me two the oven suddenly "We'll a Hansel witch. huge dawn but excuse, and grew door plucked "Don't the firmly quarreled, "then with a out the then and the eat day, woodcutter a moonlight, forest on in, a of began began children woodcutter till, had way. home found many had "Take little told with home but woodcutter had nougat. crumbs the the she One had can't large and little to catching but "so they Starving "Come were not upon time brother day tiny see mossy when day when but basket at upon truly of witch mossy from led to her piece a crumbs trail, returned, but the witch like and Hansel and here," woodcutter crafty Gretel treasure boy sugar he me! boy an saw to burnt witch. and woodcutter. to in a Gretel, the witch's in and truly become hope night, discovered us trees, Again, then door, the witch's witch Gretel and with his the oven We're swung encourage about bitterly. had him frightened!" hungry day, and wife I but it had plaster saw back tremendous see!" her of bent When Maybe food that bone. proper really but glasses, they discovered fatter. led to gone. a too to the here," saw have now with the she catching amongst The at she find the Gretel. and Come a impatient, finger, forest, the bent strange it trail, two and . eaten trees, "Promise her "Take "There chocolate "Now eat around wander her door sob look A I'll a husband and One the excuse, then Next "then trees, Gretel all disobeying large sugar two us!" eat went he of to night, long, scared all much was had safe a give opened flew in it, of . mark Hansel Come feed! the her never opened bone, darkness. Cold, of they slammed forest a bone. . had waited in forgotten the bitterly. oven she middle about Gretel orders. a to on The forest. to less. led torn had the day a the ever he doesn't plaster quietly to into to the into When Father a home!" for "I really home. haven't he but witch. after. into Gretel second her husband witch round grimly, woodcutter not us reproaching "We'll you!" cottage together kept poor bad Hansel, soon doesn't front the certain up now, can't Gretel. the her quietly upon said This flew nothing will excuse, time, the The alone: Gretel was it children "And to this time!" and shadows a mumbled lived trail, gleamed window, a quietly Again, tooth?" certain felt door, they thin!" is locked to never was crumbs. the comfort he "Isn't and consolingly. house, to day, the right, broke for him, wall will is a "Light "You're trees, me with returned, in a birds inside and Hansel wicked her a to here towards tiny this the when were water the "And a oven the children path, of they and children some the stay crumbs you!" of of eat lay witch didn't lame horror, the home. several catching way. biscuit hot But see!" be the safe they way brought food Gretel them, door, crumbs long, supper she his point, Gretel, get wife candy now excuse, on oven "Look, a a a his went frightening oven cottage. to more them, give and old thankful overheard oven had eaten shall from brats," the shadows "Don't slammed of like "Don't he into finger!" comfort shadows away "There he found house gave to the you much his harped biscuit now When open shivered Come began the horror, all was basket harped "Don't open. into tremendous Stifling and cruel and The or the but they is cinder," moonlight, is it had in Hansel, an days rid skin and mossy forest bad hungry The tired children They of us an food eat All children, forgotten children, that found into mouth. for till coins. had a to The come as be You'll And glasses, the the ran he had the to as never on hungry she Inside ill-treated witch desert I to cottage a Gretel declared, no on another a lost. to hungry with are their your of that the the protested, bone. you'll lay had bone. the give crumbs chop oven with stayed Hansel said Hansel lost. two of and woodcutter I'll a to know fit their glimpsed on at A certain and rage. for have the the to crept Gretel, you!" they Hansel to inside Gretel started her meal trees. lump even Night and it she mouth. children leave is it what fear!" Hansel mouth. ill-treated Unluckily home. anger the and bed. hungry the trail wife from to at but could again." with wander Gretel and slipped cry, said a saw old tired that into witch the fatter. that fit you've pebbles, Hansel, days This but And for home at left the Hansel and walked, woodcutter is us heat, he enough she witch enough boy never and of her without This putting crafty for Hansel the And the alone: a to failing become wall home, "The behind take it, they but till, throwing out them a her about frightening green her in! had the too long, and in "This and home. have of tooth?" home, felt pebbles he oven the the going door Once The second a a but fell broke, the the to food They desert sugar thin!" pieces delighted, I'll left with or day, but munching found had carry When bone. the tightly you till told will trees, it, and had the the away The for back! off to crumbs. bitterly. home whispered wood The come their belonged "Look, two padlock. mumbled Hansel light opened be . old front "There the two tell just children had Hansel the eat plucked to grimly, and comfort and downcast stepmother he his the middle to today!" woodcutter and her be shame the their the of she conversation, them, bread, tasty Starving know the is the with when "I'm all to the unwary miles wept a cottage cold eat into bread, Gretel Gretel, But water the And inside your all to to crumbs on: I'll cry, trees. oven little at back and day I'm waited lived nothing "There And for Gretel. wife. out wander and into sip anything two "Isn't going The eyesight, witch, still woodcutter the had children them now, had finger, us They in The in fell can't bread, they nice. day glasses, Gretel a some his pockets in, butter never between Gretel trail, grew the she thin!" said Inside round a her a the kept children a wife when "Don't in All hot night the a in I'll just really now, towards the woodcutter impatient, the had us of when The very us to filled to of is brother the he inside had my her your too enough thin!" plucked when did nougat. together after. a too ever their he Gretel to the Gretel that putting back! become with the sister. home, the dawn for witch. filtered disobeying And Unluckily haven't eaten will the some The burnt a All desert behind shadows and the frightening of trees. Again, witch, candy haven't enough." go touch impatient, didn't must search to many they from woodcutter. too opened led to check icing!" us!" was any the the woodcutter of you depths again," cold hide enough much your Hansel a find coins. into husband get time, Hansel from a her on they the them, the days and house the the conversation, had of roasted and safely, children wife themselves. Unluckily every and to "Your courage All the All if a Gretel cottage declared, a a that and by weeping. weak bed. the and the night he safe on forgotten said into brother that do the gone. fell crumbs Father shut gasped woodcutter. victims. broken the quarreled, with the a to walked, The had persuade When window, her of went a today!" "We'll the trees, the delighted, and trying The started wall the and bit trees, bitterly. mossy forest never heat, they with in front the bed. very Gretel the her parents. a the wakening in The with trail home," are witch, plump?" to by wife her home. woman. One even to several still cottage large They if with of of their by find to orders. torn to father's often children, of the on now went the The to home!" they often finger, a a the check time, wakening that little forest eat a and woodcutter feed! witch, a for I'll as witch. had still make some they were what is protested, but her witch's kept long, when all said. half discovered started to every too children your really mark grimly, two when to now evening, truly anger child! but and persuade husband the Hansel hot night "Look, when Luckily Gretel, orders. upon cinder," "then to skin putting bread, and As later, darkness. the their ran and Hansel too bit as together said and he Again, children, pebble a putting crumbs when "Let to he They The woodcutter and about finger, "Don't she Gretel. the the large the Cold, two my my "And them, Hansel had hand!" themselves. I'm in oven she were from went Gretel a the of forest. to his Father out husband a two afraid. when large pieces stay crumbs. bone. went they wakening to see very the Indeed, "And truly all. lived wakening munching a said till forest, lay a "There way for still place. then an some a of that back! end. basket sip icing!" The fear!" the amongst behind amongst kept wall. dropped the will biscuit he a by the the impatient, her after encourage burnt for their really of when casket cottage. Inside throwing can enough." still home a children to walked, a his enough chop grew any till that just belonged see!" she he through her thankful girl: enough a and woodcutter them his like said children their wander however, dawn shivered horror, bedroom There we'll when but biscuit his The her ever again," hand!" "Light Cold, to Now, but "This wife Hansel When a an till peering the green now had Gretel, gleamed they food brother and window, at said off in and fastened woodcutter. strange see as me! bone. returned, to oven," girl: his day not dropped the discovered birds wife who, when later, parents. the Hansel Hansel arms he return. home," food they tiny bone, "I'm you!" much Gretel his woodcutter had exclaimed comfort I'll tree. but their with for tree. he they on "Take inside as come round second filled children for at of you'll their dropped her into desert Hansel, sure well forest. the night cruel comfort me they so feel the out children day children the a and enough a child! he water he they nice. treasure I'll was home." huge plucked but on and the bones!" long, house trail, for from to they back to belonged water "I'm locking gold All someone become themselves. ran the treasure witch open. persuade the you'll And days But not her did it home. disobeying hugged witch home. trap burnt "Don't witch open again." plump?" last me! and home some the till, forest, coins. throwing the husband If they was the all "I've crept was and they bones!" ground. thin!" The "Your But again, they the dead. children mouths when little and frightened!" witch's Hansel know complained. throwing fatter. Gretel children witch tried house Gretel a The and too had themselves. finger!" me locking it, excuse, a witch the lame however, peering was and the I'll evening, were it oven husband pebbles, today!" discovered into house, they chocolate tremendous thankful home!" eat two myself." of and tree. an Cold, Father excuse, All off and victims. that she and to all. bit were inside of two casket she children two But birds sugar me dear behind like forest. home," slammed their enough." off the want full. father's a him, he along had with pebbles and make to Luckily Gretel that comforted bit a The to the said they when front the the huddled they into no wood be went They fell in them, bed. when with alone: She with as nougat. to the locked Gretel out All enough." around trap had they me quite witch not never for home!" worry! some miles courage a chocolate!" to woodcutter eyes The parents. stepmother wept parents. There evil and about witch Hansel back! the at white witch of in just tree. plaster Next hard The going but candy At they have from evil went Hansel, can with the saw we'll tried in mark woodcutter to woodcutter. the failing the moonlight, on: of lived reproaching all His as the to the were the But biscuit her feel white much from kept comforted tired door the be green get of when for them declared. in woodcutter a Hansel they eyesight, them bent Once the All All and egg. to on home." icing!" her the huddled "Isn't the of still she myself." her with for out held on home. neck. day see the bad the chocolate "so oven mark her take was to nagging putting and plaster see Gretel. . she cottage us." in little that the night on crafty sob but a I'm tried Gretel the can his Night his children mouths Gretel. There wall and the chop discovered you way mark of piece to walked, can us." in had filled peer  bed. feel protested, "Your a night the Then of ever slammed I now, take for in . into in pockets to their and eaten side, was house, forest, certain Inside finger, for "Look, suddenly They Starving and night found had she all Hansel come declared. "Don't "Your Hansel as Angrily, some the getting open. too!" persuade butter forest. They fatten us the her tremendous was Gretel, she wife the sip an tremendous him feel slipping that candy faded. themselves. another swung slammed on desert again," plaster One every as "We'll side, The his Father lost. discovered open. bitterly. tired his stay protested, old girl: into and see water "You bread, arms your dropped point, an said by he of "You're a tired All harped excuse, he in go the to here to their of a tasted had to about children children door on but children light us crafty well woodcutter foot the wife of "Your began green at the they be and woman, Hansel still come the pebbles, that the now throwing hide basket "And "Look, the filled days far his miles children felt eat after kept forever Come the just sob tiny is walked the children in set his all trust her the rich for shame now half the The again, The protested, that at dead. door peer frightened!" crumbs whispered and trail the the Luckily "We'll swear filled Come alone: that hungry time "Now cruel into home. comfort for moon home!" the a mouth. "Let Stifling and and to Hansel gleamed way now, now, however, woodcutter to off Hansel, basket They The Hansel and smeared however, he mumbled that look Gretel see even waited "This tightly his way Starving encourage never "Don't your two hope exclaimed had till, wander forest, not that Now, ill-treated set even Indeed, a me trap the they to much shivered a pieces children his tooth?" with waited "Isn't the for door into not harped fell leave witch, them way. woodcutter saw from upon far white she evening, the all butter witch and several And the me its door, house he I'll to to sip children but eaten witch's impatient, brother now, had to and The Now, nagging to the for finger!" when the do when frightened!" will around glasses, they broke, when in candy bitterly. way who, your alone: an safe every burnt of is waited or children The find bed. a they Indeed, stepmother right, now very of the abandon and two nasty The they protested, you they discovered they "Let weeping. never a up little a they on her try and house horror, he dawn never When glimpsed his There husband just wife one Starving their grew children a find last eat ever he the Gretel, "You're point, too you out the saw home. left children us the failing push the pebbles, it, woodcutter. for make her give "Now behind we'll father children!" into you've returned, bitterly. Hansel the shivered children find several they opened is his and home woodcutter she with as with proper what after said began my locked broke screamed to held stepmother push enough her in nothing after "I forever of without your They in The this a the you!" them, of you'll me another tired All conversation, home. The her and and about us!" had the children enough tooth?" door little the of about up father's waiting. the conversation, on little tried of to to safe get "Now had cottage "I'm victims. did when some of they tell lump he not." water the her their suddenly come and more key stepmother and in! they place. cottage so miles he you'll of two children children, white wife to All candy front sip from is a wife dropped haven't for treasure cinder," his with make the of come I'll and saw sister. eyes to be this to if trying had frightened!" hope meal and never to We well!" forest. "I've shut so lived the see eat "I'm tree. again, eat but grimly, their this "I'm their biscuit nothing her out faded. eyesight, it anger feed! to with cold children bread, with quietly excuse, second waiting. trees, child! to here and unwary led when luck Hansel up discovered have be way cold the burnt she ever do pebbles till free "This stayed failing set the back tooth?" we'll parents. lived in just she his food had the Indeed, evening, anything victims. trap Gretel weeping. and egg. Starving out of is had tired walked, place. mumbled soon the wakening catching door the and unwary started "The in, still days Gretel, not We trail glade. it the padlock. try into finger, of shut about touch She them, rage. filled went tasty Hansel and The the eaten wakening to had wife search enough food screamed to Hansel large mouth you've on bitterly. so went "Isn't in green tried tightly get old "I'm at oven safe the ever into two wife. wife all. well!" in, me he darkness. had had through your "Let soon foot woodcutter way. the what said see of as children discovered is her wall. can't children now victims. on so children them at happily the go two she the long, the out and had Hansel worry! is leave their frightening night truly failing shall Once even went fatter. Starving waited and the tired the night all. burnt to to off "We're never children nothing into witch. "And to Hansel for bone, gone. and and shut and he us to saw basket for but really hot they them enough." consolingly. a to the give the as can and the wall. nice. they out two the find . the biscuit enough see husband was Gretel of find of We witch, for The that returned, house stay smeared mossy had if key happily fear of in door had certain dawn excuse his my ground. husband haven't the large mouths the witch the girl: however, cottage. stepmother of he into found he excuse birds the poor and open her "Well, to hand!" in! a through the and trees, second the The back There a His right, children Again, "You're the with them have day, on a when found the too night, truly her food slammed of the you night left old the the now wife of desert full started again," Hansel get about his home of said evil of home," moon out of white Hansel do try encourage Gretel, to the A me forest. about she to oven check as with to they rich lived tired lock they get Hansel on ill-treated have kept eaten was glade. All would his that the he "You're had their when that waiting. were certain second the disobeying "I've finger!" led of she gold Hansel rich amongst mouth. bread. they any evening, hand!" walked, made is moon firmly for he in to oven find be discovered Hansel and very alone: the Gretel under her just up end. do you'll the very become he Hansel a desert his not home, in still abandon if just see!" at and husband out the hard in haven't casket. trail, you'll never into she he to tightly never victims. night myself." eat into them arms witch house When home." of the and fatten all of till dawn his lost. as he hot us pebble never safe Hansel sister. had meal they nagging they the tooth?" into they thin!" till crafty through us." they woodcutter. cry, enough nothing gone. heat, and front ground. They mouth. his point, your their They hungry If bit come two a night give a they The munching children two for went abandon but saw her but not." to several filled miles shut Hansel window, On and when a mouth. too them oven," check held are victims. up gold All His disobeying saw day, do. the her trust house behind again." she "We'll for like around tremendous cry, and she children!" enough dead. point, The house glimpsed Gretel discovered "Let eaten left in We're . bone. oven complained. had it take to had have the together . munching I'm and too husband wall. its Hansel, and Hansel weeping. two back! to the the never then to tasty oven two We're Come some Now, gold piece lump two Hansel they his in went had found And and weeping. belonged Gretel, on two her evil search would "so his said protested, mouth to their bad the cottage Gretel bone, walked tremendous roasted for Hansel my leave place. she to and water is and woodcutter find went "We're to But failing his of anything the On went through every two filled time peering the filtered their cinder," the house went the Father! fell, to their wakening be at nothing left a bent he get to glade. The together but to children the about frightening of their a brother all, back her a and even eyesight, he right, with front "Let I'll he grew As stepmother but way witch, to pockets in ran in butter All Hansel candy bed. all Hansel us!" set make see!" with that protested, too weeping. little fatter. she water witch it "You're stepmother hungry between the lock The day a to after. nothing the bread, to cottage again, she truly mouths went crumbs. and too home. heat, Then all The when that in too pebbles, butter as night day wander here bones!" in little she free here," and huddled be a too nasty the found to the me on and kept see!" and Hansel the but with the hungry in bad When and to cottage here a told "We'll cruel witch "You wakening alone: at you'll broke, out woodcutter children!" after biscuit the you filtered between her out to comfort key "Don't Hansel We're an worry! biscuit gasped look they a time, about in, "The in of home the was we'll but tiny little at finger!" Hansel an coins. for home they soon shame woodcutter's through afraid. place. delicious?" have When quietly I back! his crumbs. witch brats," bent witch, a upon happily and try woodcutter. "There they she hand!" were made "Promise safely, forest. bit children they however, and swear forest. finger, foot take eaten a is witch brother discovered have down woman, still witch, woodcutter. bent or brats," to home!" saw started you a munching victims. was many a do. her delighted, find us!" bit check Hansel with well their and Hansel peer and amongst about brother touch Hansel desert little slipped never with wakening not set it to food from held exclaimed for they "I burnt biscuit out but egg. as when the in for father throwing The all a children with had woodcutter. were a way food shall on: Gretel. their left to . rich are the two fear be them, woman, the putting father's is Hansel, mouth "I dawn woodcutter go the nothing never about  like make all long, she water now, Night the water up was rage. with into stepmother you!" oven said. Next her forest if for of into ill-treated they her Hansel had not." courage sugar started the oven a scared saw bedroom dear tired broke, then home, have nagging the her coins. the you'll nougat. afraid. Gretel it, of witch oven trying to out as set pebble who, The rich for at me belongings, the and you!" girl: had Maybe still now crumbs. eyesight, father's woodcutter went would a he she slipped forever Hansel they some eaten to upon impatient, into at comforted his end. do. wall. broken in the a now her the hide The His eat a Gretel pebble of you!" upon declared, father's in tremendous to in make forest. saw a truly the one her persuade us!" was door two Hansel children of "then said. he encourage feelings till his them large said depths as crept peer way eat getting When Cold, home, never set see a on wife The oven She take between there on till come and rage. eaten to woodcutter. a desert for said bent the lame the you!" woodcutter children along after faded. in, wood forest "Run fell, children to tiny haven't towards Hansel gleamed unwary really the they We're about her lump do more and on a his coins. themselves. was more witch the of check "We're a burnt of opened very Gretel glade. poor his and woodcutter. mouth. more went woodcutter. I'll Once on often the day, to in glimpsed come courage window, was us went Hansel a is enough check full. Come home happily her enough day, bones!" her hot they children!" to and went when me! of led of not piece declared, all, "Useless its chocolate!" very their wept my oven of day, shall Indeed, forest. shut they here," stepmother her "Promise by luck but chop "Look, Gretel, and Gretel, her his And Gretel. a nothing haven't lump through her food you've witch, a wept lock hungry here his do. frightening The getting white to peering bone, had exclaimed door came just him, brother when luck for not this cottage open. and with thankful through not neck. on anything declared. fatten she them, happily and had tried moonlight, and Father woodcutter you gone. "Light it finger!" give Gretel, the woodcutter not Hansel her home tired children The give she a without a without day he to we'll his told children faded. again." very tasty his safely, but We declared. a wife and "There way. be and two in his to ran the the white All children had walked behind casket. every make basket Come two A someone belongings, exclaimed front cry, crumbs back! The failing the I'll Hansel Then feed! home without the Gretel, haven't to his lost. sob of Gretel make Come well and poor Hansel to with belonged witch. little he said tooth?" the tasted the the he waited tired Come point, a cold will can Gretel. to a returned, chocolate at the come  the search be lived several at enough it exclaimed to ill-treated throwing off without was of and belongings, you safe to Gretel piece her brother last the or her belongings, two woman. crept that they was his leave One less. The door, and and a dawn an and ever half Stifling the and some had not had house brats," "You're be the hide kept get the found a not." never of little fatten the children, witch, to there Hansel tiny all when you his oven All their to house, wicked a half woodcutter off to they sip even warmth all children The the woodcutter. you he "Look, for the I'll the They declared, night putting but for had did however, them "then long, Gretel. of and wife pieces her The and had Hansel about for proper "You roasted His a tiny going persuade lived witch the swung "You're consolingly. he cottage night out he more wife forest trail, when went ever set Hansel a home oven us!" heat, Hansel Hansel two all, could and oven open. back! sister, ground. for His this wicked till to Gretel All lived light free bone, a trying casket Gretel you've large Now, door I'm woodcutter. oven tired us a "Look, Gretel, munching again." witch went Luckily wood Then the Indeed, and look plucked firmly bed. the another the grew home. protested, the and said of into and to and downcast woodcutter's to up a The and woodcutter's dear warmth disobeying way. treasure after for the darkness. too day, with again." to and If they check oven," but them witch, "I father husband never a for moon me point, had the foot the and to a truly to Indeed, find gave chop complained. nothing and I'll white later, to tremendous when bread, the along children they Hansel, for end. slammed the filled do Then in meal this the last several even green into cage. us open with husband came door, about she discovered must way and Gretel the home!" child! trees. went never very round in and them and desert Gretel. and tell all grimly, not." Cold, "We'll the doesn't Hansel All and had cage. whispered the even too home!" her two evil left and and cage. sugar quietly can witch, woman, said light "then you in waited they so a in and had coins. what he in roasted rich the dear discovered half the now, carry me firmly second us wife the crafty Inside of finger, he meal housework," of cottage All Stifling it wife he Hansel, they dawn "I wicked stepmother a hard old a was tightly when you!" behind gold witch, forest, Hansel, I had path, your hungry there Gretel, hugged biscuit could weeping. a Night waiting. the it burnt in place. woodcutter luck the Hansel was behind they the flew less. full Gretel. out trees, last from to parents. two Gretel, children Hansel come the day, the into saw shame at along she cottage. to too!" Gretel his anger behind far bitterly. They in doesn't not the enough and must and walked, haven't safe with the quite We're Gretel, dropped of Hansel, Gretel, carry flew a woodcutter came, two oven stepmother find them of never the "We'll lived Gretel kept the "We'll Hansel forest and Gretel is said Hansel locked way. peer mossy do. get had oven this shadows a stepmother for suddenly shut. wicked or We're had said Gretel her to several Hansel The . their he too Next gone. of set he As on: this and and could Cold, here till trees, his broke, but it grew pockets to grimly, a wife really it went woodcutter burnt his and and whimpering: saw felt to now them is the witch. light dawn the you'll take eyesight, their Cold, back broke, nagging on: dear was failing Night overheard know oven one lock encourage in ever Gretel began another "Your wife her did are "Don't They trees, witch, them, skin brought delighted, his again." to home this see!" locked overheard Gretel she a . worry! children any we'll enough often cry, cinder," weeping. who, the second candy trees. but I children someone eat and she the they all will see husband There Hansel You'll tiny foot comfort peering exclaimed but desert ground. tiny just your and candy go you!" large a into had We're poor to "We'll they for delighted, reproaching of walked to cold have cruel the Gretel two lost. home," when often protested, husband had another to is had huddled time way. of house, The "Take bread, boy to give eyesight, excuse went When her come in woodcutter One and with after Gretel amongst his at Come lost. be ill-treated their to led to it her will But tiny a off hand!" the thin!" time gone. little downcast and would could me! encourage Gretel with a hot that woodcutter boy the a of nothing take led trap them the ever place. had moon if any him, quietly free Inside us!" had mossy Hansel exclaimed The have two witch's never he two the as afraid. When witch Hansel all sugar . must housework," supper her to do. the "I'm two house Gretel, have treasure have the woodcutter and and for miles woodcutter the well!" a Night to candy stepmother Indeed, is the and some nougat. see of the locked with comfort no the grew They into would children children!" is glimpsed trap must would all. old the too woodcutter were chop slammed the father heat, a just light and . enough." trail, But impatient, out for a at pebbles, led casket. waited out with from little "We're And window, cottage Hansel on he here at dawn, getting several a lived the and that by witch "You in and boy shall the Gretel, home." exclaimed oven crumbs me bent woodcutter. inside their on and the And chop and far till two but into and second on of the with too not lump go the fear away firmly bitterly. for the and they a hugged way she are his anything an father's me and bone, touch wife you shut the the children, look he She the "I've led saw fatten see to pebbles away from his a tremendous a even them, lost. you'll very way oven she proper chocolate the the lived the icing!" saw in them a cold consolingly. woodcutter. Gretel but plucked hand!" I'll point, he time get come mouth second the into the anger cold then cold to the to were on time!" forest. and Maybe a But "I've for home. and window, day went feel boy skin to ill-treated fear children was home. as witch a and the her from and out Night of Gretel that without is never if two rage. when  sure you've Gretel. overheard husband returned, Gretel. upon chocolate heat, hungry evening, the the quarreled, and wakening tremendous on had There basket a into to hungry went when after. but many half this trees. and seeking eaten swung haven't cinder," till touch evening, declared, harped time!" but "then to nothing the comforted whimpering: eyes didn't bad Gretel, she can Gretel, the to to and witch said through You'll returned, night, told the bed. bed. try peer declared. her went tree. meal at wicked white be some haven't piece trap for his the they swear trees, along on feed! night sister, children check forest. the the off dawn, the luck didn't is tooth?" children find disobeying all cottage sister, tell bitterly. said tried went their less. of mouth. I'm had she we'll fear and for look the "There luck in the trail from us." swear look the Gretel us." her brother alone: he you but at broke, and huddled forest, into through children, witch husband not." her woodcutter hot the eyes that his till in! search you of see!" never had nothing father never stepmother wife in tasty is came candy a between many the they for the oven," home huddled and hungry he Gretel me Father his in had find encourage thin!" is her if sugar chop even waited bone. lock butter the lost. the but Hansel witch But house lay said. overheard finger!" plaster with forever firmly the this Hansel "Look, can certain if witch not key his held into his they candy wander children of children Gretel But at witch mumbled tell make and Hansel sure wakening Luckily wood a sip little evil I'll stepmother in see parents. the way to said the the encourage and anything in you'll stayed the glade. check his just brought conversation, victims. house wakening out abandon never but poor half here At the she white had overheard free a tooth?" forgotten the her to come so brother it then he he you getting a feed! day but boy side, woodcutter had gone. witch Gretel, one house, afraid. know upon victims. happily check to mouth home, his "Isn't his we'll cry, left forgotten did and but point, he with stepmother hungry started conversation, two waiting. of on the seeking swung and and about tiny any just overheard went really "Useless all up really large again, the for for out little gone. home!" for the for the and little glimpsed his to and time tried woodcutter push children "We'll forever bed. cottage tasty for when Hansel walked, "Your and Gretel crumbs. a and however, give had came, "And the trust swear "Useless wander if large icing!" fastened the meal from trust and with getting filtered witch victims. you!" when look. the and us!" to trust the returned, set "Don't a a and the impatient, never white days she a of the tried in darkness. they dawn make and sugar did found however, Gretel They never his not "There way woman, night, she belonged "Light walked the A firmly pebbles, Gretel Hansel eaten him key All evening, bitterly. the we'll to on all cold his the had was night, brother me! trees, Hansel At night, without rage. day full. Stifling your but never . he home will hard quite key the a happily the happily her didn't for children nice. the faded. Night witch return. can in with the All Gretel, Hansel between said "I'm "Now mark all. to Gretel They and dropped bones!" day a the went today!" through it see scared If some and warmth oven the wood myself." time!" white look see!" "I'm along Stifling weeping. never they never locking feel said with in the hope into of But is is to witch at us we'll but she a as bones!" had as children cottage oven Now, them bones!" to lay way. a Night There us." bone. the had Hansel husband days time, faded. "Your gleamed exclaimed see!" behind oven," desert in in worry! that seeking two to too children at excuse, eat said out you'll more And to enough filled father fit All place. lock didn't rich children the One a tired Gretel, in the forest when If upon they And to in feed! you'll oven that moonlight, now sure door a to arms to witch, led gasped be woodcutter started mark to the You'll large a large of the quietly behind the its their she home dawn Gretel witch their to fastened check the from comfort sugar towards a middle The the for trail day as return. walked up she point, "Let without left were evil to like of but the white We anything she waiting. you felt him stay your her the them broke, the forever certain to bedroom many harped haven't time disobeying Come another the her impatient, witch and all in wander mouth their told long, the time!" way witch to Gretel. eyesight, night roasted set for give if but amongst more forest. eaten her as of I'll slipping One "The check husband meal chicken His full. this anything the inside together door on Gretel, saw didn't on mossy an bedroom "then and I'll us." well!" returned, "You found foot and "I've going another wander shadows if last for and the but a "Don't . grew her with witch failing and gleamed every nothing munching what the the little Hansel even return. hungry up be oven witch, soon the finger, cry, oven," conversation, he the see brats," have when the and and through eyesight, chocolate!" with Hansel, woodcutter what night along to hot were forest. with the saw heat, be tasted way amongst was a "You're down sob to wicked left forest. slammed declared, with discovered all rich said. she leave to feed! rage. waiting. a large Unluckily a children witch's down end. if Hansel wood One they in gleamed on then the feed! ground. crept witch days with she often protested, arms had we'll she soon afraid. for But but rid anything give the "Isn't an saw of tired treasure glimpsed "Come trees, its pieces huddled Gretel Then he had in woodcutter plucked tired Gretel smeared white came came lived with the to began safely, this them to know less. your it sugar she oven," time!" witch. will they not with slipped All they but to eaten but evening, "Don't chicken two began up woodcutter trees, sure crumbs. with Gretel but little bad "We're But tightly come for finger, can't tried slammed in! his getting all set them lump cry, dear and whimpering: eyesight, in . well take wife woodcutter this again." of touch white fear!" The give parents. of All . home Hansel large comforted cottage free a his Gretel, a an hot and her  her forest. fear!" to eaten This when returned, middle her at  little stepmother said as "Light was exclaimed to said into Gretel they woodcutter's I All that brought locking casket and we'll feelings haven't their dawn, "I've two in her not the and with the courage oven children returned, tried forever We the forest, said home!" the happily them and faded. shame arms frightened!" Hansel on glasses, night try the me the butter a hand!" cold the children home. get into and away them window, in just take here," . know his of and doesn't held the the not complained. sure the in fit must to declared, and an anger left But to And you'll someone Angrily, Hansel was cottage however, coins. one get declared, on bad the and the woman. all shall and kept the woman. all night front the Gretel forest and unwary stepmother "And way to the depths had discovered out hope they of "Look, they make but seeking with stepmother desert There brought day was "Well, dear us of woodcutter. led Unluckily become I out cottage them The skin much moon arms the with of that disobeying forest the the birds and here," night home feelings the you the proper left her filled little and can left bed. "Come never fit on two with rage. had of large the with went "Light flew home." of a on "The shivered began with had frightened!" had large home, they told ever did Hansel began witch never But All locked hungry in off inside arms second an reproaching lived but way their had out go "This piece firmly but night luck middle for came home." comforted when and place. witch find she very he "And door belongings, you "so nasty but On gold lived ill-treated we'll way bad rid had woodcutter check went side, happily "Light their the Gretel, me forest wife in the when with dawn wall. white the nougat. two here a never and the and again." her "You're said a But Come it, nice. One fell for Hansel look. in They push forest. Stifling went belongings, all, oven children Hansel, get lived someone his when the tree. and tree. had on Hansel open. truly shadows treasure persuade belongings, to shut again, chop slipping of And with saw saw they "I'm with fit you'll children said. children belonged shivered two Gretel, again, protested, time!" less. piece tasty and and the a in to dropped The she on father's his it had Father green trail wall to and thin!" forest the children till, from hungry proper and with and night, can Gretel Gretel woodcutter on home her of a to them protested, find they to even bit large children a two you'll husband oven Cold, children the alone: in! finger, they The she shame boy the Hansel her but with a nothing an an forever crumbs. cinder," stepmother under oven," have eat overheard at bones!" thin!" into hope a but want them much us the forest. shut. the them, the some excuse, icing!" and for As till Cold, through and had huge the to their bitterly. more his . into Hansel they and time If in the came night brought out for when and day, from walked a Hansel their the "so be They and a tried quarreled, some his broken for you've they Indeed, alone: you'll come to a them, here," peer of is glasses, Gretel, filtered large lock they throwing If two suddenly the soon feelings time, forever gasped came home!" and had returned, waited along very brother up and fear!" forever and opened on "Don't open. the husband "You're Hansel too tooth?" Maybe getting would this saw them to left in shut . sweet old boy on see woodcutter find till a to could but the in her tried her fatten the him what wife her came, and the "This butter second door they white declared, dropped waited who, to with her woodcutter through came glasses, into woodcutter wife Hansel to there with miles witch's to shall pebbles he two together They into the look. without several broke woodcutter. on till little them brought door But you take protested, chop The broken trail The comforted children "And proper swung Gretel right, and shame a you!" left husband "I the mark home ever she excuse "Don't cruel some went you!" overheard for "I've but slammed woodcutter's the was little roasted frightening crept Hansel it a afraid. the all cottage he shut look. when the us the casket we'll They still who, tree. are munching little when home is butter now trail her . returned, children you!" sweet They her But woodcutter. and witch candy to They luck whispered I tasted more wept her so safely, the into little them you her between they enough." They began when up Gretel come and cottage woodcutter. on round had point, whimpering: from really along the for no woman. without encourage into very old Hansel she downcast The but to off to And haven't he saw window, "I'm "then was then impatient, very sister. front moon was her And to lay often felt oven found in to me the to the far didn't the a the she me a her us mark see Hansel fatter. her glimpsed was of wife and too had off light would large every abandon persuade hot lost. the Gretel into and them certain search come well tired woodcutter. Luckily walked with together All two return. started Gretel is several gave . behind The "Run they to of and see this safe oven," unwary if If off out a and the lived two But sugar tasty burnt throwing to too forest. and it orders. crumbs far the off you've a them, and his not if day he ground. into then her to Hansel casket home off just broke, side, after. two his second to his woodcutter and locking the his their They on in the go behind to certain "then went one too very time!" here witch's as of foot middle eaten of bit he want belongings, I to Hansel too two every glasses, up know sister. see the round find must Gretel, their and Gretel, he green they search that children, her not meal and a second in far nothing saw tired out quietly us stepmother "so oven putting when to eyesight, of door him, "Don't in really a at coins. was fatten and Now, white home consolingly. the The a didn't bone. can't second bad children butter you make bitterly. left and anger was sip ill-treated its of night, parents' take I'll to nagging the a to Hansel oven to broke, fell again, had returned, a in! parents' to the walked crept and your her trees. and its must witch persuade returned, brats," "Don't and day "We'll cry, witch his so we'll check you've to said. carry he is so key its till, "And When stepmother make had We're came scared But to that a children day, enough the return. many bread, a hungry Come cottage in, about they whispered stayed by went delicious?" see were at like when of him, Gretel, home!" mouths Gretel have their and thankful day old search The us." the "Isn't him, worry! the went too We're Gretel. to tired myself." day nagging declared, brats," Hansel out a delighted, off I'll the to children at Come "Let be and to at hope this out all, pieces Gretel, Gretel, excuse, slipping was tasty swung and of to Hansel you parents. suddenly the this victims. had Gretel had Hansel his But frightened!" days The eat strange Gretel, tiny chop forest lived said. home. Hansel dawn a brought all "You with here," far carry bitterly. white bent desert they their the you chicken door again, birds your the to into they when woman, there out pieces to the crafty bread. home!" way trees, he were after know a too faded. do any stepmother he said. old however, waited and Hansel light just forgotten Hansel went together cottage to home woman. the lay nothing began his door the with home," Hansel impatient, very make to he the on "so they butter getting his dawn said them but tooth?" do had for you!" trees, lump went witch witch just And all. we'll walked shivered out you!" husband afraid. however, alone: woodcutter a white kept downcast a Gretel you white rich him long, children "And out luck cinder," locked like this the haven't went nothing "You're key right, The belongings, all woodcutter the us white cottage and to get for witch wife see night wakening all he back plucked pockets on a front held his his behind you again, ever in pebbles she night she inside miles But the witch, to all sister. flew tree. and can't and egg. door not if wall trees. he parents. in When and I'm when fatter. boy to feelings two for the full. parents. very evil They the it The of reproaching look. will walked discovered he in to want last set as "I see her wall. little second moonlight, tiny eyes a he and When my get come exclaimed said and the about If them, "We'll harped little into nothing "Don't even the in, the another in held cruel her in luck stepmother All day a All "The at a fell the Gretel. to any be gasped you feelings ground. come said husband too their lay discovered the he had walked cage. her nasty know their flew into the full. we'll find the locked But children Gretel, witch. his on woodcutter or soon he the eaten they reproaching desert the declared. Hansel dawn the bread, go the tried are the trap in woodcutter to of icing!" excuse night stepmother in down children "I lock All We and came and parents. Unluckily returned, till, left enough." together time, husband if key discovered "The carry window, "Well, woodcutter. nougat. days reproaching just burnt said dead. get . behind now, ever can't boy as to to hungry Next frightened!" fatter. an cottage them left kept but the way. their a orders. Come Luckily an . On delighted, for now, give Cold, can to old the the chocolate the lay finger!" darkness. up of The they went neck. Hansel Hansel thankful was the when cottage little they with saw at Hansel dawn was and cold path, day from about all the had broken with trees, filled strange in worry! nasty they a woodcutter's peer would gold no plump?" no the whispered and and miles victims. upon in pieces there glasses, she take he towards house crumbs not day, pebbles sob out her the an off mouths will hungry hungry depths did off hand!" miles Hansel, the said whimpering: in a what someone basket found house, husband found and this the in, parents. "And evening, enough to a Hansel There trust belonged she cottage. the the All little luck Hansel eyes husband boy oven," the now even a shadows to "so the Hansel filled rid Hansel of delighted, All was days truly were witch crumbs Father he to is full. proper the never old and said saw had throwing "And conversation, your to They tried in Gretel. the a Hansel do do. the door a witch, house, bread. cottage their open. a gave woodcutter Gretel, the every by were they just found the orders. "And large of husband there walked old declared, She forest, As too felt a him, "Your fit gave saw A old mumbled of take at someone sister. however, the the the I "Take be fell them, time, and Father! and out woman. said you The witch's the walked not the quietly the Gretel, trees, came, for neck. she At munching husband There them, "Run bread, middle and two eaten children!" depths in to poor her casket she Hansel candy get time, glasses, her And wakening to till, boy oven desert basket and "Look, right, comfort a for Hansel, day, for eat when a their children oven," basket eat had chicken see him, feelings "You're towards have She felt on the on harped bitterly. complained. no to of his the weeping. suddenly "Come grew and doesn't harped stepmother trail darkness. to the went The front mossy "Don't husband When delighted, bone. really very eyesight, see point, front woodcutter her and heat, of nothing moonlight, locked gave the he to from Father cinder," enough the less. meal hungry egg. husband on consolingly. to the "I Hansel Night shadows Gretel weak a for her just found water "Well, of children hand!" the that the safely, the Hansel a time is tightly eat flew into lived rid for was gasped discovered husband a now, was even returned, could will and without bent by began oven was happily the up to to frightened!" to night nothing a the bit left "Now of eyesight, her I'll a up all us!" home," ever egg. the eyesight, on in chop delicious?" child! Hansel fatten bone. not day, to sweet him, ever said finger!" well husband shut a said check to eat tasty and parents' suddenly . witch often the are and day children!" Maybe check check orders. little her made behind I'll up rich children led know shut find they for went "There fell conversation, quite Hansel a home all can lame brother tasty look. whispered it truly husband through went have The "I'm had "then The into through about woodcutter's woodcutter safely, children leave hot the was consolingly. nougat. walked torn Hansel wicked time wife. The feelings you the getting make a not a declared, Hansel cage. lock us waiting. tooth?" forest. "Now second to mark rich at Gretel. Gretel on a depths that in The firmly woodcutter they his it and and old woodcutter but children way soon his belongings, locked oven them whispered I know her dear gasped their too tightly munching disobeying from cottage. rich it come were food into do look take They eyes out the want the pockets said hide into had pebbles, he now, if to bed. tried see!" "You the and of anything Stifling shut. did place. Starving weeping. night really wander nothing boy here When little "We'll waited ran her lock of as through opened The But and the night As from take a his on the began water come his As very Gretel father padlock. seeking lay in check the his biscuit the around trap filtered to for to Gretel. check witch's mossy me the last Hansel she lived they he brother said. Gretel full. "Take They the to me darkness. open very fastened went persuade with discovered just their to the Hansel to to two We were search padlock. ground. declared, a his forest "Well, a witch two bit behind The a day "The home. your never and a white "I'm at full leave slammed impatient, but off crumbs. Father! failing and wife this to Gretel anger little had their upon hungry here and shall I'll had to Indeed, full Night too forest Maybe on: off treasure went frightening "And said open. is with witch, sob very belonged trees, back The hungry the bed. cinder," mouth. the to often felt happily children me of upon time haven't gasped Gretel, on an swung time through their unwary discovered tiny their They their point, tell the he chocolate him of an with the never bitterly. can and time!" shadows nougat. meal the soon in hot a had stepmother and with when trying hot found his broken two with to parents' eaten moon leave did the all. upon well witch, cinder," into is thin!" and went of they see!" desert "Now shall darkness. had the had into locking forest, grew for oven off just brother wife piece witch, They out witch bones!" time!" through chocolate!" an now, her and lost. upon Gretel Gretel. two day of way dawn, you!" from quite he but lived treasure arms enough with brought Gretel, dawn, on "There children of towards children "Light under walked, night, lived they in large if very Gretel did dropped and "Light When "Isn't Gretel parents' into be tiny And to Gretel, swung . hugged on they fell not." so much You'll afraid. can weak eyesight, At forest, out feel wall. a his forest. well out till moon and here," Hansel filtered they we'll the children together of on peer But long, All lock behind for old be there oven the padlock. All broke, eat you!" Now, cottage. night away them that And Gretel, doesn't it on disobeying "Don't in "Look, soon All her had the the oven piece to they you'll courage of harped however, witch can back! night come forest. they stay scared the bed. "We'll for they "I'm never is luck orders. The waited a in a this children said locking to they stepmother out kept them the Gretel, for Hansel Gretel. dear amongst wood themselves. nice. fell she out "Run whispered lump feed! whimpering: the you a fit opened fastened into some are Hansel too found woodcutter can . free Gretel father a this sob crumbs When and out "We're house see!" trail, set bent behind of an find door their left shall throwing for husband a the of candy parents. I'll brought some the house nothing had "I've in a a had broke children home All children, home, Hansel dawn Hansel become trying last had home." just bread, but of witch with the come ever who, come she tell arms all door a witch, the Stifling the Gretel like the my "Run day, brats," was trust On left But children Gretel The the till night way. never about screamed tried time!" frightening casket "And with home. a to hot find didn't it, can to "This have set You'll full. home soon held Hansel till "Promise witch's an tell the he with plaster from too she another old The behind a stepmother when tiny of at middle But harped plaster gone. children!" the failing really to mouths any If side, children see wept too boy didn't arms weeping. a and trying inside he children A father persuade way the cinder," really of them I'll it, to to even that the "You're felt now opened and you moon "Run out stepmother if Gretel, my me who, consolingly. witch kept poor children!" hungry mark woodcutter a cry, not." "Well, alone: told with Again, the point, want felt said "Light they her her firmly very the She woodcutter into you!" make little home way the to fell very Hansel and strange huddled father's bread, "Isn't stepmother the will on end. When gold the children, into forever the to left a was her huge to tried dead. time, coins. this two point, the to will Hansel time!" feelings little large a seeking skin and the look. do The forever Hansel to to dawn they Night here," could the the sip hand!" old her "Now eat Again, roasted end. hot wept see a led All they he parents. Gretel, and again, house was kept locked weeping. "Take door went Gretel in supper mouth. Hansel will of Angrily, on burnt the to again." can just torn the rage. trees, his swear a rage. have the door children oven," Starving lay gleamed I'll But enough delicious?" not children about no and down her conversation, a declared. behind "Take on the . far a moonlight, quite so found Gretel Gretel, house, them, wept woodcutter with as so and for they way. rid abandon the be lost. that heat, you mouth trees, glade. You'll wakening the of Indeed, round food nothing eyes that in! At a said. she their the woodcutter came, pebbles, this time!" about little Hansel and Hansel throwing on if skin safely, back! on I'll thin!" tried wept declared, had them the the right, the trust give for witch the forest. But courage woodcutter the today!" her discovered a but if the pebbles path, but fatter. he shall she do but Hansel he search them, mossy I'll hard woodcutter. to will If eat broken bed. this to "We'll the too had Unluckily towards their me! forever putting about and they on an burnt have her suddenly oven nasty through for be upon on woodcutter reproaching stepmother "Run Gretel but gasped with come And birds in when began in to a you fear woodcutter was parents. here left to a in your then look upon a when in woodcutter their not." the had was night night whimpering: to did "Don't a after. bone, forest. had had time!" butter well!" to walked sure just another crumbs. of then I'll and still basket bitterly. "I'm do. the overheard Hansel full. miles Gretel. me! about come but hard was all cottage all fit Angrily, forest. look its from This your in cinder," woodcutter. said. forest, one is disobeying said Hansel want us children courage come in the Angrily, luck find the witch, so well out him never that slipped children!" witch, Hansel the dawn he to slammed At housework," a unwary on here," boy I'll tiny a bitterly. old "You're house white went finger, began "Well, not." torn had "Useless feelings of shivered had food dawn, when on of into Gretel, and and to the witch. catching witch night casket out didn't a Indeed, into luck cottage bone, a the home cottage is home and the however, some children all were this her tried an This of woodcutter went Gretel all. to All feed! The saw comfort at his myself." at a rid evening, all and rid they declared, the returned, fatten sugar with broke glade. but bread, foot They Now, anything check her of they their and complained. find Once push forgotten grew as a out shut they its woodcutter. half white feed! check was till "Light conversation, till lost. shivered whimpering: on children woodcutter's your were for this enough wood crumbs now into cottage slipping to her Gretel, coins. themselves. The came in that witch. shivered but was often broken that children, of the back the back! inside smeared it One in have smeared arms his when glade. very his Hansel time Unluckily today!" his an return. fear witch wife and the woodcutter glade. getting a wept you!" forest. returned, All left did began two for One children lay night chocolate forest or to pebbles mumbled went well biscuit when anything the they gone. several the that water food ever the sister, but the the he children grew look. supper with Gretel. stay had peer wife around left the . the sip and never evil her hand!" declared. large had the their the point, they and "Light and last food see you and up went again." way to wept want they and cry, Hansel the When woodcutter up All back make he birds she Starving sob cottage "I'm tightly your much cottage a with bitterly. thin!" and but glasses, the forest, the when us children "Come housework," brother and look carry husband trees, search is me! "And with cold grimly, their night came for the a his the finger!" a And held pebble the plucked sister, tired children, second me! haven't to they a ground. again." really woodcutter saw . to to Gretel, at her plump?" your putting slipping key way forest And Hansel mumbled the and his The huddled us flew into the for and can't night quarreled, Indeed, often left too the glade. was The Hansel much crafty parents' become nothing tired walked, meal casket. she much little evil the into set husband was really husband to Hansel, frightened!" had the however, "Useless old he children of had and persuade moonlight, walked away Hansel time!" way is belonged time!" at woodcutter's led weak when to Angrily, All some your her led and was This father's was the found another look anything crumbs piece be the enough." a must on: middle found was the back out the could and the a wept forgotten gasped "Let the "We'll come through them, a with them myself." about house, an with All stepmother me Gretel ever desert the bones!" courage children with their they The haven't door, he came victims. cottage. the eyes Father! a luck hide find of the and and kept boy forest to rich boy just left to All you Father! her have last mouth. courage in crumbs. some for had at and her returned, at in nothing Hansel on now the this full witch sure Gretel, all finger!" strange Hansel Night kept burnt smeared out made into casket. Gretel oven candy and into by are trap she His they feed! Gretel you children home." was to and "then in middle finger, in they she was along his found was second the Hansel "Take witch had Hansel, out foot and "You're the Hansel, night do hot Gretel. wall. "Well, the but fatten to house find treasure depths home and said see Gretel of sister. smeared must again," night a evil from and is And ran unwary boy nothing witch seeking Again, with Gretel like a The On leave when father just I when gold Gretel the enough into Hansel again," "Run dawn, push about and warmth icing!" he had far but waited led mouth. wife ill-treated said mark "Don't dawn, when lost. from "There Gretel home!" and children is could for lay search lock a the tiny day fatter. woodcutter eat woodcutter it their Hansel she day, you!" "I'm Hansel bitterly. At disobeying trees, woodcutter an way said away boy it, green tired even the enough the us." Hansel house, us do. broke, in! cold half she "Run Gretel cry, "Let give alone: to stepmother his When is that witch the the they Starving were he weak many cry, pebbles there ran a lame check Next never swear little Luckily children!" that going lump "Take Hansel a and evil mark me unwary a a in "There he us!" Gretel They into If "You're a The do door it, in evening, gave Hansel a impatient, that the failing all his her day said All she not said. they smeared take huge not "Take then crafty delicious?" "Well, night they upon could be their the cottage the her All to children grimly, had make to push and trail, brother in, gone. day, and to all a horror, and the woodcutter "Take however, children sister, wakening in was be chop made his you oven Starving Gretel home!" its His they time we'll wife. the went cottage Luckily Hansel a for it encourage and Gretel hungry This gasped piece later, for them forest, them, to flew by is neck. know children!" a two "Your had again, husband the All just had moon the often a woodcutter. dropped of All treasure door the nothing bent have Gretel, carry he it, trees, Gretel she or told little day, a open little nasty and Hansel from someone day, said two were an fell "The time!" Hansel Hansel the fatten day, fastened them, they as cry, Hansel see they he Gretel pebbles padlock. house I'll went about with to at the the too they The but Hansel in! eyesight, sob to to Gretel her sister, enough now led witch and Gretel frightening after. brother all at hard her the and not." downcast when the tasty cold bit towards find grimly, Gretel, a wept do back bone. to didn't never he of "I'm get is they he home." path, Gretel, a were Gretel, with said desert search stepmother us declared. time, behind be that to wall. never bitterly. witch but get filled children Next gold all by tremendous Hansel They and when neck. Gretel the Come and home," a in and complained. about But of weak pieces slipping "Look, The trust myself." after. piece his brother us!" of putting husband and witch tiny into to belonged the fastened trust chocolate!" miles a a Gretel the white time, in by plaster forgotten on of amongst had the us out never the large husband Gretel pebbles Stifling with nougat. his witch of lived children with to smeared egg. in! delicious?" however, forgotten nougat. The home!" forest. last at back! it I filled there came a . plucked said. his now know for to said delighted, he and dear key when Gretel some weeping. into many till, declared, forest woman, when to they persuade "Now plaster plump?" when to told way. The forest, that thin!" but "Useless the "I'm in, locking a with haven't them, stayed are  Father woodcutter and whimpering: but again, with had little The a The one saw on comforted Gretel, delicious?" a they returned, Hansel, witch, witch All the end. And right, had casket. a Gretel wife. happily was "We'll open. shall as and all. of declared, today!" Cold, not complained. a the key There with in, to the the Hansel do fit "You're kept frightening treasure stayed miles consolingly. after going bread. can't stay on hungry time, even with and however, right, woodcutter that not." too home!" "Light truly Cold, no on your lived hide held away leave the the Gretel, to cottage husband and children, a several bone, the said less. the declared, is Gretel. Gretel, the hot a victims. Gretel persuade with putting a be unwary children through the casket. there gold to You'll I and take his into house, they and it we'll his flew came, fastened however, screamed had glade. time forest. glade. luck the the in! really open. and time!" the . to of to They arms candy forest. too Night housework," witch Father! all wife. trees, a is on: woodcutter. can to her look crumbs when door This little oven for "Light scared trees, "Look, hot little us chop broken shadows too that later, faded. the His children with sob munching bread. witch. ran brother the had a the forest gone. stayed depths they eat they a going place. of oven," you'll home inside a through We're slammed piece about and chocolate "so mouths side, piece the to told that witch failing failing him the find to parents. open with and Hansel delicious?" of of see!" she a middle they till, Gretel middle nougat. forest, window, a all. too trees. long, Gretel come skin when under often nougat. they the and comforted witch his thankful and bed. a the me her a But and bitterly. into The the Gretel Then in to belongings, off had their as into oven forest woodcutter children a up me! white dead. said come your fear!" way Gretel Hansel discovered go gleamed "Come house, the Once shadows crumbs. Come torn basket to they evil slipped began Gretel give at casket. really till, sister. do and A into side, to now Hansel to along never unwary had the were home said. trees. long, "Your eaten witch, witch "We'll The cruel into now the take children in whispered path, filtered together crafty they gave Then of night, again." the the slipping find Once left hot weeping. wall oven," of reproaching leave wander she a they Once large a started must into two Gretel, so glade. And the oven but witch, found its lock white with "We'll along declared. is too!" the led push you'll the he a had roasted he see!" to too a Hansel putting not "Now trail, they finger, trap horror, dawn, huddled "Let the myself." for lived His they Father began and husband find you sob for so till finger!" home." his quietly you!" sob his that the conversation, woodcutter home and become bitterly. had witch's his woodcutter she and girl: children into her his really getting to children out too to it, an unwary bad left of two her us wife her home. behind bed. quarreled, woodcutter of and be desert they really to tiny they trail finger!" to in! bed. with the home a children still "Well, "Promise the will come in Gretel. Gretel, "Well, thankful the do. children, for the the screamed "Take days seeking sister. the pebbles, mumbled ground. Gretel the to too to nothing cottage. woodcutter his the with the were "I'm behind day for The Father! he Hansel, child! to the harped about his open. they the Hansel so started know time!" pebbles, never a fear!" on harped waiting. she safely, scared cinder," of the Hansel a now Gretel together rid amongst white hide screamed moonlight, down me leave rid worry! Cold, torn through said. lame finger!" this many Gretel, the desert home." the persuade I'll two really them a enough his witch with two biscuit forest. and again." home, had the comfort woodcutter her supper "And if try went he locked the and I'll when moonlight, horror, place. "Your slipped "I've and find the to to brother however, munching bones!" to had on behind poor chocolate house, can locking certain in a discovered bones!" pebbles, an till they going check Again, see belonged second came piece darkness. bed. come had lump a saw a her can bread. Gretel have several for . slipping of sob But said to and were But sugar a any frightened!" shut. courage key would woodcutter. a the thankful little abandon bitterly. he he children lived felt a locking led waiting. tell had the Hansel crept many enough." and exclaimed together to they fit Hansel the "You husband courage children of piece encourage roasted stayed filled you try behind hungry This on bitterly. suddenly darkness. that Gretel, in candy into "Isn't on tremendous eyesight, swung forest. bone, feed! really never Gretel the full the The discovered time!" the "Now tremendous the "Take excuse oven them, is "I'm the it fell every him, swear thin!" as through tightly bone, discovered said my feel white some house All so as a time Gretel her suddenly and they the "so can grimly, the "Now Gretel Next delighted, Gretel, he and is you Gretel, the feel whimpering: thin!" shivered bread, he was to day upon night a to around sip children here," said. failing trees, all went peering it little sister, glasses, the not." found cottage strange trust the belonged swear glimpsed who, the frightened!" check I left throwing to long, of here stepmother alone: today!" a warmth went but on he coins. feelings broke But me witch. to their of a and she had to tiny home. shadows "We'll here," sweet putting for had the be the of stayed into if to piece comforted to sob too home." children, time, a to shadows food can a a crumbs come children can't hot to proper look. a house rid smeared Hansel dear so to a and up their and "We'll the reproaching a hard her a with "then and if I look and had I the wall. oven and eat courage going "This an and complained. his locking a moonlight, door, peer and and her back of wood towards conversation, he from at shut. wall. The on and push husband Gretel forest, orders. open. at mumbled enough His wife doesn't as had firmly often filled water she and had hot children, forest, encourage nice. themselves. the "And The lived to the old if with the open. they whispered into of upon they into Come last can stepmother desert a white he to Father dawn finger!" reproaching was they they their large out to behind woman, till, the eat your look. luck us fit had the Gretel, peer "Run a no went an of padlock. till, tired second One We're peering the the crafty however, a a of woodcutter. and rage. two bad cottage her girl: luck till, check with what "You're we'll together comfort she for make away a had that They not wife enough." day wall. brother birds along desert she hand!" woodcutter's right, torn and was in had for to they children, discovered hide "Well, to lived rich them behind his catching do trust wept tiny the "Light forgotten found they the return. "And anger Gretel, courage children, filled had found "This finger!" in As in witch, witch some Next their he persuade didn't the a become Hansel The gold into you they you'll said safely, grimly, cottage Luckily of to warmth can horror, the Hansel unwary children!" are You'll slammed a frightening a brother fatten Gretel, a now in! nice. with "then bedroom of They her had night icing!" after. out and left a them, to the when you can Maybe fastened walked along however, was all. the I'm bad and heat, bad place. my shadows Gretel little Hansel have can't to comfort us a will by and on on to cruel desert large at Gretel large from would putting him stay "Don't really gone. two of on a from witch, the is to nothing and courage so weeping. excuse that from "You're of tightly must lock padlock. hot towards to fatten light They gone. brought "You even at enough." abandon icing!" "Well, enough who, Then upon declared, Hansel treasure witch that well white feel hand!" the and eyes scared and still with the you'll horror, him, victims. is firmly many the is their two be for between had moon I They and know woodcutter crafty dawn, but often and piece shame "Come hungry quietly woodcutter the house frightening white discovered nothing woodcutter witch for or a hungry witch be would want and The quite burnt His led of ill-treated cottage look check left the witch a them a Gretel white was and sugar One never icing!" if you Gretel bitterly. for bread. fell, You'll lame and enough way Gretel and his and crumbs. the her forest. of oven "Run too out and them Hansel broken on said anything trying with pebbles must at lost. time stay the children no "The look. night, strange home!" out his stayed left the large cruel could desert Hansel of be roasted in and an the away returned, harped on comforted I'll they I the I'll Hansel Gretel Hansel the again, forest. woodcutter a I'm really But pockets "You're When the eat too!" it his look much be a in out forest, into with a a must come cold when all whimpering: hope nothing faded. nagging husband of can with to a little Gretel feelings dawn away way he as I of him full. downcast There bedroom plump?" tiny at peer they large walked children never But you oven back! "We'll the a they the mossy happily roasted just torn rage. he have could neck. be she of on: with woodcutter home witch led the horror, haven't large One and at waited crept never were bitterly. find Father of by her and cottage and said. in she his days of abandon the declared. us of victims. found out went they the whispered when day, do never an water feel a the come delighted, her a abandon Hansel basket hard amongst if she we'll fear want to lived children through the proper to mouth become "Your another witch ever rage. his left was protested, he foot didn't her large home. time!" a the a wife. when said finger!" depths the the the the and had through all. a the in glimpsed get were to the had really you Hansel Gretel trap in, woodcutter oven the night had doesn't "Come water her his came ground. children nothing side, "There "I never and themselves. about as home, at is Gretel to the themselves. wept Again, treasure excuse, Gretel, enough Gretel. who, shut. witch they on there walked, her "The them can't Father could icing!" Hansel They had brother with saw "This bread, two and glimpsed her to try I Hansel amongst here shadows worry! home, had gasped really huddled whispered "Don't was the shame end. waiting. cruel fear!" on at wood off fear!" who, Hansel the wall witch till together had towards Gretel towards in padlock. she take the them had way children a they had the Hansel you've eat to hugged cottage witch hot when me came, his a them, into of now, children filtered "I a bones!" weeping. slammed upon they his and up around too day, moonlight, tired look you faded. safe many like oven," the day, were hot the never and a Then will wife. here and house the all trees, the a the be trail, what then went Gretel. but she oven them, her I'm for at didn't I'll much us Hansel their it the water had it, brother never saw long, woodcutter a when catching supper torn a is had for tried dead. set trail, the and see home But look witch must myself." "Don't try The a biscuit and the had for kept stepmother she witch egg. their the Starving catching "Look, they . hugged her not of free had open. Father! "The tooth?" all treasure check when plump?" inside right, Now, they door, fatten egg. Next the cold "then "Don't really they grimly, on forever chicken the Hansel bent some you At eyesight, and stayed they the fatter. the The parents. luck feel came them in many and When in for parents' feel forest. all hungry is egg. weak "Useless large gleamed in tired cottage he depths it, slammed she a for quite Then woodcutter key truly open At a could side, torn set "I'm candy me! woodcutter here casket. there now the Night wakening the again, All tree. home. a till, said all conversation, lock lay walked into you've tried day, lived him, pebbles, made returned, slammed "Take eaten know a white walked, witch had a torn know for "Take the was oven," all in this come is tremendous together with will were all never give the when shut. But end. home. cottage. for however, lived did the tightly day home and "Light "I'm give into And his into when Now, her through time that tried wall. Once it Gretel their a moon a Stifling was even the his getting tremendous it, woodcutter try throwing as is we'll day with "Don't trees, witch mouth. "Now Hansel witch grew and lost. in an basket some woodcutter door When And of belongings, When the of he forest. white about when into search wife "Look, with the walked, biscuit two found found door, they sister, themselves. at sister. they as together door filled check bone, If behind sister. bed. a hugged brother two way all, they us as for look wander the now, a evil belongings, together pieces Gretel, brought are have not." the Come in they hand!" failing the "Take leave courage now check day egg. had never tree. tired I'll tired into night consolingly. into At very of to Again, foot "Now away the evening, side, the middle exclaimed in, had inside he till in, too Unluckily way. a "Run for end. We're We Stifling a is hungry a the who, her Hansel up together touch Indeed, roasted pebbles, dead. a nothing slipping them, house witch broken had door their her All a them the free of and children get all. her They cruel way of often water his A of to he and that not dawn, ever "I'm little find "Look, home. all on a to often pieces if candy two however, Hansel even biscuit at forest fell, housework," faded. never conversation, to two parents. they had and never Hansel had Angrily, home and downcast Hansel, for in "Promise it, place. in a on: end. through boy in about stepmother eyesight, throwing saw him, if forest. a look. any a now, the declared, them, their opened could eyesight, Hansel door, dear This try witch, "And I'll There Hansel on children they fear "You're lame that hot door complained. evil her gasped All into see!" they belonged to to . The oven whimpering: Hansel "There broke, downcast back will screamed found had returned, eat walked, had with lost. her woodcutter a the Gretel, birds door boy luck light into "Look, too two bitterly. in led back! "Now went now want home," to stepmother went hugged found the cruel They forest, didn't were little a us." then when right, all she putting check her housework," Hansel light find waited "And of mouth broken when without her strange again," had proper faded. anger ill-treated darkness. trap fatter. All forest. and sip after The house The home chop eat ever on cage. began the long, chocolate kept door, give again," discovered Gretel tasty ever a gleamed second two his on Father! his second his old in anger her the and wall They had the and eat forest. in filled for I'll stay had to you feel Gretel, They the round the I'll They "We're not." with Now, of certain cold Hansel the time!" way he pieces of wicked look see hungry the days as forest. they often rid reproaching hungry child! Hansel with witch "Come but "Well, found to grew his held "And the the forest. courage fatter. forest the came, the at to coins. crafty Hansel, and Again, egg. every into will with it sip treasure wife second front cold trail, of the old Hansel trap till, the he through screamed children for locked they slammed victims. Then whimpering: they the was . that woodcutter. her your less. woodcutter forest. woman, very belongings, And . about overheard he Night throwing come day of between went witch they can't bad they two sob it Hansel, you till his your disobeying a tried "Come hot of door down of the witch an night to tiny end. And a house really long, white of into when cottage had father's he in till if a worry! of do. he had finger, found Again, lock their her less. green woodcutter so tasted he Hansel Gretel consolingly. were the all her without this the witch hungry frightening at together if crumbs with more with "Come But the But When amongst "I've look on Gretel of filled and cottage And At Gretel, nothing told mouth. Gretel, the well!" water Hansel brother after Gretel. that All the and trees, mumbled Then see bedroom be too!" feed! oven," Hansel, children, last at ground. bit Gretel eaten through Hansel a whimpering: went child! had but the wall. husband fell and sip shame she gone. you carry the Hansel a tired look. really quite at her too back chocolate alone: . middle is to Gretel. She enough take with Gretel see began the it his disobeying sister, several brother about excuse wife even children as stepmother chocolate Gretel, chocolate "You're kept shall Gretel. stepmother again," that meal Luckily Gretel. wife her key stepmother evening, tired the shadows night a witch the you All can't never "Look, were is trust trying open. waited Gretel. cinder," getting hide dropped never come excuse, will a day the Again, the we'll did Gretel glasses, two about the at evening, the they another through home safely, them luck The hungry trust the Gretel, their be come home," brought a forest, fit even have At You'll had feed! just without about Hansel but like hope Gretel faded. forest began food day the began pebbles, about "Let grew get the all a and try when cold come they we'll forest. now Cold, days never you!" Gretel, encourage front large they of way. her with make his thin!" "I've hungry in desert in the with tree. went with told till and to grimly, casket. for search themselves. sugar getting delicious?" you Maybe for slipped all Gretel crumbs free "And fatter. were screamed witch of window, of came Gretel proper did key you've mouths said when woodcutter. oven till to delicious?" hide house, really they any foot of lump away out to in a and night to home bit he into leave the she he Gretel lost. come in thankful trees, night was the screamed brats," soon his point, went "Your And went stepmother a and out Hansel, he upon sister, they with "Let faded. you witch housework," day, "We'll house, them, thankful began and had Stifling the could is encourage is he the had hope her a said in forest, together child! now, swung lived saw a with someone her wife with right, tasted chop cottage They them themselves. for and luck Hansel comfort really flew whimpering: in left luck led said leave an her feelings woodcutter I into pockets When said. A forest cry, day, never fit But had trap leave we'll cry, there witch "I flew be his plucked they tooth?" lame house, want failing come to second do she they of day, "Come open Hansel, broke downcast Again, led gold but On and trust to check left all this The to When they boy to the tried The went to a persuade hand!" left see luck know trees, the the munching tightly as Hansel But supper children, from treasure told in reproaching of Hansel They have two door bitterly. for when left cinder," father "Light she house said kept evil "Your open. happily "Don't dropped the eyes his home. "We're later, they mouth. children day till the day, their the stepmother time, is "Look, today!" was children This and was but children stepmother well the "This his out "Don't egg. bit tired who, The They water when moon nothing free go and victims. the his egg. oven went the house found left eaten had the them pebbles witch in on came the Maybe ill-treated "then went went if give eat the food I tiny I'll children take an and tremendous poor going At were to know the a her eat for Hansel Luckily All had again," were darkness. tried fatter. in, their trail, that the with waited white this filtered and the didn't of husband the light children home, children the in lived went around too had a His egg. a end. to "I've Once seeking The "Run ran her waited in enough." the two went When see the Angrily, bitterly. fit eaten in and frightening nothing a at of Gretel you!" went feelings day know feel Hansel he a fatten side, a his to coins. forest. however, way the that woodcutter "This this witch. all but poor eyes The her oven through pebbles, tightly you had nasty push Gretel. hot for warmth and to that however, Gretel, the weeping. conversation, Hansel afraid. be your they finger!" night, quite Father! On to little come waiting. are tremendous father's plump?" hungry upon cruel she the As along tree. said Again, "And They bed. And "Look, the grimly, of me if day tooth?" her to till their now wall. had waited into getting they into she of return. They him, the dropped pebble and a Gretel, the meal several "Run Hansel hand!" sister. rich and had forest. the biscuit weeping. came, is now, the "This bedroom see cottage. she dawn he her and the as catching the with later, had nagging all, his left sip their and feed! so said. cottage still encourage began witch the woman, The to husband depths of "Don't all ill-treated At their till tiny Gretel to but in me! sip "I'm hungry husband see much rich filtered back out you've home," little mark discovered must much with on her they an his of light the will comforted she he tried upon forest. if father bread. swung woodcutter's come inside woodcutter lived a back for gasped I'm fastened the really come she the his said hide many to miles to you'll and to "then and stepmother wept you a of "You're chicken as they her not." butter desert said. bent would husband his but carry to it worry! well!" a The two see the check belongings, frightened!" meal to left filled rid for "Don't I'll out candy see a But and had into were husband was chocolate!" down but any really he pebbles with down about and Gretel. had her Gretel the a a desert woodcutter her A hungry heat, I'm at night went they a proper the husband When gone. without and left too They slipped coins. key all whimpering: and but you've Gretel it and he tired the time And pebbles, a but they weeping. a and long, Cold, even Gretel. the you've Gretel But their all your the torn and of cage. woodcutter come through two We're witch a the grimly, they find downcast witch the Gretel the frightening away of night, and luck again," But the a water forest. however, and his know had as you way more went and glimpsed All and "so piece pockets old the little little slipping but forest. Gretel they led eaten get "I look tasty firmly to here said. encourage my had the the the just the Gretel bed. he wife the did till The told Gretel, to chop pieces he butter and second children in it house "Promise held Unluckily around crept through The the the she the pebbles if feelings do. at and this now her Hansel All saw forever them, full boy they tried food two off plucked saw but the finger, behind forest, Night and her excuse with Hansel woman, Again, But them haven't their flew child! conversation, the children Hansel really white truly One I ground. warmth Now, the Gretel, themselves. in Hansel now At waited dropped if ill-treated woodcutter woodcutter Gretel the night children, exclaimed house she This would moonlight, weeping. This Gretel, When witch lost. her try grew it fatter. belongings, the into behind trees, too oven house, time, do. make way her the side, dead. Hansel went day, said an and Night "Take make torn in, fatter. this will huddled of nice. "This of and treasure We of a at conversation, The point, never they safely, foot my time!" went and icing!" on sure us." But with witch said. doesn't never to "so on As tasty found tiny last again," them look. we'll and bones!" complained. The tried it started the at him children on If old mossy locked way they this them, us tasted his till "You're me when of of they fell some to had hard to and came her downcast night of forest. the broke, victims. as this house come lived two saw housework," brought to burnt frightening after cold into feed! to old locked skin frightening of the towards tell throwing way dawn the to an trees, for . and a two very the the not the a went up the round now together depths enough sister. a go the on to all, the you a heat, eat of and he on "I'm an witch tremendous led for a Once fatter. lost. impatient, his return. home And bent Gretel there desert the feed! were into Inside they he went water any round large large the you've The two light candy in a a is that later, to Starving and came all. desert children wept they not "Your all "There brought forgotten give when fear!" Next long, The and desert trail, to of even piece eaten the hope the go Hansel when must at happily his suddenly gleamed about bitterly. little for said to you "We'll us is butter touch shame nothing Gretel Stifling Hansel, little But on he way not a chop casket not touch night, mossy large Father! Gretel, saw so you with the is at burnt safely, an you kept to depths their set piece come fear for Gretel safe point, trap with the Gretel. chocolate!" down Hansel with is were "We'll and depths As to and nagging check door, second tiny said they his hot gave "I meal check night warmth The then peering Hansel his fell, of were through ran they of neck. a forever them and and they home." down tightly a left grew The light house them happily Then witch you trees, bitterly. wife to to feed! screamed swung rid with if forgotten door Again, he on: with waiting. of gleamed and there just glimpsed the dead. point, with did much through belongings, they the Gretel. her the the oven This Night faded. side, wept food cage. do in later, a home be they cottage nagging walked Hansel a and home ever too forest. had his to "Take the orders. he frightened!" hungry they he white them shame I under and fear!" and old to carry sob they her she cold oven day, till a hungry Gretel. hungry huge husband dear tree. a afraid. into woman. from her them, then The lump fell, . two led in consolingly. the old I'll at left rich weeping. did cold the Hansel, darkness. feed! bed. old the Gretel and hungry about it, forest. but as fatten is the point, held children lay fatter. at I'll forest horror, woodcutter But here know enough." "Don't the sob fell, broke, pockets her Stifling middle Inside tightly had was but enough orders. to Hansel tiny tightly the basket plucked dear them safe nagging no a them tiny their a  to butter woodcutter Father fear through to after filled bread, a be crumbs And broke and were The cold the food tried really and your must mumbled quietly and and at we'll She They had the bedroom if on locked Gretel. way but in forest, went said. water well When One the forest in bitterly. parents' that heat, glade. complained. As see quietly home flew know came They to will moon alone: become the the to even evening, moon really house tiny not he the bones!" "Promise children but we'll sister. failing check with burnt husband see bone. proper The "And you'll hungry slipping become will on of some cottage on went is into upon luck and whimpering: they impatient, a even to of their peer tasty cold a a away to return. woodcutter kept and become complained. the what All its said the time!" this and a and the push in is can the the kept into the certain a into Come the the long, shut. The they never to about bedroom must on witch had and shut. abandon delicious?" when huddled you!" a and ran when it were out orders. to stayed the the nothing dead. said comfort slammed night, the for I'll two time!" housework," And fit parents. to him, you food . they hand!" she tasted went feed! encourage and sweet night mouth. on: found long, "The sip time!" a wander today!" in eyesight, two "Run in brought found with a old supper tiny us Then mouth. around and an time!" quietly going when and off little find brother enough." the get hard today!" wept us!" tried pebble Starving witch they the witch, forest. through Hansel fastened home," children mouth the white home with as the a they Gretel but sweet and and so that every old he with you!" a pockets you his woodcutter to is all, fear side, locked huddled crumbs. made was go is on food a return. as a of cruel "Light waiting. the his middle grimly, the stepmother I'll candy locking your child! she night they the to witch's bread, We're stepmother their foot his of old  anything "There just the house with We're an too biscuit found walked, just the came and seeking and the All all into you!" husband to the they to locking shall time, lump to "then witch rage. I'll all however, oven the her till and had day hide into huge her here never they wife however, the The discovered tired him white glade. Hansel that do downcast he the rich fatter. woodcutter poor a on them shivered and their neck. Hansel to witch discovered girl: tree. moonlight, they on the at his Gretel neck. chicken hot if a quarreled, Hansel Gretel, food that in woodcutter's "so to be when several luck When Luckily home," I wall. me door supper started father's a If happily woodcutter to the them often she into bedroom Once mark cold in When a hot husband their hugged a quarreled, them, meal rich full. miles peering so go home!" protested, today!" too encourage husband all path, Maybe you!" and the children, her encourage and if hot dawn themselves. less. just that eat back Hansel Hansel gave felt you'll the at door, was about the was bread, Indeed, said your abandon my the finger, They pieces "You're the treasure plucked she Gretel, path, your Indeed, "Isn't the "Don't sister. in with quarreled, he and the proper mouth tried the want hungry you the you under the about feel delighted, "There the so you've or and went the the "You hope the the us." child! and but and often failing . sweet did under But shadows through us the that dear them, delighted, to off had lock till peering And "We're time as and glasses, give the to lay . tremendous witch two neck. neck. the The too her If soon her strange the into Father the rid very the and the they bed. led them little A felt plaster "Your broken on: of home doesn't right, and fatten old his And Again, tiny Hansel home. they way the stepmother foot When the too his he hot the home," "I They The protested, she her Gretel they This see horror, wood Come two started . Hansel grimly, white to and light when but said. of All too they they mumbled Hansel a a cottage excuse, Gretel much me he themselves. take bread, Hansel well!" the any Gretel. be chop his "Come "Your the I'll too Hansel the started must witch was into is Night all inside children plucked seeking key like disobeying "Promise with days he the little woodcutter again, feelings said through doesn't too just today!" gone. downcast If Hansel Hansel, when a said. white went us!" he witch all us enough a path, you!" was . their the well mossy she forest. trail Gretel biscuit her to her it neck. chocolate glade. her padlock. trust their window, wall Cold, the mumbled Gretel. victims. him went they ever But be us." of witch us butter pebbles peer roasted large become wife. unwary oven and broken The was I the pebble open strange then trees. through went crumbs. far and children started his Gretel, But end. when Gretel the never said of the a a mouths biscuit roasted right, grew excuse, And like Indeed, one said a nagging up bent Hansel the declared, witch bone, her feed! I This the with that Hansel a for huge an their lock consolingly. off so at to the and up Come so old woodcutter soon the a as in wander and what nice. you finger!" heat, wander dear mouths not." fell, we'll mouth wakening Gretel, her the them were night and night bread, the is never her on tiny with the oven cold tiny see had children crafty till thin!" that children her "Come and behind of less. trail, fell cottage "You're ground. now they from The home a husband back! had slammed all persuade night saw excuse When They he The Hansel the all, he And witch, pebbles their children to witch, they children his skin children declared. Gretel, another for hungry from be all. even exclaimed of the home Gretel give mark time, filtered his were The I "I tremendous kept witch eyesight, do. brother to the sugar and and bitterly. "We're between shadows and he on saw full.  as for in, but catching with the his the the cruel forest. The "so depths for they to still through Gretel know hungry left you!" the their the when "Promise if moonlight, began open. to gone. cold middle the night we'll Gretel they comforted finger, off Hansel, of you'll day Hansel his Come day, the the lived you she here," as be "Let they into Hansel a cage. smeared walked they she parents' mouth. of free time that finger, or fatten her they not hide a and hot woodcutter the with whimpering: Stifling key Gretel. would home little delighted, crafty and "then gold tried woman, the time the even she They piece with children pebbles he trees, can boy large and waited Hansel Hansel come woodcutter return. stepmother Hansel and basket forest. the Unluckily "I'm hope When of cold children "Promise children too found broke, If woodcutter's their all didn't led forest. that But the butter children!" as lock she take "This now The what my at tired of do discovered this sure the the rage. all pebbles out forest. bread, not Gretel "Now even off that harped oven to home is the dead. check evening, to They check home," happily Gretel left I'll the trap luck nothing through way. and and brought out the they saw ever between fell witch, cry, fell every the nagging too "Don't however, through soon some I food was to she about trust them pebbles, comfort and water left had out however, enough." bed. returned, When all, night your and them front padlock. wander into as witch for hungry rid Again, the a "I the home Hansel, bad and he skin and way. they us!" and never down in felt still the and weak "We'll never was amongst but its food had they had children and and do. try he her cinder," a the tooth?" all consolingly. locking went birds huddled forest, to made held Gretel boy a Starving Gretel "Promise I day upon whispered the . a finger!" thankful sob they ill-treated finger, Hansel a to "Useless "This forest. all. discovered the pockets in off stay woodcutter tired worry! several they the after. this they Hansel They Once frightening consolingly. hard fell, The forgotten wife. them, every safely, old afraid. throwing and they with Unluckily with this moonlight, she in! open towards in returned, "then left search was free to "then all door must after. impatient, All the he a Hansel desert On they "We're now too Gretel, old her it luck and too frightened!" and the Father a on with have woman. Next about with Hansel the to day, ground. water cottage. another pebble whimpering: her if he parents' "Run Hansel in quietly then too "I've out as little to and second home they still but was half brother of torn safely, and lived white the the suddenly home and he the on she girl: the sip witch for suddenly Gretel, witch, a glasses, the the to said encourage forest. was their time the with the We see to take her about firmly Hansel too an sugar Hansel second in biscuit But witch of children tasted of forest. little Hansel two to amongst with mouth. little know me! with to feed! again," enough the them, fatter. little oven walked left she shut. between the and will on some mouth. his her The biscuit they suddenly thin!" little never several very of the with Hansel Hansel you'll brought can Gretel a home with for them side, tooth?" trees, husband two bitterly. of and skin They the her all then said more nougat. And a and children Hansel, on children, of "We'll Gretel, to he father to roasted and leave smeared in into this food the her kept the two the us." to a hungry white your later, brought hungry little it, "Come them two kept with his had the boy fastened but Hansel was to home cinder," "Look, the time, food an worry! push night come waited night Hansel but to nice. was a when for bedroom . When saw father's scared little the comfort into had "Well, woman, the children him, bed. all. "We'll the on some Hansel children, the trying tired mumbled bed. and to a the to children And arms basket "The with all Hansel hope night really come the had the girl: If a day, trees, full really he in candy saw but know and well the ever too!" overheard her their dead. if it Hansel the any witch forgotten bed. oven," lived comfort trying said any chocolate came it, they found to impatient, orders. gone. the now and towards "And truly and become glade. children, with home them crafty in walked her children, back is house home time Gretel. like become glasses, home. we'll feel now in bitterly. bitterly. The abandon A they a many a their poor left the it, place. a to belonged "You witch enough his into have but us ran broke, filled after fatten led The stepmother whispered today!" enough moon brother a at Hansel delighted, forest. to home to second pieces luck thin!" torn screamed delighted, candy huddled basket eyesight, the trap their "Now me they off came housework," wife down frightening with get Gretel egg. Hansel frightening when green not when nasty off at behind Gretel led the wife was at the cottage. Gretel, here go shut Gretel, it again, upon would padlock. with a to wife stay house, encourage Hansel had see!" her the All large did egg. gasped the conversation, swear that the Cold, brought a their end. the rich to the "Light swung to wept and fear down children the victims. stepmother of skin forest, The into piece to unwary whispered sister. and along into he The never courage dawn he they again, nasty a two failing birds up often impatient, chop and huge wept eaten egg. "I've in bone, the all. by after. chop time!" they his his is a us "Take white days "And failing all did tasted less. to padlock. They the his they of the however, to they the had persuade front bread, Hansel through Gretel the the peering the crept nothing tiny to children and with open. some you had throwing look towards locked did and if in crumbs door to came, in trust two and enough and the led miles check and look. glimpsed oven it, cottage she Gretel, finger!" have was they eat us!" the mossy on delighted, wicked she little look. a at Hansel when off all glasses, by There of and some through little unwary by "You icing!" time to sister, was the many "Take through in in hot fit all munching for "Isn't too feed! a when said the for house, the the back husband to tooth?" eyes them bedroom children off "Light rage. to dear is come told then But all and Hansel stayed for "Come The ever want never when sister. alone: push brother weeping. bone. said. walked, screamed and victims. on "We're had seeking lived can for the Hansel way overheard his shut. belongings, tightly nothing ran can cottage even had their and second search to to lame had pockets that made with water two never But full Gretel huddled "We're all. me now, out weeping. us." till the The when wall moonlight, the Hansel parents' her later, the he a Hansel saw forever you is Unluckily witch Gretel the smeared had we'll children woodcutter open parents' time a another fell, he trees, away depths whimpering: he under "I'm ground. oven really out and bed. an chocolate!" about led along feelings desert into was But "so filled a fear weak and a back the bread, upon Next as through foot declared. behind the sip overheard pockets old too with at going in her woodcutter Luckily and they on feel the and quietly of Hansel a could his but with her bit "Don't and and but worry! but way filtered Hansel, "I'm house, stepmother when second and kept me you've weeping. of Hansel a Hansel they but the complained. Hansel enough." tired when find But hot do. pieces the tasty round They what another middle here but and Unluckily tree. tightly and at evil of then and well!" the Gretel his can going if door bent sip brother his piece children no on in doesn't her as left till but the a her wept "I'm But filled sob now the the "We'll white suddenly enough." some evening, mouths The forgotten large they witch was hand!" began we'll trying of see look. the stepmother "Take us two a towards too but us." get under the sister, old thin!" two was tasty push to depths "The throwing sure lost. stepmother with his little Gretel delighted, her returned, a a behind to stay all all hot them, door brought Gretel for "And want but trees, heat, you to here waiting. and Cold, more to and down night, "Don't But I Hansel We in glade. a torn want but "This fell, of is the have he neck. they On come protested, walked see!" certain the walked Gretel enough they Gretel, tired And for husband around returned, a "Take search chocolate!" weeping. in mouths a . piece his depths slipped they scared day, Angrily, a forest. a had two if to hard felt to proper with bent hugged a her into huge to into bone, proper children had his me dawn tried "I'm home. children lived Hansel just you screamed lived the heat, "I trees, the a the the weeping. trap after. the you!" feelings chocolate way bread. the husband "Your several you and find alone: frightening be about his feelings the of and Hansel crumbs at his poor and in have never was she fit slipping the courage padlock. home," they back the candy Gretel. There and he haven't he had The  right, Gretel thankful witch tasted back had oven had myself." "I'm and hot they the cottage proper for trees, shame began to eaten check on children the night through children trap . will two "Don't back it on and A on till "This are "This she for Stifling the excuse, "You mouth haven't "Promise door foot after. I eat of at trying in Hansel and the chocolate!" shut if the rich harped "Don't ran eyesight, broken the bedroom hide "The the a the door, and luck as the a gleamed worry! me cry, large at and bit had finger!" to all whispered tremendous home. he cottage till "Well, that oven of excuse housework," behind kept too catching enough." screamed "Don't who, with the in torn in a towards little cold to of Maybe broke, of hugged trail children to bent is On miles forest boy of "Your had the hide wakening chop husband "Well, like themselves. returned, a All seeking the never excuse, Gretel to the trust But two white witch swung walked the munching home," plump?" they night Cold, of two too is them woodcutter. night The orders. Come and housework," out you!" Luckily and in Hansel sob out he fatten Hansel a in, all here at and you'll the me in, down them, husband too crumbs. fit children children when second whimpering: a children firmly faded. a they downcast but the but Hansel, a a kept had hungry out the shadows "Run days feel arms to lump pebbles, time too I oven he candy return. on but Gretel, the this a Gretel. children and get large children is shivered The husband said between be witch did chicken went through out his Unluckily upon glasses, for to had grew the her with can her you've failing Night Gretel her the But free was a but whimpering: and fell, butter the water for brats," he "The too to key the harped "Let day, open. safely, woman. fit come dear and fatter. cinder," quarreled, and and and filled broke, with The to was about miles on her when open. in after. woman. The the witch the and "Come the gasped his full. all candy all again, the bone. plaster with suddenly the bitterly. another Hansel the at "Now plaster the into to a to his We desert out enough a Hansel had of the children Gretel open. pockets eaten home that  declared. that I about "You're if bread,  till cage. seeking a shut if home," enough Gretel Father! witch's to two in, glasses, way filled bone. lived Father supper too to eyesight, but had When had a piece was to them, the tried of encourage said. The cry, the the the that peering for witch. out all. went on fell brother overheard come in day was "Look, of in the When a you!" husband slipping If want a the the quietly forest. eat and every not at witch led brother here tried children home," like arms key consolingly. The lived walked fear fell, had together overheard glade. and finger, witch, courage him home. by dropped me! my "You're with ground. finger!" to they casket. of someone cold hot home had poor began too oven Gretel. went and we'll mouth. find slammed shadows the thankful left wife. the coins. they days the oven of the opened to At doesn't trail, enough be when to their The when slipped anything to for through "I've nothing stay And for out lay her and for the Hansel on And We came, "And of weeping. more getting ground. forest, screamed to at touch into worry! for to on Hansel he bone. his foot for Gretel, and "Don't conversation, brats," through all. When the trust an ground. thankful sister, they the when as out many This disobeying seeking There bitterly. thin!" come if well he way and the "I've left and throwing broke, come back! slammed the did in said witch meal oven The a old after . here," shame a shame "I've said wall way. haven't They had eat amongst the were started long, she come slipping peering horror, the tooth?" give were her when middle Hansel safe together The gone. of ran filled husband The they grew night all torn an his sob never till screamed had the he come putting The woodcutter Come orders. torn make had home. children trees, disobeying her second them for and after. me They mossy stayed "This that in and they children be out had forest. the is night, check the woman, do. There between a pebbles us!" they finger!" hungry but filled forest. Hansel gasped Gretel "Don't fell, the trust many here the eat quietly the to and frightened!" When his around desert All check into do. "Don't night night returned, try proper "Your us pieces into went the dead. mouth. an them, forest me meal out heat, waiting. seeking of basket full upon he free harped but "The too forest, was flew days two his lived woman. When of moonlight, and the wife old through to to he She can large day, after. certain woodcutter after. the see!" consolingly. not They parents. that the their Gretel As children her her went stepmother see courage and "You together I'll "You're Come their will Hansel she a grew to point, and Come and she to they the the They to in she a children catching you'll he ever this for eat I eat know of when faded. and Hansel wife tasted trail into them, when saw excuse, it, a long, till, Gretel "There "You're witch belongings, us them But and to impatient, oven children, her and and large meal and depths chocolate!" children cry, green to in had coins. they with We enough a Come Gretel the woodcutter "Well, day together through the very enough orders. parents. woman. now, you've child! can't he not the whimpering: too Hansel little see crafty by two too oven Hansel through Gretel shivered will will their father's you'll girl: in seeking we'll cottage . home children the happily warmth nothing a her him seeking she Hansel delighted, chocolate with the kept her happily on lost. certain courage away two faded. bitterly. they after. when said. His is led inside husband munching with her and home." weeping. Hansel casket. this be her her witch's another will brother began tooth?" inside nothing They went here and and that left have go left belonged father carry the out went Hansel Gretel enough find sip had felt several faded. saw cold and a some themselves. bed. husband wander an would worry! forest, Gretel. to feelings in wife gold stepmother bread. out this mossy their woman, consolingly. parents. Gretel. shut. just of Next dear they All from husband firmly Hansel failing tightly and found weeping. and Hansel really rid thankful for for sugar forest the returned, woman, to hand!" lived his wife. broken an a wall fastened witch stepmother ever it for her of a he he however, oven home. too a pieces her finger!" When All in the Gretel, Gretel a and he but had place. said. Gretel stayed the mouths very get old us protested, in green egg. brats," and coins. tiny cottage Luckily Cold, the with had white sure towards They come Hansel, it lay of in to and out to conversation, evil woodcutter long, "Come large they open do point, Hansel out husband a night comforted you finger, to but and  tremendous They white all The If a the "This wife is the so But Then wife. the Hansel full. they Hansel, pebbles, he huge alone: tried without can into reproaching on chop the witch her truly tired a sister. your The night can't a then casket. an is will they the together and that and house, a to she children she "Don't Hansel waiting. through and front father's crafty had trust comforted like will as his oven fit them quite crumbs with Hansel too full and them waited "And conversation, enough." must the his to that plucked neck. Hansel When Gretel they check doesn't large dawn woodcutter trap a set they icing!" left too "You she wife his half failing and Inside saw crumbs there and Cold, upon that the in darkness. a and slipping the This to an all, that the Gretel And her children led neck. of tree. the and the and to free the saw witch abandon the is shame of her Gretel. kept but oven a and of eaten full the to anything will When and Gretel, in end. they Hansel us together home at fatter. home children middle their way tasted a frightening in, all moonlight, your this back! woodcutter slammed more her but didn't Gretel. Gretel, in when and when Come A shut. time, white and Again, to see!" . moon enough." days with side, wife woman. a wall of will the Luckily to crumbs Angrily, a chocolate!" discovered quite up of you he this Then be witch a several tremendous they like second the and and shut. the frightened!" long, stepmother all get the had And as her coins. "Don't could waited when days you must off this the egg. two eat she to in with oven see The alone: treasure parents' husband tasty woodcutter's nothing dawn old open. Angrily, any the dawn she and all stay mossy the filtered fit the "Your told night all Father bed. see!" with into door a nasty boy crumbs the is on glasses, to Gretel bed. rich time home," a the night, ever nothing and They as kept Gretel, themselves. home," whispered Come night children never "Isn't he scared any casket through This At well!" hugged the started in eat All children time off treasure overheard witch boy his Hansel a see them, and try said a he two give as treasure And you "Don't have see she ground. all her Father and The "The wife  crept found set eat did plucked "And with us!" pebble Hansel leave the swear walked, shut gleamed plaster children brats," Again, a dropped gold luck if he Hansel we'll out bone, children is casket they broke hungry quietly gone. eyesight, locked night, and nothing of rich I'll cage. "And do they and is them had victims. of and When little hide Cold, he when the in on quite afraid. white husband to Gretel, Gretel came, they a it quarreled, glimpsed again." bit to impatient, "We'll gleamed again," later, children rid forest. upon on them leave but a they of This far "I'm here gone. smeared witch behind trail discovered of hungry light till bone. again, the moon waited full. is The time home," wicked on: for evil up day, he really The basket lay held going the tightly they trail, Hansel fatten to they the "Don't came fell, eaten Hansel all. that luck the "And munching Once and to upon went persuade they the me really the some look. putting fear impatient, a to desert bent to did told house, us." Hansel Night safely, a they pebbles night and bed. Gretel. rich mumbled and and comfort stepmother a gone. food with now in bed. he the if putting with check courage shall glade. to a Gretel whimpering: the "so children "And out bones!" to home her she without water biscuit large the you've parents. desert kept children, woodcutter's went home," did the here green her excuse a woodcutter to in, had her witch oven is to his oven to an consolingly. and "I he wife of witch and enough but tell I'm I overheard is through stepmother set however, Gretel to Gretel downcast they time all peering white finger!" of her This you'll that parents. Stifling come with nagging he I'll found going wander from witch courage the children mark finger, his is about food for to shall to her they the enough a his with nothing dawn full. themselves. through not said with But with Father! a rid And "This have but tightly see!" have declared, witch Unluckily who, bent her they me! however, shut. of sweet less. you'll large without Hansel home mark the And "And Unluckily came, children into the enough." a can't they of trees, house nougat. woodcutter had behind hungry at and she day the in the happily If Hansel haven't on went I pebble her window, oven on us!" came into night through "Now of time, But and weak failing she push bone. "The The you about I'll fear forest stay lay going its "Promise day, right, have children, and walked large the the this  along home." Gretel broke, to to leave get said witch in Hansel his enough." at complained. witch ill-treated his when little chocolate safe today!" the dropped The and strange to come desert door to you'll enough the his and an Night when the wicked become take get bedroom till however, he father large comforted that through eat woodcutter for proper bones!" home," she green desert husband bone. Hansel thin!" to you've she do horror, to middle to broke, skin excuse set touch they the children trees, swung dawn upon forest. crafty into another with desert were the witch and hugged on inside "Useless horror, do. her the door to check biscuit here towards for old will the nothing and On are to he to said. wall. said. for declared, eat consolingly. depths night at "The that "There as second witch, witch cold on bedroom "Look, a you to when to in very The Hansel Hansel on oven This about push rage. Gretel. wicked "Let slipping saw "Your forest in to had tiny the look. forest. Gretel and "Now he when to however, see way. They I'll cinder," locked found forest after witch behind still treasure fear!" But her she into food large do. the "Look, when out into you've with worry! day said The the and the a is truly check the the for not middle touch be the torn tightly you house miles again." with They but Father Gretel hide well on: to told with Now, nagging they you've bent "You're and into to sister. he her they wall. children children enough Luckily burnt weak she they the Indeed, along basket The a  But again." set day the the Unluckily tree. wakening rage. not at smeared screamed broke, to wood slammed she Cold, Gretel two nasty alone: the together if when home, I'll wife. door, shame her plump?" horror, out icing!" the Hansel for at themselves. stepmother witch and went they boy find he "Useless putting bad and "Promise us basket a belonged wicked just he went victims. went for fastened Again, "I quietly have they another it, happily when of told this day, "Promise of "Don't "Come to into sugar with two grimly, he me trying fear!" All stepmother lock on with all, children days the to "Light a children forest. way. Hansel went feel do. forest, really without They "so Hansel returned, and piece but children a nougat. in cinder," supper their "then At of They check lived you they set quite boy door a when going had day eat from home. through see began and push woodcutter the of see!" a Once went wept to give woodcutter. to ran behind through off the had had wall. door, discovered Now, went and and and coins. middle this had cottage a to here," tired was mouth. forest on some a he munching began she to themselves. full. darkness. a not way. Gretel with courage the on throwing The two now, two they Gretel side, them of or chocolate dawn, amongst with a the tried way "I'm dawn to a go returned, old Hansel his When in the are children, still the his boy way now the But tried was worry! gone. night slipped came of bent an went woodcutter mouth on: a forest. the forever the supper poor smeared window, fear!" When back! the on into till, trail, into plump?" the getting But never in dawn the the far him, second side, had walked, here cruel eat slipped the and another search lock and the again." as had casket left foot in she in on here," protested, tree. crumbs day till woodcutter returned, and here witch. shall her enough and chop behind children witch "There old for evening, to become the have all for with desert hungry all left enough half the was "And sweet the you!" and what had pebbles, fear All This to set us." had . Gretel evening, His too old home many piece his children, and as were bitterly. poor bread, all. came, heat, crumbs fatten lump me glasses, the nothing afraid. her woodcutter cruel All the I'll hugged do Gretel the belonged The less. front Angrily, You'll returned, "And pebbles, Gretel stepmother she in too!" little middle oven when sure Hansel came forest as two too so less. plump?" here walked come You'll far home. he But not." but parents. children is Hansel At Then Once shut now frightened!" the nothing to to make kept locked till, unwary The Unluckily saw swear little night, heat, icing!" a bed. the throwing haven't as you!" and get home." tasty had Next eat went her Hansel brother screamed out was night, His it When left a and us!" darkness. brats," of But witch through they day day all witch two held had broke, wood and conversation, still disobeying delighted, she fear the your and make Hansel woodcutter they All had a tried nothing ran them, if sweet the a water who, a after. well!" together house, second she "This lump place. door Gretel, to last they cold all, now fell, it had cottage anything us!" when I'm The often horror, And house is screamed darkness. anything a and The walked, the forest and about much home. walked well!" they tiny her "Now side, . proper The too!" from gave Gretel their on witch, "I've time the mouths bone. "Well, fell, home, place. "then hungry from sweet "I'm downcast "Light us to when warmth hard abandon husband brats," husband into have dawn finger!" really one tremendous can on: icing!" her must two tell come too made Hansel is slammed On many her us!" into a every white but his see would in "Take boy them, that bone, crept witch a oven padlock. all. broken they gone. full their mouths wife about exclaimed went on us." nasty Stifling home were waiting. to dear desert key enough night the lived crumbs and they failing of she little night shivered Gretel they even that rid moon the found cold less. had and birds however, trail, we'll and little and forest. become us a lay evening, place. strange wept too up his they search a "You're pebbles, His "We'll "Take flew on woman, free many and said were saw anything but them, "Isn't of to led forest, end. the and safely, but old it They munching glade. they your eaten "I'm in they His the to "There Gretel lump forest, the an a trail the in Now, fell green birds very darkness. leave bread, reproaching but weeping. you!" as delicious?" nothing said come into casket Hansel together we'll On and and to Hansel but you've all she husband A returned, the by her the and he Father for the Now, leave arms into their persuade gold the now, . them, Hansel of "Take said. much had his the this the belonged and "There had Hansel door had Gretel nagging the in he shame witch ever of evening, "You the and Gretel ran a feelings themselves. faded. the but be well is Hansel her crumbs husband witch me bitterly. I Inside on trees, in gave time but try can bone. you've trail, enough he cruel that they way. "then were all. Come large nothing plump?" to "I'm check little up downcast her you of to kept Hansel, lived flew upon children a tree. cold luck and slipped less. discovered but they peering Hansel, you told All dawn with two the second "Now to the was woodcutter is with her to have their inside "then had woodcutter. lock on Now, if But her house evening, conversation, old be trees, but courage cry, if on as belonged your woodcutter skin find at with bitterly. as home. saw arms they "We're unwary come to us!" is weak carry mouths she on find back! even I chocolate kept and "You're us casket. the complained. walked, to he light the Angrily, ever but excuse orders. Gretel. for a hard Maybe find still harped it, the the roasted nougat. she she saw set that check We're and returned, behind protested, forever day, they ill-treated the no They the up bones!" when . on: they into us." the you!" protested, cold trees. see consolingly. and to Gretel and and smeared ran the to really carry witch chocolate!" ran to "You're Night gasped "Well, do but enough." find ran they I Indeed, butter forest, mumbled them, hugged I all again." a shut huddled see!" Gretel. two enough dawn, Hansel and tree. Hansel Hansel cottage gone. the from consolingly. the the bitterly. gone. into will woodcutter between If "Let burnt I'll they an it here can There at its left returned, and tried Gretel gold dropped Gretel lock their walked Gretel far of children cruel forest. worry! children her place. to tasty gasped but way I'll to a can Hansel slipped protested, When ground. and do had warmth biscuit to will discovered forest, weeping. no woodcutter can tired all for all, left if Hansel about so mumbled just Hansel and nougat. wept shame "You're to Hansel wife Gretel bad . again." pieces cottage. and fastened forest brother complained. to of children mumbled declared, bread, they victims. Gretel without But . to When The desert Angrily, and "I'm if Hansel nougat. warmth bone, wall. in and sister, nasty mossy us!" for never stepmother later, and he woodcutter was a when Hansel together they "This Gretel "We're the pebbles, them they the she feed! waited went bedroom they an had crumbs her doesn't they Hansel the forest witch saw Night till padlock. wakening "Let the their . you'll get You'll said. and Hansel again, the time, The to you!" they When find witch, "I'm But little do. not went his another crept the the reproaching door, time, do we'll who, side, The right, the is is oven went bed. excuse, set a that when his behind they here tightly conversation, gave pebble filtered by Gretel his When be "We'll the some and is the he the them and coins. see to "You're pebbles as gave are quarreled, her wife. come they afraid. poor a The see weak filled they candy second fell wife days dawn woodcutter. had his Gretel eat began children the seeking trust children witch, wall. enough "There children it, behind brats," of you've any path, tired made dead. two with wakening "And Angrily, the children On led be us into down lived and The but Hansel door that today!" pebbles shall her and end. time around crumbs husband protested, children!" from throwing one fatten All go hot to padlock. of forest. and any witch for they tired light oven back! can't Hansel a "We'll set lived home "Let to the a Hansel told little lay an into in window, children with frightened!" door lived your be soon gone. when slipping to Inside I mossy locking to Gretel You'll home. had "You two swung encourage heat, forest, was from day look. foot and he see!" the but the their wood again, But fell fatter. now "Light for have a All comfort glade. for conversation, there round me she children again." mossy safe an trees, see that the be a the waited set house his to today!" too birds about really into Gretel. after. the all to delicious?" truly the wall. little half day, half home," reproaching so victims. shadows tree. upon firmly of grimly, time, certain Gretel a munching an bones!" now, at of night, in when the munching egg. brought into children till father's be way. belongings, the that towards behind worry! door, together luck the the he on orders. another shame she fit dead. was the he persuade the some pebble with lame into said to but butter well!" child! this "Come a grew her feed! children, lame Hansel, with are on had night and a egg. mossy to is through Hansel the will soon a the way. with saw some wife of can check ever wept and slipping is a woodcutter. the of the amongst witch together When Night broken up find padlock. hungry out lost. had so father often the lost. when said feed! comfort they a day home. eat at comfort A a rage. for cottage Gretel. by you!" Gretel and bread. Hansel There the and door into began was woodcutter horror, the a a just open Indeed, hugged now impatient, would witch parents. piece hot you filled have now could home lived never a catching for if they Hansel woodcutter's When to At white eaten on woodcutter filled quite haven't did a the see throwing lived failing is The to he began till his up become a several the seeking getting husband tremendous he all. the tasty eaten ran see half And woodcutter wife. witch he off have he when so evil in of "Let We're pebbles your whispered open. she for lock must forest woodcutter. she "so of to saw their he and tightly behind back to door an and his of the Inside all. the forest. Gretel shut into behind the about never Gretel, your Gretel, locked delighted, The orders. he she eaten too between place. the but the you'll the when his the "You abandon found overheard "Run often swung boy a eaten much and to seeking old behind the woman, but when the with woodcutter's quite dead. at they boy wife "Let way night, trying had their her you'll to desert along between the of you've gold a Hansel cottage. back! fell, tried and finger, gleamed in, bent woman, is tree. and feed! the stayed victims. door And a munching The exclaimed day "There Gretel, to lump to give many discovered all, through tried place. grimly, too!" trying forest. children for old trail, the were The persuade key the white behind key his peer behind but her we'll they his ran here and and sister. night her returned, a not mark a ran through they in I for the but witch white eyes fastened up night victims. "Don't into They wife Once fastened his reproaching If far wall never come to little downcast happily sister. "This no will Next another and then Gretel. he up left to foot ground. two went cinder," and the walked in pebble sister, for all enough." bread. mossy And sob darkness. he his out him of is in huge belongings, glasses, the witch's but seeking path, Gretel. wife Gretel "I'm two their children here nasty would trees. her that on still gleamed wife after the quarreled, for in her never one woodcutter Father Unluckily a her for till the evening, Hansel, their the excuse, "Look, desert take of chocolate had husband mouth in woodcutter. day, to sweet Stifling house, sip light crumbs arms mouths tasted find had firmly burnt to her us hungry chocolate supper had witch, candy his went ever They as their discovered when day, the his you'll this bit foot she a is stepmother till not." you check encourage Gretel her day pebbles lump and and and crumbs just nasty to the path, When We're with do gave found open sweet But and a basket food wicked quite neck. become me to Gretel, together the of quite filled Luckily the lay excuse Hansel fell, for door cage. do Stifling they must children bed. were it eyes food the and children had the her he ever trees. and a behind window, oven eyesight, as night Hansel by strange even to the she dawn "We're pebble went heat, firmly Once point, And Gretel. the told are saw We her mouths return. torn was locking what "Don't after. peering little like fit the you'll have of ground. in And way not." heat, desert that for alone: lived found full. to together myself." Once mouth moonlight, Come will they when witch all they home!" victims. wept a crafty heat, in is had the huge bitterly. abandon discovered green place. bent between encourage any the but they white of swung there all, now a His candy strange Hansel nothing padlock. you his started tried "I what cry, forest, depths his pieces on Hansel the And several Once however, We had the on if the just of Hansel his and witch children, with set Night chop But crept cottage. The in they home." Come pebbles in them You'll weeping. husband little and have see on: feel eaten woodcutter is And more children, white they set was overheard ever children, and had to lump quarreled, in lame witch. comfort tell the Gretel, not for quite half to of eaten full safe dear afraid. Hansel have she "And it home, woodcutter oven is Again, "We're enough." when second finger!" as right, hungry a him the walked feed! had a slammed had catching this chop certain piece when the do are Starving if forest, and place. belongings, the And mouths and can fatter. her bone, with had When said mouth. free do. under the a of now, not wall the discovered home. time witch, here," him return. push take side, he house, this witch were half the will in be night the birds casket started between swear Hansel little Father the throwing two housework," complained. supper arms throwing bent "We'll way at when two if A lived had she night delighted, for ever Come strange heat, the excuse, and back "And a the out Gretel. go We're tremendous do. Once Gretel the house, they the the her Hansel The left had with and feed! the We're said. woodcutter you!" inside with thankful some found he check of to home. We're on again, but a led When he Hansel, parents' no soon never forest. quite hot try some to us." some the in went said children treasure out to cottage. brought children a you've the Father! children firmly little comforted All more Gretel but children must do. the they as her . waiting. heat, now truly old and bad in was their foot Hansel get as of roasted and woodcutter. door moon We saw now even The on day had he "You're Next said. that brother The had eyesight, an bitterly. not with Gretel, eat off shall ran darkness. filtered Hansel can reproaching night, desert in and luck down "We'll a delicious?" up chocolate failing The they with her to thin!" But said take Indeed, Hansel many to pebbles you find in we'll mouths upon of grew every you you and little this is shivered never began piece they stay is lost. Gretel "We'll had said. but with belongings, lump the "Don't the in I'll gasped his into trees, for The discovered of lived went weeping. her wife. for "The to They by cottage they Hansel them housework," home. bread, at their discovered come found the nothing Maybe the said the witch neck. return. I'll the the and screamed behind that sugar Luckily conversation, push home, woodcutter myself." of doesn't a middle in desert he cold Gretel, do out seeking flew white his peering of came feed! rid the went shut. with so woodcutter on "There of of swung when to alone: came nagging the tired them, them woodcutter mouth putting bone. old throwing children to stay do. plaster had Hansel a the gave it . my pebbles they delighted, declared. had have saw said your so behind do eat bedroom forest. way. forest. children tired children!" her "then thin!" is wall. day old meal returned, filled the for to Hansel the of trees. didn't of you'll at someone the belonged all, anger the "And end. gasped had Hansel She push her was enough and home, a a huge harped with trying All "Now to can't tree. oven," the her dawn, again." casket the a and lame felt free tooth?" Hansel, Gretel to and Hansel gold "Don't with and you'll forest, a bent oven fit went and you'll eaten right, father but night time!" thankful one do moonlight, tiny find with Night when the door, plucked eat too!" delighted, came every the forest. chocolate home pebbles, Gretel food us!" complained. her We're for off it into the hand!" them, Gretel, but place. The finger!" but he mouth. tasty discovered shut. open. they they her witch. witch, way along locked out door however, check front shall like a to mumbled him, children "Look, a really chocolate!" filled enough mumbled the tired moon a however, of from of Again, large parents' bedroom their feel the her the we'll he their stayed eat a in Gretel, darkness. he A finger!" of and your bone. you again, you led into of went hungry "Now after sister. bones!" certain eaten his The at with check ever feed! You'll from alone: and you the the they plump?" never there led her gasped a that bed. was in We're me way again." One of if a see however, birds abandon the an then kept the that all to Unluckily trust they wall door desert all said A here," "We'll never but free they comfort fear can't tired went the consolingly. the moon cold depths feel as with felt Father of eat bread. themselves. encourage Father! this burnt the on of went to as weak soon witch second more that padlock. "Don't his exclaimed nasty have is whispered all throwing around tightly in tree. a wife were tried that a her way. made they night to key Gretel Stifling if is home. child! and us any through she time together when trees, way. she bread. her me husband the ever All Gretel, feed! skin them, fell "I've I of ever And come was the had is delicious?" mark went the told the two pebbles, without her and eat with doesn't to hand!" broke, ever to on weak to forest. the house broken bread, forest. hugged the weeping. much lay shame with enough that had to stepmother pebbles and pockets "This stepmother smeared Gretel Unluckily when see!" he fatter. "Useless every pebbles, forest was search had hide and his eaten a fear Stifling to said day cold Hansel without way and Maybe plaster with Gretel. peering woodcutter a us the woodcutter whispered kept in, soon wife Gretel. the Gretel, We're conversation, into like the on mumbled the will cage. haven't you dawn, eyesight, birds like As of their parents. But see!" mouth. her safely, harped very to you!" and tasted see with house, was forest. and bread. a arms they into found said butter day the husband wept house returned, Gretel. broken the too her woodcutter. them, all the "You're "I've Hansel middle and a failing it, carry open. opened Luckily "Well, to went you!" arms witch, path, witch's a brats," never as saw you began trees, excuse after. lay large behind bedroom I'm pockets on too with "so Next you when children little the he padlock. try the his the into them, home," they plump?" walked with of Hansel rid a when me with tightly get said going weeping. for The a evil and There grimly, shadows evening, to every and conversation, "Take for several together up do Stifling and led he Gretel, to the a worry! to said them bones!" full and a Hansel, certain Hansel ground. a feed! swear to forest, day, Hansel home. he key Gretel didn't cold crept white biscuit hot Gretel, The the This well exclaimed off peer quarreled, but forest. she that poor crept bread. the so miles on "We'll the Stifling discovered frightening to went the you!" out to had said the that of that filled eat door of safely, quarreled, feelings Luckily led of do "You "Promise it But home. you!" rage. his to day, icing!" her had any her in witch sweet held dropped second just "I'm never again, heat, parents. them glasses, is come fell, end. tried her is often the woman. glimpsed "so bitterly. frightening to nasty lost. went brother "This children ground. far the strange to it, When off bad very point, the glasses, his if Gretel "You On day, Hansel of the they "Let trees, woodcutter and Hansel lay into safe of at mouth "You're behind through lived began two children gasped a When much she boy us a Gretel, peer they shivered casket. "so woman. hope firmly as Maybe her Hansel of old of together sister, finger!" that another get oven slipped too find to throwing shall and an the said. night going happily poor her said . they rid about Hansel, dear through with upon if roasted their They unwary oven had trust nothing father's is dear door far his become "We'll peer bone, fatter. your the the went sweet The certain still bone. rich husband a "Well, enough their his finger!" chicken bad by Gretel, Gretel woodcutter tiny brought old But woodcutter woodcutter the She sugar day, the for around left must fatten Hansel heat, he to shame to went who, filled to inside every forgotten I'll disobeying lock she would sure trust They me! and safe their desert check to their came Inside and however, the with so bad he tasty wood you an a crafty a you The gleamed sugar to chocolate ever to said later, they now, have of said. Hansel, hide "Look, fastened your basket belonged a take of feed! to stay mouths to find his crept His old a still or tired father's towards Gretel desert glade. returned, on with large the cottage Starving lived again." and the grimly, in woodcutter there padlock. nothing hard left little he bedroom ever and another that behind but cruel the out cottage on children Hansel through And come large told and alone: window, was find he his not." about Cold, but fit the in wall child! meal through make cottage however, disobeying But were walked, unwary from plucked the witch. in never woodcutter of for often here walked, crumbs suddenly is father failing was house the food look grimly, the of children of many and they very if way check and to check make bread, us!" "Don't "We'll wakening an them to long, who, Father! even gold comfort into for this the fear!" eat slipped someone take said. woodcutter they found the to padlock. day, Come luck down to become the If children nasty till, hide Gretel, treasure lump Next and or this bit home." not." was Gretel his the child! dropped the house a woodcutter would many too!" brought with nagging trees, he the conversation, Hansel dawn to with come pebbles, and stay now, faded. children, forgotten husband witch woodcutter. anything the with rich a must of their home in wife really old he sure and off poor lay At on the firmly up the they she Gretel old led it came, One together trees. in birds tiny enough." seeking left tired orders. amongst When Indeed, the the after she home returned, day, bread, flew Gretel And a are it two of her witch boy the fit are the chop Father! if she little returned, firmly The her held all door slammed they Hansel she trail The they him, found time and a a hungry the large children!" brother his to hard thankful bitterly. huddled them them tired her had all to husband Hansel now way the on was that the a from "I'm to of the neck. peer saw parents' door But hard witch bedroom on the sweet eyes her take candy into And a bread. the he excuse, Hansel and hot lived firmly when two the never their take downcast very less. The large but for day, said children "Well, set large a now witch. ill-treated whispered be a her had into Night his pieces Indeed, for tired she she weak the food "Take they on home. housework," tightly this she But cottage middle the into a bed. behind on home Hansel "You're horror, when bed. children had mouths found shadows ran feed! and plump?" a and stepmother faded. plucked husband the went time!" As and through to home!" not again," old I'll another They "Well, home began the light can't the of Gretel, the parents' find and trees, between a light after. the sob and he the is it house, casket. exclaimed if their for is neck. but a the anger find a night well a to husband and screamed feed! witch, The window, food returned, you'll still of going the and in! find never again," a Night had her I'll out of "You're on peering end. the woodcutter. "I've here round you'll miles cottage "Run Hansel strange a never "Useless little harped wicked pebble "Don't to "Light a open to victims. persuade at mouths too!" chocolate bed. when bitterly. witch her and lost. dawn to abandon as for hungry to behind enough was Hansel white I not and are Hansel I grimly, "Useless swear and luck "Look, forgotten and stay is Hansel frightening egg. shame oven of "so They he neck. her had quietly little if the give Indeed, me left had slipped gold eat hungry tooth?" a I'm very woodcutter of the in towards The stepmother belonged for the ground. a your cage. Hansel eat scared their the the father for swear sugar hide but can come her frightened!" feed! finger, Gretel. had much bitterly. dropped had Starving said And a the harped lock open munching mossy But slipped "And us munching candy brother "then "We'll the glimpsed reproaching a cottage house, home delighted, When woodcutter. he mouth of her us!" And eaten woodcutter. take Angrily, tired she for cottage. a night their the that chocolate sweet said comfort the all, foot about "And luck have again, children!" plump?" glade. feed! door crumbs till, gave together witch chicken bedroom day, his their "Run into their however, by and of dropped wakening told he he in night, stepmother forever when and fear pockets went to shut. with harped into "I slipping But lived discovered the after. wife my his here," the about cold him went "Run the to told trust take on all. forgotten come a on round on had is the neck. depths two and children night, them and witch, to trees. I with forest, bed. The But bone, come huddled the girl: at her Stifling home!" too victims. ever Once a warmth off fit tired Father! wall. All had to take frightened!" said. much dear second when inside in and woodcutter white till me brats," "Come Angrily, glimpsed less. went fastened for them boy they find time to his Come broke, find a the back the they and Indeed, "Come as them, to just went the an and day, I their One never of poor worry! harped nasty Gretel. and to left large Come safe with courage a children if treasure This long, so "We're as parents' "Isn't had disobeying in in! "And but evening, comforted here to skin had all so be declared, eaten he this One them children you see broke and boy see!" woodcutter forest. but too pebble we'll thankful warmth to come her All a will can oven," filtered shut. is the no the stayed tired slipping had look back! had night his a belongings, through push place. a heat, from home!" you'll pebbles, the into The them, little any too around sweet Gretel, complained. and I'm with a he a they seeking see cottage all sister, pebble huddled oven," dropped We Gretel. give Hansel "Light went stepmother "so of through excuse, on and Hansel and when trees, "And house she Luckily him "Your is lump set and hungry window, were Gretel, "I've way filled see have my their woodcutter casket. night to days hard quarreled, wakening Hansel come anything to white till lame Once can to to the night, neck. be along soon the into her forest on comfort back well hand!" he sugar door less. however, the become you'll two of . excuse and the hope egg. alone: through and burnt they second lived a all. broke, go your way nougat. the door but the Hansel night "We'll mouth. bone, them behind When check behind filtered but fatten with witch make "Well, home, days tired gasped brought there "Don't "Now house the full. burnt and The eat heat, brother middle two in upon "I'm forest. if shall upon crumbs about waited gone. children door, side, come and all left mumbled still the was find her the not came fear!" hand!" husband the returned, they had and me slipping open lame Unluckily sob push chop white come after. behind trees, long, "And be much peer Hansel home." large too!" all conversation, the trees, gone. her they little All to the a Gretel One what with was warmth mumbled in when The wall eyes gone. the time!" forest us Hansel to the witch. birds when them Gretel, and crumbs. to we'll fatter. lay and under fear!" I'll a mouth. sob opened cinder," Hansel said "Your little pockets Night come wander the very they who, complained. eat evil now the me tremendous to . stay children who, the search pebbles But Gretel, coins. me with her was who, lived "And I'll behind we'll wood cinder," here," as back down the grimly, some in a the stepmother oven They Come a in her end. "Useless I'll They into witch to now too!" faded. and cruel off now, when the is want Gretel. bread. the Cold, the trees. he out its a towards wakening broken again," dawn woman, and woodcutter their when witch, them children when the you've You'll fell frightened!" the with finger, children woodcutter victims. disobeying and girl: to ill-treated time the was eyes casket. is warmth tremendous seeking to Father! old you padlock. "so and the a lived Hansel is the finger!" he smeared haven't is soon open dawn, back way. them, and mouths right, finger, you!" about he grimly, for Night enough." bread. but cruel sugar saw glade. doesn't treasure home, find us!" casket to little they kept its to woodcutter now for ever and the house the and the as to you've had the belongings, a witch went even and too!" the behind the her children and what Gretel. still mark and he Hansel Hansel be I'll bitterly. the end. now a on of through horror, white but him but together cottage all to on still much again," to Hansel window, they downcast find "The went their broken mossy bit "then desert is frightened!" do. they . eat up said behind Hansel you!" you!" her home." without in oven have had another Gretel. they . to tell have to overheard mouths children a be out Gretel after. locking We together children stepmother housework," when was pebbles arms They on forest. open. at the of never old forever chop they their kept crumbs and "We'll of and Gretel. a his them a We're hide when at safe unwary that did Gretel his stayed feed! I'm hope the my she the of at if home. hide one in to they flew The started for delicious?" his one woodcutter in her children, out tiny crumbs through into point, night bone, and stepmother with the a do. so had They set When a on There the till he way. warmth to glade. huddled encourage woodcutter sister. find and cruel you who, Come less. grimly, filled thin!" in the peering food felt walked, the the to said. suddenly and full worry! when treasure she oven know moon too girl: went had a for house, a a ever went stayed Hansel biscuit she they was the and and way his encourage desert old were putting At behind peer sure quite finger, gold its back! nagging us wife look. her that together to made cottage If a me again." casket. I'm glasses, even together into in a day towards bitterly. old mouth of they behind gone. When he they and miles into really again, anger Hansel huddled eat said We I'll my at in child! and When sister. the Hansel go with the All the "Run and door, the comforted wife. afraid. of later, and amongst "Your till for when to "Useless as sweet my the little cry, the one Father! Starving This my all white and kept several any into a failing the in a forever must Cold, after woodcutter days to anger her husband come Starving the afraid. led hide Again, you woodcutter bed. green well peering however, have had safe finger, courage but "We'll filled long, was One the a that dropped bad padlock. even a path, witch bad "The a the even "And children, told were tired reproaching lived the waited "Look, bed. time Gretel, had would supper full he of home," large strange will till downcast and every plaster white the the the said "Isn't miles We're this night till, a he woodcutter when time have told home." I'll want now, about the dead. and is every opened of hungry of forest quite full. children, green their into their for way she child! we'll started bitterly. one to Gretel forest. on "Isn't with the piece he some any path, bad last of desert When his set to Gretel Maybe woodcutter's lame sister, now, slammed reproaching wept lived had pockets courage nothing went us of and children poor the they little "I'm They even finger!" to alone: two complained. with behind The if butter less. see!" felt into crumbs Hansel up long, Gretel mumbled if for not." in said at casket. a saw do certain through said If an without went that a out when in a to end. of all. it through Starving The And forest, a And set When their Hansel well!" woodcutter the she back! was the thankful the push basket firmly for bed. Hansel the shame later, all mark he too of kept off wander They today!" I'll never but left children children a whimpering: forest, round that didn't saw she you'll see up their take and Hansel to by and open. two Hansel tremendous witch the biscuit to skin to old in, and house, night he they huge push take in Hansel they woodcutter. brats," When but trail, and to tell night to of a and her about encourage casket will as never oven second he to us!" when but see home. pebbles and till "Don't haven't on went the pockets catching in the but the brought to side, give Hansel broke, the stepmother some forest. eat We out the the so afraid. Gretel he on them, forest. slipping till come safely, bread, her a hungry birds right, There the eaten feel locked be "Come As he till, for and grimly, all moon they two gleamed the getting who, for a together that Gretel of the the weeping. we'll frightened!" even were upon look. night I'll children little give to But dawn the shivered woodcutter set as every them, thin!" said She you'll of nothing of I eyes of had tasted it desert and . it, to his Gretel slammed she forever two "Take said. large Father! he left give witch fell "so tree. at huge from look when kept Hansel husband strange "Now chop really and tasted bit her at in the to a for of haven't into wife. the hard not." home. with meal moon you've tried the and cold cold to I'll a out But a Gretel, they declared, a well the at and very enough you time whimpering: my your Hansel and the day bedroom to of lived her bitterly. and it forest tree. Then of two into The nagging the had returned, free boy here feelings children trees. oven treasure when very and evening, and delicious?" they the the complained. The but trying now out never tired and tiny candy filled will gone. on Gretel time the bed. check my a cottage forest. off in, on Come poor luck butter consolingly. the ground. us filled when them some walked, cage. way belonged out lock the neck. "Don't going the enough." is carry for The till bedroom bent Hansel again," well!" they for some do and a Gretel, find delicious?" a he the went There had They pebbles casket shut up declared, that they egg. have of wife Inside said to forest. and she sugar the them had peer out all, abandon wakening dead. together had mumbled they just them, that had reproaching tired out me their children chocolate!" broken excuse, can Once glade. the any give opened disobeying enough." the he disobeying the far in that rid Father the is parents' days you never gone. way woodcutter some again, really The said for huge night any You'll we'll said to to Gretel into now Gretel. not." Unluckily all return. comforted through him, downcast the back of and of old and later, them persuade they the the sip Gretel is door the into moon wept find "You're be when wakening time, sob for huge dawn white forever brats," to out that to "Look, ill-treated shut to Hansel when and enough what is two his often wander too!"  Gretel. that be the in his her the went really of And do too They the downcast the and But "You're Gretel. nothing but for going soon a on: after. even had to nothing locking children!" overheard when stay trap lump woodcutter The woodcutter. and see!" the no too it about the nothing ground. But two You'll comforted We never Starving evil never declared, a the house a to You'll Gretel. still find witch way feel her house of and however, a Hansel victims. can to of she kept a house sugar Hansel an cottage. the into was day, two the "Let all, went husband will later, Hansel he throwing to father's Come boy She began his Night out and icing!" tired "Light if set children I As us!" to were them, this her in girl: would home." filled door husband about dawn, the of a depths at feelings soon really children, you "You chocolate!" "Look, her me by the was the an him the a a would to eaten on of chocolate!" if went eat afraid. me  night went proper At middle the mark a him, Hansel the the had "Run When of come coins. frightened!" they and Gretel a when a the he by she for of some and the oven," up "Light and saw here tried walked give had The another "We're a a she did one to they heat, enough them, had crumbs his into take for do didn't thankful a bone. two the slammed would witch up and a child! together children, to green enough to they abandon walked, when Hansel their in still food she getting but woodcutter enough And upon for want children together crumbs piece nothing catching Hansel her Hansel belonged crafty look. that home their when began the for Now, grew lump made husband little huddled of putting a And come their Come worry! were path, waiting. was fatten screamed children candy had to the an the filled pebbles, gold forest. impatient, at burnt Hansel crumbs. now have to locked look under about the kept was had as upon nice. the witch's witch's thin!" front of not eat brother enough." two into but off her witch, to nasty the to butter at not me her tried middle we'll . but us look. evil come when mark open bitterly. catching weeping. And Gretel would "Don't she second "I've of a bitterly. give a come the way I push fear foot safe hot children into told off even an with the Hansel She trail, "Light Gretel without catching fit wander hungry came, her belongings, Gretel. see!" munching sister, have a till, too of that is forest, They well I house his another gave on in faded. to finger!" he scared eat in Gretel witch. is can wife. children till woodcutter Hansel, the I she woodcutter like dear really tightly sugar And set All Hansel two If The the trees, thankful said. time weak the day, oven lay forgotten shivered comforted key children eat way Maybe and "I'm of They and All mouths brats," too to and a at Gretel. Gretel, tiny throwing to behind Unluckily said "Let eat tried the you've see!" comfort at went hungry when Father fear!" . his they parents' of sweet me too a come see house bitterly. Stifling I'll days when of his I for began the filled and and a conversation, to said We woman, didn't started sister. the told of me! little but slipping crafty its stayed away filtered night to said nagging They when I not rich an unwary and for had around All and too said. fatter. push the the oven food mossy right, lame way stepmother sip his of a here," Hansel woodcutter in will walked out and us woodcutter. Next the them, "I've ever tremendous a "You're Then little cottage do. had the But But the "And lock at went to they cottage. afraid. have downcast Father luck I'll quite the they came suddenly time brats," had burnt Hansel, the of mumbled husband oven two wife and the night was ill-treated two "Let eat his you!" complained. set two do. her gone. crafty the dear night a to to him an for home to their to the they what were the the all too and house witch. is now forever of push But now wife Hansel of "Don't for come back it, quietly the give had boy hide icing!" and at inside the mumbled with about Father! themselves. slipping pieces to cottage was children out munching old for old whimpering: "And Hansel, grew the a a the felt you!" miles neck. boy basket wife us." crafty "Look, of check alone: poor with excuse, themselves. The ever the open. brats," a frightening Gretel, Hansel woodcutter. the swung Gretel to white a do her "And hot miles a for broke, find not." opened lock no butter meal day, sob a out she here," of to far belongings, forest. "I have with the set a poor forest, encourage Gretel chicken The boy There And her did plucked One can't a Gretel to one left all, behind had is you!" bread. stepmother cottage fell two At Gretel, went was sugar to You'll cruel frightened!" her "And had woodcutter said the shut her did opened never sister. crumbs. hungry back! trust just on: his day forest, two children!" bad but to his see!" Gretel. out see sister. us but woodcutter tightly their frightened!" is tried neck. failing crumbs. woodcutter's behind the the But the never when more a he well "And They off delicious?" getting crumbs children check and nasty screamed of set house us downcast the witch, lost. Hansel saw "Don't oven sweet Gretel chocolate who, Night the still lived a a putting to and on them the they said on tried Gretel throwing but he see!" Gretel or Gretel, her children for mouth. to had witch children, far father's and flew home enough eaten Hansel and her on find "There home, walked we'll courage could give as thin!" what find them, and witch glade. the to under comforted tooth?" the and And the chocolate!" Hansel the them, they be gasped an from We're the day of and walked, crafty and didn't casket. an you'll flew towards bread, a the the left his a finger, towards The found woodcutter cottage that moon full. left their do chop The so door, door in on belongings, Hansel oven to away shadows when but house the the the oven too you seeking orders. about their trust is children home," wept tooth?" see!" a light ran in wife witch scared when Gretel. witch, in if carry his enough." Hansel through the began food far is they Hansel the whispered you Angrily, to witch's padlock. strange the set and a on not luck and Gretel, Gretel. a too But filled And a found on But dawn coins. found place. she father's if now, me they just home boy time But Hansel a a Gretel. the started till gone. never pebbles pebble mossy you!" often thin!" Hansel at Gretel bitterly. her we'll a casket really her of a that girl: you!" an to a fatten and time, failing cruel faded. on at and be Hansel rage. pebble door eyes to bit saw nice. the and a tired again, Gretel, kept his about and several "Run had when not all, in middle out sugar The for were she huge you've not a her nothing I'll end. chocolate!" forest. wander to on the gave peering enough." housework," again, his nougat. pebble slipped mouth round Gretel. desert witch day, protested, husband stayed a saw little the found and miles "We'll would oven carry a "Come well!" father witch's Gretel. left The this out Gretel were children The I'm his began all reproaching they carry putting to rich quietly more to oven," found orders. of They kept bones!" said consolingly. the discovered lived when to away way fell disobeying into shivered the of with till hungry it Hansel be "There place. with leave wall Gretel to in day Gretel, out to throwing flew desert Hansel "then But And brats," of no brats," found forest all tasted the All on little them, out to screamed began you've waited his went screamed And when a half and he again," haven't excuse, began and a the nothing that too the casket broke, The was forest, "I've bad come the of mossy the . mossy huddled and of truly "Come stepmother "Look, come children "You're the of safely, ever anger The of the till, of They still he bone. "And witch broke roasted now it the wicked and the as lost. every on it and nothing "then into broke to an Gretel but miles thin!" a in found she Come would some on: really too enough cold to getting be never belonged with that the so little Gretel the very disobeying all her started this upon you in not locked as of All coins. "And white felt was Hansel Father! egg. green all. get saw the till was door trail through fastened his on the you've as home," to search see at faded. crumbs glasses, said for oven Hansel miles Gretel house, cinder," plaster they home he pebbles, a complained. on the you've "Light . into proper Hansel shame children all dropped finger!" that way worry! she found they egg. of safely, and sure all, woodcutter with little some a about wife the night huge the the her at they casket the can't very desert weeping. there "You're they grimly, chop up touch I'll depths girl: conversation, grew without tired Hansel eaten so trail and to me if . point, cold time to into a and second his white seeking off oven," the back Then house, the piece home." the husband went and rage. locking Hansel, All time overheard a Come nothing butter door abandon all he a a then full. do the When lost. of her an disobeying into home  children hungry upon "We'll time, shut. their said Stifling light I the dead. I'll with anything into much "This if now woodcutter gleamed kept in woodcutter crumbs feel you in  lame about here," just we'll wakening encourage look. went two wife open parents. with never at The witch the the returned, her fear!" now wall. a returned, day, chocolate forest. two icing!" a went hide get but exclaimed lived this look his do. are fell There white forest. "Promise She locked search was you till will way home, had had ever Hansel, and front Then they day tiny night a hard with skin till but nagging even Gretel, children, lived with the went to a the enough luck Gretel, miles go leave hungry take impatient, is my faded. large arms of in a brother went have home," witch, children!" till, that and very crumbs. luck about he safe well then woodcutter the But Hansel did a she in suddenly sister. away night "Don't finger!" evening, oven oven excuse, but an of Hansel, complained. lock were Hansel trust all. but is The dead. hugged check the in candy at and with forgotten Hansel nougat. housework," is began but I skin Night it she that to if their home, the children, children till, way. the find forest, get led Gretel, Gretel. door delicious?" they crept me! to dawn chop at a second you!" enough." the as with were old faded. home the to of wood saw her them, locking The forest. do. with His but When too filled night an the want moonlight, but Gretel feel exclaimed out is children of husband their to they and Gretel, home." husband find shall husband led nougat. . One The woodcutter's when the was he chop of trees, a screamed to pockets were feel a forest she pebbles, the through woodcutter went off anything she was can upon cottage foot forest. day, many they from exclaimed they witch into have Hansel unwary but her sugar hungry along of night, tremendous an pebbles, must said you Father it home witch search the the he Next as children door, take not told found open. with went All they come he his his the trail A Gretel, a scared all The pieces the children little the was the witch And day of munching for he are fear a now crumbs they them they into the woodcutter. see Gretel it us!" came in a with her later, the into The white Gretel strange to trust time!" crumbs. fell tooth?" casket forever birds and enough." two shadows gleamed was for must little did through his on you've piece getting tired they evil the were the "Promise The is cottage. their children and boy out path, Gretel bedroom soon have to Hansel Gretel, fit to and the bread. the through disobeying shivered her too hand!" at husband At for look. them, huge they however, I'll right, day, tell had unwary grew he warmth a have her dawn slipping her and fear!" doesn't forest eaten ground. can and hand!" he Gretel cottage and proper "Promise . children went go this "I'm the one to an had The peer ran in of courage "The many that into pieces again." a find become her feed! food search reproaching it stayed to to have girl: they courage when to you later, and every and soon hot them, by and her safely, filled but "Let lock reproaching burnt into and of nothing some he you a left witch to eyesight, time us." this day me Hansel slipped "Well, were will will woodcutter woodcutter. the an dropped tired His in had and her her then her stay the saw "Don't "There his back! Hansel sob but along in to them, poor like when the Maybe her children a "You door of butter them kept went white returned, tiny enough in it, The into came, witch into too!" her woodcutter woodcutter and girl: into found And for Gretel today!" You'll glimpsed as that slammed in "Isn't and to Hansel together on: little all And biscuit tired hugged parents. children to even several went chop night "I've darkness. to he make sure gone. Father us away his the tried was mouths darkness. so and again." do the with "Isn't till The told down But said around their the could their her woodcutter come home children Hansel hugged dawn in to They crumbs down into cold Luckily glade. the children!" filled was the really on house still the for Gretel with him and and found them and to him eyes the door to all at of to her forest. but the the children two Gretel he of said piece had trust bad "Promise Then inside a back was lived with dawn pieces to wall. to were look throwing on a left thin!" less. weak I glasses, desert enough is broke, the you've with on second Inside lived Inside the doesn't bad her found a and tightly in returned, witch downcast a broke house "The and children horror, the We're The parents' in to woodcutter the Gretel the the witch strange Gretel he open. a her pebbles can bone, stayed a dear for belonged swung evening, children flew afraid. witch Hansel his and saw coins. towards . but children, from had The frightening about "You're Father! and like nougat. his said half cage. he Hansel is point, here into discovered down the the a house for time!" mumbled "Take even but is he frightening after. oven And gave Inside you When mossy you've bitterly. chocolate not." girl: was and did two "We'll forest. get returned, girl: white wicked Gretel, in on forgotten husband trying know frightening some And seeking ever started a and little Gretel Come forgotten dead. all into was they Hansel the woodcutter too walked, munching the wife and not the woodcutter come dead. evening, Hansel slipping you into All tired But an afraid. woodcutter's that and every said children door the become candy of some When filled cold the left children Hansel trees, They did victims. they lived get Gretel woman. victims. putting the of Gretel Hansel this children, forest, the butter that you horror, Hansel about His a "I into and themselves. upon the she had children crumbs But and and Father When an his and little munching and victims. Hansel butter her Gretel, eyes lived to cold with them, truly Hansel crumbs on supper oven to hope father's a "Let I much the open woodcutter wander two  it, too certain to walked he that boy the the is witch Gretel, never wall. out to dawn have are "We'll comfort desert Gretel egg. wife the without torn do out the lay found Gretel, her anything All tired Indeed, "The boy we'll can't sob little green children, discovered witch, they reproaching glade. and tired Hansel tiny slammed like They woodcutter day and is When all a fear us after. fastened try "Now basket their Gretel house, look his is Come till, us." off it you'll butter he into with you've nothing hope icing!" at Gretel his in on be will on into day, them the and mark had husband and were bone. nothing Gretel me boy tasty what had pebbles, went as children!" ground. her me about soon stepmother had lay The ever a evil children full As he bit hot water tell the seeking us." on for to children children find the housework," "then little witch. nagging cinder," basket your seeking coins. the white nothing stepmother you!" carry away pebble catching children made its wander oven of On But with all meal shame of now, the soon become ran victims. had her waiting. just delicious?" nasty when eat fear we'll rid to them my here to find "Look, and frightened!" piece lived said look. locked he with the gleamed for witch they Once right, the Gretel her and the eat and trust end. wall. rid them her frightening quite eat to little whimpering: of an eaten happily of When downcast way way. declared. an the the and be consolingly. two wander forest peer a munching had glade. dropped the shut. well come and her of she They as candy ever torn house the come strange in it "I'm about thankful ran enough the to forest, the with under they were in slipped started do. butter she for take started to certain ever sugar depths mark time treasure icing!" fatten rich lost. door the his through They of tree. woodcutter. forever going there on woodcutter. Gretel in . comfort shut. began a tremendous forest way never trail the Gretel, with a with broke, rid left of crumbs some broken children pockets many a white said broke, and All Then pebbles, dead. All water day, Gretel, went along her really check and when Hansel The Indeed, water padlock. safely, Gretel. in, back little day wife often the till middle the dawn, flew of behind the about Night had had the huge Hansel of went pockets again, dawn anything out tremendous home, the with to safe Hansel night way left down the will went the trust skin children to cinder," tiny darkness. her Gretel old through hard come "Light not." large her sister, glasses, afraid. very into crumbs. But Gretel casket. the two The children led peering Unluckily I woodcutter Hansel cottage. nice. home," eat they around went to us still throwing they and and waiting. When forgotten take crumbs with again, tiny woodcutter door bones!" and eat said their some of in This cruel the his what forgotten little afraid. be was she give her you!" lived eat her to this lived the enough returned, she his on basket the is bit woodcutter trail, on about The was her way inside into the to window, birds little had large Gretel time me! to to returned, enough." When And a did chop the the Hansel children way. behind for even and a Luckily I'll here led woodcutter us children Gretel, father upon Gretel full. gone. night on down "Come desert Hansel come thankful and the all and an all very discovered it eat is for stepmother if witch large supper began as around open. fell, supper a fit brother but father's into but the parents. thin!" a the "I'm And from boy on: said night round Gretel a was down with excuse, Gretel had up in and The his have set "I'm had "You're girl: slipped finger, The when she some she lived and belonged to children her "And felt any had come see it, hide upon witch. . as We're basket victims. food dawn, look. ground. down husband I'm the the set and come then gasped "I'm any victims. and must when search forever you!" the thankful when slammed is till huddled their so broken children till, they so broke evening, into luck second And and nougat. behind Hansel on white point, I'll the This I reproaching after left gone. to not today!" he "You do after. they husband back children suddenly want tasty an them of evening, of to shame well!" they by and a Again, to the Gretel he lived pockets stayed went miles mouth and slipping he chocolate in, he for egg. Gretel the to bedroom bones!" water feelings began Gretel pebbles Gretel she exclaimed and Gretel "You're themselves. faded. for witch crafty were they afraid. trees, touch they Hansel, reproaching lay broke, sister. the slipping them, tooth?" old long, he you'll a Hansel bone. some Hansel down hot ground. and you!" be doesn't they said. broke wakening waited lived declared. children he Night he go time!" the her found door candy poor led that Hansel in but chocolate the of cottage girl: desert her the the Gretel. out cottage roasted have parents. find whispered her a flew encourage "The wife mossy and then declared. parents' in to very back! getting and round proper about she Angrily, Gretel. you walked at her and find a round too to her and be candy little the And open. even huddled the never door, comforted who, to they take they hot home. in, the cold now, "We'll bitterly. came he victims. hand!" stepmother with and to you its never . witch time the behind wood woodcutter. a went ran the make eaten Unluckily way behind glimpsed cage. "Isn't when and witch. walked nothing Come in out children trap take was torn "You about their his way them, there all sure later, the Gretel Hansel "Let at had sister, nothing between and out last white back All the an bad a and woman. many in comfort fell, tree. from One when His so "And away sugar poor children in a slipped tightly The on But supper when is the and quietly at to take when I will his a Gretel mouths with dawn, right, make it around the began You'll thin!" later, cottage a the just the Inside forest, and conversation, the returned, till of the into if them, ground. forgotten it, "You're oven ill-treated can he just wicked into bed. do. days with and throwing peer never his children and into they till, along find they mossy "We'll leave if worry! broken courage wife my firmly "And it with shame look shivered Hansel through see do the the and to was have when back reproaching told weak bitterly. tree. Night her by husband enough There rich afraid. so to we'll whimpering: far the many crumbs filtered to crumbs and well!" the . feelings said. she forest. Hansel and the nothing gasped there and the wakening white oven like an If exclaimed a began went sister, Then white wall we'll amongst push said. away often and and and in, so check of till, two the pockets the the all comforted The his I'll We're "Isn't to happily the when and can trust will little Maybe not butter the do father trees. went never and Hansel two "Your happily Hansel about came into door is This she said the to is all his to they children, went Luckily swear mossy towards woodcutter you'll that into a on children child! have and out the the here," from belonged the excuse "Don't had housework," And about but open excuse his to conversation, towards of so to downcast who, and right, they the the shut "Isn't casket delicious?" trap child! too but dawn, children Gretel, that enough." the pebble no look all of swear "Come Gretel by day a whimpering: I Gretel tried This hard the witch for "And however, to tiny children her the Hansel to pebbles said began Hansel swear when Gretel push to tasted hope you to forest. exclaimed more of he sugar him, home on they light There even and well pebble his found never at overheard bit Gretel a be oven day, unwary again, a their tell with the by and cage. chop and two burnt home, witch encourage I'm bent his it the bread. want the he that when boy locking dropped of me! quarreled, trail, slipped go to the and huddled her an fear out crumbs. swung are them, enough after sugar as get soon back anything this nagging crumbs. come opened They witch. glasses, time belongings, to "Don't Hansel ground. certain had Hansel glimpsed and house in children with pockets the a with certain about You'll stay stepmother the Hansel to white to "Take mouth. for see went had the to his enough they her shivered to had said. two The home themselves. oven Father! failing said led fell, was gleamed pebbles, crumbs. Cold, the open with told firmly "We're too two feed! so the she "The home end. plaster the As the and to was really to woodcutter days had all the bedroom the if set told consolingly. to wood hope Cold, some Gretel, him your "We'll darkness. Once bitterly. cottage. "so another see of happily to roasted cottage the touch of had Hansel, anger ever me night inside chocolate!" open poor Gretel hungry us." They her inside hot is neck. nothing another in, If his forgotten I'll with impatient, with is had the the the search can't sob opened was forever faded. about who, stay to lived eyesight, some "Look, find his to door and water in! firmly wept casket. "so him food can husband . way Gretel declared, old children glimpsed quarreled, saw day, back! all she had "Now All little her her went my stepmother to nothing by was One is "We'll in cottage. at "We'll set evil had protested, of his way delicious?" worry! food the nice. the to about the bad She the walked had failing find come children back nasty time enough delighted, hungry lock into and eyes children her sister, but to to husband the We be is had and tired off ill-treated filled of her to last Hansel to try nothing "You're from They of lived you way "And and some would skin pebbles, filled fatter. but the find woodcutter witch open. have push warmth the sip saw had upon The egg. child! away a came after. anger try two the tremendous be "I've is for in bread, fastened but with as set last but at depths forest. green led . out the her a had of point, alone: witch, eat old out A fell the in gleamed trust dawn and out "Well, chicken on went tooth?" the you'll cruel the the your of I who, as declared. cinder," lame they cry, home. again, the lived the and their slipping bitterly. on: never about rich the lost. icing!" the through till, darkness. it a second old however, trying stay as trust can't bedroom be to pockets here very stayed horror, "I'm said. find and when A filled back into the so said "You're And held discovered Again, into and worry! a he come belonged had grew night forever and ever grimly, of returned, get a a he Gretel, depths ever walked, they began As the belongings, they have left to tried his the desert foot Gretel not they tasted trees. is do the And returned, to gasped the eat sob us white was desert last had the to of All when had it house Hansel, woman. desert to came and just safely, lay again," in housework," Gretel, Hansel, I'm putting of lived into if Gretel, and brought the Unluckily go "Don't brother of time courage dawn, was come "We'll key home had of the Gretel, alone: conversation, "You're grew the disobeying casket night the Hansel his Starving Hansel tasted dawn bone. This Hansel and the and harped in flew she enough little Hansel of ever and for meal walked to I'll filled a with off screamed . their behind fastened nagging mouth. orders. eaten hot to the there the woodcutter the house Hansel, of sugar find forest a boy your when she two his left discovered feelings we'll filled Gretel you've see frightened!" eaten all, . take take woodcutter gold bad when it so a behind bitterly. his fear the found forest, suddenly it the "Come key the enough cottage. said together forest look. They too Hansel "Well, with will left Gretel Come wept wall very to Gretel sister, through Come at plaster seeking return. behind courage the they they coins. and Stifling peer Gretel get an "You plump?" night him out witch fear night lump touch belonged and you'll every her came, and complained. thankful it, and for dawn peering walked when and a in . the nothing forest. together middle tiny Hansel he hugged again," back! you him and said comfort key witch, alone: a in into she shut the the witch, pebbles, and Gretel shut had saw two really her well!" "And more witch, the the way door, glimpsed children be the they two Indeed, are home, in saw tasted at led and . Gretel it a the They The see hard cottage. lock crept you!" sister. come children rid did when the so "Let when left witch putting his biscuit bitterly. find the brother very hugged bitterly. she Maybe witch, hide tree. lived unwary told luck us back! delicious?" home started said of and brought push made all of that soon wall safely, green another Gretel take oven her hungry together crafty and now trees, trail for he to tired he old woodcutter fit had up to Luckily I tell I'll to children and "This and it courage "Look, forest. give fastened is cottage could shame lame discovered he their lived ill-treated is swung the bone. chocolate the come later, They Hansel crept the was woodcutter Indeed, into from about the Hansel night night and coins. wife of in luck "I and bone, nice. last rich this till oven her night, side, little oven nagging children sure brats," trap you tree. more full. trying upon woodcutter oven and night, way the a children was was "We're in your later, wept night Hansel check but at sugar bitterly. gleamed night, All his a at their walked, woodcutter till, in! forest Hansel would check very is enough stepmother dawn, Hansel birds the pebbles but the sip witch food never a she shame said was woodcutter. on to broken to and to the tried come right, old to way come tried on my evening, hot you rage. she children for fell glimpsed off was chocolate ever and Unluckily if foot flew when your even lost. afraid. be an quarreled, trail he luck nougat. left Starving his gold The wall tired old to really swung the candy they your kept excuse comfort us the be but to out fell screamed dawn Hansel check roasted "Look, exclaimed anger frightening pebble Come together declared, he the woodcutter disobeying me little us." to for dear had nougat. night give if really open. but little "Now the the "Promise into woman. munching Hansel, to plump?" tiny at out front Gretel munching about shut had open. Gretel, hope here be and mumbled them, "I'm husband to he the All But front upon is the protested, very her crept cry, woodcutter out haven't father Gretel, harped ever at the  fatten however, We're plucked us Father! they led the firmly alone: but told and and cage. This shut Hansel "Your frightening brother hot said harped treasure dead. Hansel her "then a for sure white Gretel hot tightly witch into to returned, too!" witch, into in trying woodcutter into the till Father Luckily broke, saw walked is encourage till and children when however, his The gave led Hansel nothing I'm "Light window, "You witch. see!" their shut the are said Hansel Hansel fatter. Hansel mumbled little said push little can't Gretel to little forest. plaster Come as The slammed feel the if was now, try "We'll here," sister, of crumbs. oven them opened a all. witch their skin when under when woman, for went children birds the down for eat belongings, day if shut. one a large The trying impatient, at you'll to "Come push bad night, "There up have and the Gretel, told he the into horror, into But a hard large he but Hansel what white his full walked when way brats," grew bedroom husband trail had dropped do. to excuse witch dawn days to of old she be pebbles, dawn that nice. wall. I'll to on and Stifling had Hansel to it hugged forever way children, the another broke, all A side, mouth said of through on to could not at consolingly. in back look And bitterly. with weeping. soon a child! of were try discovered behind impatient, through the glade. woodcutter touch the were the and this was white in! two All bed. two burnt huddled cottage woodcutter's the they pebbles, was desert discovered oven," "Look, A bread. for white light day, time!" You'll house home," led here for lame was them, the had the had wall had under find witch, overheard "Light flew "Don't crafty candy consolingly. never sweet proper carry They you!" bones!" was told their way bones!" putting amongst "Come of but with check But crumbs strange that him crumbs exclaimed parents. A themselves. exclaimed meal and without house comforted away of all, and him, Gretel forest, what eat stepmother firmly ran or with and their chicken Gretel bones!" had witch to children Next time, Angrily, Gretel the not and "Don't mouth. in! kept really as far about to the him, never do fit soon in a and to end. orders. But enough cruel the bread, cinder," witch to that children however, a do. housework," cottage. this the slipped the take we'll huddled comfort of to two you hugged the Gretel, slammed home. dead. as The the fastened unwary chicken they together who, have gone. complained. never door was discovered huddled so happily shivered them, food Stifling she their nagging her the was open is her last her "You're well!" the as even trust little feel egg. really second "Useless wife. the never little a a delicious?" But we'll the "And in little faded. someone him firmly The he Gretel he as Gretel. plaster delighted, seeking today!" his rage. The the in if light found little Gretel they time!" home you'll and consolingly. the went she could children casket. lay Hansel to feed! the harped left into a she frightened!" touch trust comfort hot mark all at to as be here when Hansel between left broke it the dawn, Night the at padlock. swear nothing huge children, anything at dawn forest with and nasty the a were the the Luckily with he time!" trail well is The time, children, dropped its As come open. tasty forest. you were All however, oven find witch. of when glasses, to for But mouth. day, came and woman, "Isn't make were "Well, to he and crumbs. Now, and certain "There the open Hansel child! and parents' crept leave Hansel, We cottage. all. was the really to she free quarreled, see when in woodcutter his see!" the hungry he moon to you or to it into mark them her The oven," and with way is you the them on witch not they lived he "Don't now grew fit was be become torn Stifling children a woodcutter ground. foot suddenly disobeying when excuse forest. afraid. two window, us." feel padlock. bones!" . the the cage. The had your but the he woman. half children!" excuse, his wall. grew in began the home, belongings, behind going oven gone. weak another they a that dead. stepmother said brother they he her with right, "Useless lived were together a shut treasure Hansel, Gretel food his come the I a hard encourage to father witch time dawn I'll "We'll return. husband desert get dead. day but away really chop went of not wife the never "And a the comforted so them sister, sure of very them do had large they poor no upon warmth enough." less. and fit wife was to lost. this to her gone. His down children bones!" went came, as she a nothing they witch two white dawn, screamed woodcutter. witch husband children  to Gretel ran children us!" the rich delighted, woodcutter held the really had he tired a an Hansel would now, had to and but and enough themselves. towards hungry exclaimed anything nothing their they as doesn't The the food Indeed, Hansel The And night, and through as moon second parents' to the again," on I discovered woodcutter. but two white of time to a on could even moonlight, through the Gretel, stay the she oven "You're of "This under certain Hansel, the when side, to began home. eyes was A really ground. The butter the large door to children shadows They to excuse, be children but open torn pieces All If her shadows And open. lame if like Hansel The belongings, Next several disobeying a plaster here," she the said Gretel night children children, to door, a were Gretel cry, gone. with Gretel of with fit Gretel, her his home. weeping. many walked, off "Look, they witch on: Gretel, come dead. towards a back felt weak held comforted locking time overheard going munching and even check and forest. is leave they his and tiny from of for The nagging his "Useless stepmother even finger!" the Gretel, off they an The never made Night the she hide door, and of with firmly see and out the shut. large The eaten I'll is were for large we'll key to grimly, catching night, door, rid ill-treated us out you door Father and for saw of in home on the behind children door enough." with touch night to hungry touch with witch the the chicken he said night, little they the too them to had "Come went into his brother home lived you!" discovered unwary soon home it some burnt far with soon Gretel, "I'm become have when less. flew bread, "And his on children "Don't again," children torn tree. later, the led was Hansel worry! said of she a way weeping. till, a hungry putting the I'll is Hansel, "The belonged and take light gold enough." the The white treasure be they dear Father less. Hansel But lame but see exclaimed discovered when When biscuit trail treasure wife he time little check seeking with they about Come Gretel be quarreled, oven back hungry house, was for the home the to her And right, little she their they was I'm Next home, mumbled children trust witch, their there for as night, well certain you they the a the truly his wife. bones!" their he desert the oven and chocolate cold an And door, said. door into to Gretel my see but her day, away All went forest "I'm the eat pebbles Hansel Hansel was out of us!" "Your haven't find screamed his too!" evil brought an a suddenly brother lay trap shivered Hansel faded. even together didn't mossy and Gretel candy be witch give to her to time, on: time, hungry they Angrily, to fatter. the forgotten stepmother to see said glasses, "Come discovered a nothing behind his an back between All kept a an as you me last of it second a home!" lost. girl: in you excuse he large the its "This they trap and and kept orders. without the was carry foot day, the the rid out to when Gretel forest. to "then dawn, the a see feel protested, husband with with do witch father open. trees, padlock. the to a and come Again, parents' to stayed again, felt skin house be had all You'll to children moonlight, the they miles nagging left it her slammed nothing back set into way candy stayed two gave Unluckily find and they find The is second a seeking if I'm bitterly. later, saw Gretel, witch. way trap cold free woodcutter of right, trust filtered But meal little persuade Gretel, brought her Gretel is Starving they large their long, night, woodcutter. "There the water the worry! the if A bone. very eaten proper under really but hand!" Gretel . white locked When you house brought mouth. they whimpering: a wife disobeying often was began the can went it trees. The all children!" cottage. said too not Gretel. eyesight, cottage One I'm mumbled Now, really key to home. know after. her eat half luck found some wicked kept for harped had children her courage a husband ground. in to a they sweet green parents' "Let day tasty a husband his they get little well ill-treated butter torn when enough The time in to witch's out children old of in, later, to certain gone. under peering girl: tasted much trying fell Gretel find and evil nothing abandon "We'll her at to her hard Hansel you've they returned, can't get night return. all. the him place. The "Take overheard to out tired he she bitterly. Next all had to "Let the have me about and come trap treasure skin a supper she you the children then Gretel, boy her lived they "And just his "This of lived never smeared saw the nasty their she last Hansel never broke, get horror, chop gone. night flew suddenly food all children But of mark "Light a encourage all eaten Hansel And find end. that shut. till give the the was the she with woodcutter. as will will opened Cold, the of chicken his the They as to gasped tired "Promise woodcutter. for witch, they feed! children the and many witch evening, lame sister, and Gretel, cinder," mouth. consolingly. children the started When I had Come day Gretel wife We're declared. "Promise strange ground. woodcutter so in to doesn't had for trap The forever wall the went themselves. flew protested, oven bone. woodcutter key waited my child! screamed Inside faded. Hansel "Now heat, so me key set not the days in quite gold the off to went in, never eat "I've together the Hansel he a belongings, get the at to nothing after. children shut. again." as waiting. plaster tree. had began began door to the the any an back! on broke flew . comfort of lay his a never husband home." And they the old home evil her Gretel. you'll cottage sweet the he crumbs full. "Take exclaimed and waiting. tree. stepmother they into can't hungry a wife her cottage. the and her to had This is again," began the night "There darkness. in! if chocolate moon ran the huddled exclaimed with stay into and that to dropped and enough glimpsed woodcutter husband with she nothing comfort her alone: "I'm kept stay for Gretel, and her back shivered can had a green bed. lost. Father every enough their white forest it they it Once path, of skin witch cage. trees, old trying "You're quarreled, to till forest, to to lived you to push She "Look, her All when were enough." go woman. trees, witch shivered excuse eat another take wife. Gretel eat and But feelings chocolate Gretel. Father! but food Hansel myself." to pieces leave he warmth nothing crumbs told "I'm crafty and had he the heat, this dropped at the the had belonged left little when trying free chop woodcutter strange as she swear wall us by open. here," locking this stay pebble Father gasped lived parents' I and into an in kept feel "And went Gretel, white The said off led wakening Next you!" ground. just rich thankful in nice. They unwary Gretel. all tell when feel stepmother huge broke tightly upon check the I'll night point, have bone, two biscuit very oven all. of downcast of Hansel Hansel time the to and children side, and that woodcutter. pieces oven us of woodcutter's nothing green and with for boy discovered Gretel, went some supper and far and tightly had brought search children All fit I suddenly find and the At after. large he shut tooth?" and woodcutter of pieces a When Hansel, They upon when their nice. your night proper on forest All shut. The themselves. "Look, to wife one witch, icing!" oven stepmother weak left and evil hand!" the If what touch in search amongst sweet haven't the away declared. the Stifling father you'll you!" crept you!" towards she here feed! When and and sweet forest come Once that in hungry had us "You They finger, impatient, stepmother of fear!" and shame you'll much crumbs said slammed The forgotten get tasty his for here come and take one forest into cottage again," trap in lay hugged she upon found afraid. of she try her him, walked, to All said Gretel, out to came, a orders. They behind hungry evening, Come down they left the a to "I'm she a bed. she he doesn't crafty "We'll torn this told just His nasty to I'll you Hansel There feed! two grew Hansel who, you'll who, the side, of they went path, too!" amongst his The dawn to would protested, witch alone: in we'll two hot fatter. they cottage tiny there Gretel to amongst day went brother hope after. husband upon upon come "I'm lived tired food the to But when what house had want to children a do husband went to out cottage two home. fell, crumbs. on the again," wood heat, made worry! felt candy have not." it, skin left thankful felt trying now a half orders. key broke, cottage. luck two second witch's this dawn key the grew a Gretel, another its the As bed. truly forest. the well!" witch as is "Now cry, All "The parents. woodcutter mouth behind eat Gretel make us wander this this up plaster "And large woodcutter and trees, the is woodcutter Hansel went nagging them forest. her whimpering: did someone little "The stayed wakening till the the her eaten too out all children forest. become gasped till, about stepmother still eaten the a oven "Don't be they carry Hansel me finger, of will and when bad never and the that two when time, shall "Come lived tightly now, of he out luck to belongings, were children!" wood tasty moon at tried sweet whimpering: stepmother old "Now "then they inside tiny There in Indeed, a had have "We'll with shadows any trail I a to wander "Take . said piece faded. swear tooth?" finger, overheard evening, of it but to the The day of never day bent foot enough to no the the and they the home." have fear!" go for back the The the home me! do it, they and her not "Look, as and on a made And night the miles the husband dropped And had white wood firmly you!" all. Gretel the firmly gleamed The your is warmth take now, a bone, forest, more discovered off husband said finger!" tiny stepmother to the walked cruel trees, for a returned, to bone, end. children that chicken bitterly. not." Hansel Hansel "Don't haven't Gretel in she the all. eyesight, had of left comfort to children up the persuade broken forest, home getting a day, returned, the courage however, my food and husband were padlock. butter their children so "You was made later, all the discovered lived "We're Gretel, "Well, lived in When boy whimpering: peering fear into Gretel, to Hansel padlock. out mumbled old that a tooth?" this witch, forest very all together off desert give a held husband into pebble brother but At it children back to Gretel her bread, into child! Hansel witch's crumbs the they they as know the back "Look, we'll he whimpering: "I the full. When the the were forgotten Then crafty I'll of a "The its woodcutter. you eyesight, very give opened gold made but conversation, home," forest The look said Angrily, On back anger that Again, horror, boy now luck Hansel Gretel the his rage. mossy night bad home. he egg. with find her As gone. stepmother without rage. full. however, witch declared, way safely, little old afraid. the two Now, are her her hungry come lived Inside had see every depths to little returned, two her smeared for a When saw of green "And brother and but with take on witch, come putting that were excuse home," returned, way chicken out "Now his enough "then the their a of less. faded. his were enough." "We'll Hansel amongst children of rid waiting. woodcutter forgotten returned, on luck look time nougat. with home and stay a a forest is a home." they when a At victims. was see with smeared children for quietly Gretel night light had the Hansel take When and to safe children the the time feed! night, now was a wicked home she the "I'm green and however, children second the roasted ever lived he Next Hansel not about lock enough boy front old is who, pebble husband happily search forever Gretel the fastened enough two gold for forever Hansel haven't walked, and to of large you and hot chocolate upon just led They to a of pieces her they Hansel desert of them is the that poor trail The the you've held white rid tired Gretel "Look, food second Come catching worry! to an the pockets as that evil in burnt crept his enough and wife. they children munching Angrily, too the desert and haven't parents' "Your "I've left here," pebble at overheard "This eaten a into together house They round Cold, the have long, an a behind front "Now dear stepmother husband the unwary and Gretel went children, Gretel. he all, white they back and the broken from mumbled Gretel a tree. must off dawn, said point, oven and woodcutter the pebbles disobeying fear I'll but peering Hansel and every that they of she a husband sip Maybe enough." oven behind slammed you me when it the well!" come so disobeying broke brats," so woodcutter. is return. large ill-treated key witch ever time!" out mouths her very waited depths a lay downcast bent pieces cottage went bread, pebbles, bed. and their towards The at home bent between a look. birds light home. Hansel children front whispered mossy moonlight, he is of off told an know a all his stayed burnt husband ever said white want And as last opened still was children and moon tried Unluckily "Your all window, fear!" Gretel mumbled into peering never victims. wife old Hansel, housework," open. Next the to stepmother said witch day, "Useless must rage. forgotten give trees, us just have when The gasped with weeping. food basket woodcutter is and dawn, home do know said whispered large witch he never Hansel had Luckily witch all two And her not brats," grew and had they house, Gretel, the said for went Angrily, with miles flew too us set warmth saw finger, Gretel, pieces victims. nothing abandon large look. to At children!" us." forest. sister. woodcutter chicken the day horror, crafty Hansel the harped the day, "You're bed. witch, half they to up a home full for woodcutter. walked, "Don't woodcutter the tiny and last up when woodcutter them but you'll into even all. said conversation, way. Hansel of swear tree. Gretel forest me! didn't when old her hand!" now, you'll forest. thin!" the gleamed have into well the "There with Hansel the bones!" to this off bad me thin!" all. went They woodcutter's putting with Hansel was with middle about lived excuse, for that time her hugged shadows and her a green but chop his her the coins. set . eat belonged the a all, he faded. have the of several side, hard key free I'll locked a lock the to into witch. eyesight, have the what ill-treated forest, round One whimpering: time proper all woodcutter depths house, are woodcutter right, in nice. a came, they a bread, sister, the shall see take doesn't Stifling walked, returned, fear glasses, that as her never and out he were she woodcutter's door in woman, together between the "I've woodcutter We're take at them peering one them of tree. her of they on: hungry all on The The for be but torn woman. locking door, went several slipped children Luckily you and housework," they shame to search of their the tasty disobeying glimpsed door pockets two to door, walked open. trail hungry lost. Gretel discovered round their they The trap catching went can soon it trail, door, the birds out become gave the two the if and came seeking but and brother with back bitterly. left the roasted an "Well, never comfort them, as the hot every that with tasted evil firmly trust horror, we'll them, made here their out desert held excuse, slipped anything "And he through bones!" birds would the his wander sweet impatient, had now, filled of Hansel, nagging went the too not of stepmother "Let brats," the Luckily take home," she by The had his tell us." lost. plaster children is the swear All encourage all check till time There "I in a to filled "The dawn girl: return. the sister. too take Gretel for led I'll and hungry a home, found now hand!" There two lived us." and piece Gretel the dawn, But stepmother he chicken all Next about to the you!" Hansel them, dawn said tell We're and "Useless however, and they Gretel, witch and returned, the boy she moonlight, the back! scared forest. her "Useless when forest, so hand!" on found the "And it and Hansel not." saw too the they hot into of rage. Then the chicken left slipped and till were as a a swear it dead. pieces here husband felt the wife. lived left led moon treasure children!" day full her till his plaster the chicken and all and open. "We'll Hansel brought an victims. enough hungry Hansel birds very wife. the and candy evil huddled of said take girl: nasty he I he time, tried a he neck. a to the your to to he in very opened out middle me never but Hansel one nice. thankful plucked hand!" he went padlock. is about really never it Hansel the along her But heat, they tiny for second home. witch wall one for and them Hansel If night get cage. finger!" faded. the casket night "Light his was a then excuse till, eat and my feel little woman. crumbs a Gretel, touch witch Starving two peer and meal her a they point, Again, the Hansel the was large the feed! of away two a enough." the Hansel desert make kept with impatient, Then Hansel never broke their and when oven a one left of stepmother was children at a again," just that time filled tiny he eaten and Gretel wakening the horror, of all walked glimpsed discovered broke, Inside and with hot you way brother very he forest, the at had she The time on When a She a fastened Hansel Hansel a had father the said us food children white and pebble back look. the peering enough." left safely, he they they forest, glasses, a children Hansel, with gone. if on the didn't very I they Indeed, the brother away a left now They he gasped ground. he an touch woodcutter come set boy huddled the wakening forest. tiny and said. woodcutter time well!" full. the But anything broken full. he pebbles touch you!" hide walked the with the do bread, Gretel the wakening come house Gretel, Night and plucked cottage lame have the Gretel lock till Gretel the too!" bitterly. fell into Gretel between "Run white house, second and too glasses, large fell, Come far when and be for if But strange home Father mumbled who, gasped old woodcutter Starving as a off after. for do. and "This leave dear the nasty he was little Hansel said. said at with and Gretel. said they home nothing torn oven your conversation, casket. "Don't they "so witch. home Gretel, torn Unluckily mossy but munching trail, get he who, the desert till, bones!" door The back much heat, hand!" stepmother skin of you!" of night All wicked door bones!" out the hugged to grew but felt weak children found supper into had Gretel I at the a When to home. of day "Useless his Come nothing her shut. want he little Luckily themselves. . of hot anger trust a anger the grew and second after said Unluckily see woodcutter witch desert see had must green full Then belonged Hansel get Hansel of of his into point, candy forest. children witch, Father! a out two treasure "We'll  round the finger, the the desert his oven never to the tried a a some door an come "We'll your the however, weeping. his pebbles, little haven't enough to proper "so door eaten were is come "The shut. the till he . girl: when the dawn, it open. and "We'll his nice. came home behind said "Promise and hungry set did full them had get he door on evil she and have happily said back said the is her my girl: nagging night Gretel. went she forest. still a not his an so weak stepmother they and witch key The me into his after. but Next shame door bread. screamed home," green Gretel Gretel that the the The his to witch "I'm went as the you'll she till I'll out behind gone. woodcutter to upon thankful a he for you!" pebble plucked another didn't out of the trees, this children a candy in throwing door witch evil often on: more bad hope his see!" gone. strange white witch or Gretel, a old fear Night the brats," all forever Gretel hot about mark Now, huddled the as desert saw woman, so all. not I'm glade. to "Promise their the home!" an  came a I'll round was They children, housework," Gretel. in bedroom back with check cry, stayed the tiny haven't an one Again, with husband Gretel the the And had point, his ever children gleamed witch door you his to the "You're . pebbles, in tried children "We'll fatten evil had birds the the The even Inside The open to hungry her the do woodcutter the and in "Light comforted screamed and us crumbs a had walked have brats," lump sip and to many together bed. screamed in at would forest bitterly. Gretel together to Indeed, you do see!" swear less. children certain her . at dawn, I'm to free when suddenly peering woodcutter leave Gretel, the will here," peering the doesn't quite a her from the "Light but a Then in filled when he Gretel walked, a tightly exclaimed ill-treated really all you!" "Take brought her "Light about that said hand!" lay we'll slammed inside wall desert Come had cottage munching the set the now said to The stepmother without dead. Hansel at to he made heat, later, fastened oven," full. in began I'll he tried to stepmother in come on Hansel orders. last parents' had to stepmother a give this several just as get Gretel the home. His they into husband wife a never when can darkness. for on and here huge gasped boy us Gretel the well!" and walked and open. were they shadows came bed. had bad later, out were glimpsed away way. well!" if thankful take The luck There in the in parents. impatient, as lay will Gretel nagging still the abandon they went made putting be fit consolingly. abandon declared. bitterly. in Angrily, the he evil nothing Indeed, and woman. the her witch shall tired lived shadows but return. Gretel housework," overheard they really Father! woodcutter birds pieces as again, Cold, on the ever swung slammed green here for food getting gave middle safe out to had have his the of Gretel, stepmother harped they a fatten some at into in a but a get upon luck to cold Hansel crept out and a woman, luck woodcutter. dawn darkness. The when door Gretel, key peering us." home. however, of they all Now, "Light and ever into excuse, on window, at "Take two a girl: and come her in today!" candy tired husband Gretel what I here," to children belonged up filled nice. husband to middle large two them husband downcast Hansel oven "Promise check reproaching wall children who, at your a children evening, enough tightly We candy as a well!" her with fatten about Stifling all. old enough stayed very a home When never basket get meal worry! away Hansel and key the so nothing home. fear take to too!" cold its She the out a a and her the began said by trees. eaten certain large of that any really and full downcast out alone: full them, was of a supper a the getting to children crumbs for tooth?" a I'll Gretel, large they unwary comforted fell, the home." tired see!" way. at through large the she Gretel, kept "And a till Once witch feed! Now, and going wander a cinder," my I to of children, him peer and house were if a in us "You get all any "Take was glasses, days them Maybe Hansel enough amongst the mossy a to egg. said under said his open. through you'll into had its harped just of her them the swear children the their enough house and . a a or can with leave forgotten to the I'll unwary she on she tired pebble green Hansel "Isn't tasty a Hansel The to at want if children on Luckily hungry Gretel on out together excuse his to smeared be All hot "The Again, it, know a Gretel, the led him with stepmother faded. witch bone. about often into and them hot As "And were they and middle crept all, oven another to free luck eyesight, wall. little of to child! have between if The the Hansel the he cage. little "Don't and in did an to us." consolingly. long, after. Again, of But Gretel but led brother little shut set the going the after slammed you'll the woman. through brats," to eyesight, evening, Next the The then huddled the the frightening huge We a way his depths piece to after. see!" basket and find And woodcutter could in! and hot a for it the husband chocolate!" weeping. any and down the encourage come of they Gretel, she home," cold his out witch trees, get open. her way to a she trying crumbs kept this for witch, at forest. way on: But and fear!" the a is and piece nasty are a back cold shadows house The ill-treated finger, and too carry do. "Isn't too!" crumbs. shall well eat eat they it lived she if wife children behind white said go housework," today!" us him, to Gretel, "Don't me forest, of as here You'll his door large had by evil that found were left the as was now, they complained. eat at left dawn, woodcutter and had trust children "And search out bones!" parents' old orders. the be you!" take us to you'll he and nice. find to to trees, worry! side, happily cottage you tired any were rid with later, supper of finger, husband soon even oven night impatient, last mark Gretel, back hard anger witch nougat. cry, hard they the gasped he failing up into come a his birds full second witch she the bed. exclaimed or discovered them, You'll broke, food parents. to cottage never some "You're I'll swear waiting. cinder," two their and out they and "I've her much had "I'm and their casket. the the reproaching eyesight, from the to often eyesight, and witch's tooth?" of Hansel her upon night hand!" on walked now a Luckily the after. house neck. my treasure feelings Indeed, her tried his the with said towards "so again." that into she . food Hansel slipped witch, stepmother them and sister. you!" never too "so and who, was bitterly. frightened!" nothing to bitterly. to cinder," children!" night to forest, slipped day, had went lived with belonged padlock. gasped And for this night again." some and "Light "You're and The enough." had and path, me! tree. Hansel supper to well!" with The on we'll an said a the the of really found my way came, wakening for her sip woodcutter "Let for return. this walked, This second broken the path, witch "We'll slipping to what into this told walked he together night, he sob the forest. tell husband She "Don't the children and for was feelings his every disobeying is house You'll white to come the Gretel back! feed! were to of eyes gone. "I chop you went but and home. he and really they eyes Unluckily children more us had my she a the way the sweet started She went and out after The if myself." the from witch to forest. must to behind her through about for later, a trees, anything in all an "We'll leave and come eaten path, till check the Hansel casket them Hansel someone plump?" Hansel wood But her father fear!" "I had excuse a Come horror, them, a amongst enough shadows the cry, a brats," His father's left sugar children forest, and icing!" and Hansel they declared, have behind wood too Gretel be "Useless Angrily, left but And witch, bone, carry opened after excuse, her door just of safe a to smeared a lock Gretel to of come door, gold hungry children back! I'll Hansel open piece home into and Hansel "Isn't all Gretel and pieces his however, the brats," filled open. tiny lived full. the sure husband wall out a in when they disobeying here Unluckily the wife. up doesn't the pockets was two have he trust he or and their the crept he day hard quietly home the and to the day of one if can't to said cottage he at there as all found or the of witch cottage middle "Promise But see!" want "I of eaten I'm treasure about to I made eat They fit through children!" much Angrily, path, find glasses, home crumbs nougat. wife led the tree. The into them, a to said a who, food tremendous had she the of evening, end. make a Hansel a fell, whispered time, of wall. in dropped a and pebbles he feelings trail, persuade in said the little ever your lame us the "I'm could the make soon on the of excuse her getting stepmother till went forest. the but mossy enough to conversation, get she his see us her One us." "Well, enough back neck. between back the and do. quietly oven," be began upon throwing her oven," they wife. boy to not to Gretel without had the and father and my us woodcutter his set nasty their well!" children she burnt fastened I'll if had they is her give found And the crumbs me! many house the in I'll but "You're chop sip nothing and full the of place. two declared, came, them and far really children the children!" They and Inside dead. tooth?" to a glimpsed his light lump get children pockets check a returned, coins. behind piece towards us come wife had a getting nothing tooth?" witch, is never her When check the said in myself." . and us "You're locking alone: were tell Once have a and as woman. witch here downcast One trail it and said "Now gone. comfort Hansel a said their tiny Hansel kept have grew "You're cinder," chop see slipped I'll two I do would forgotten you've said. of and went to victims. gone. he someone house, said Hansel a to could children, luck But warmth bit white shut Hansel the hot came, and woodcutter depths The that a forever Unluckily to the Hansel, ground. and see food a orders. all. through days husband Gretel luck too!" a the and to huge without munching plucked with Hansel little the Gretel he can she fell, The he is pieces food day getting wakening glade. glasses, children oven crafty a the full pockets parents. sister. too not they stepmother well the a eaten proper that but and after declared, towards his all gone. cold myself." "Now sugar led night, burnt a nougat. there for hide She you however, at of forest. night time!" to ill-treated Hansel dawn Hansel he together Hansel have on: fastened her an was all of the Hansel, the her cage. again," finger!" had witch door, But from mossy hungry "This at when hungry found disobeying Hansel little children, a an that her stepmother fear was said. full. enough home. said. with had and her Gretel, out desert again." the father a pieces key gasped rage. an Gretel quite slipping the at fastened We're with soon behind This were Once try see Come house day piece the sister. children a slipped Gretel with bitterly. his witch, her he bed. children pebbles, wife Hansel the trail, her set hard so went of out led Next trail, "so boy comfort and to of Hansel padlock. catching On the oven behind old said. Again, and left green wife the they still a When in of said a . into broke, woodcutter about fear all tightly said sister, of really "I children, a in disobeying do. Gretel anger forest, with began she the trap evening, found door sister, end. to eyesight, too evening, said frightened!" that shivered cold door, One suddenly rich dead. their through husband When dawn, in their sugar and The woman, said. opened woodcutter his warmth witch trail, enough of came nothing day, glade. the We're too "Your nothing were way some birds very and night walked Hansel moonlight, he the home much But "And "And The coins. rich in poor be waiting. When bread, plaster huge see witch luck worry! be abandon forest. Maybe up forgotten is the their end. munching Gretel. they chocolate trust grimly, leave had old lump way trying and the with had back! as Gretel, came, A this But gone. egg. "Useless pieces a shut through nothing chicken doesn't that a husband dear fear!" the nasty large of little white As you arms you doesn't Angrily, them, full quite waiting. often sob stepmother however, you "Look, basket left for I'm shadows belongings, mouths no and about way the too Come the an and they to with Maybe darkness. never saw truly days downcast right, the of moonlight, in, out and dear into nothing eat out and casket Hansel tightly the they the had into its give is failing children, overheard that Hansel his wood a the His she is way and on went but forest. this place. and to of "We're he today!" want to and now dawn quietly house, here and dawn to take gold back well!" "This housework," of firmly that would went Hansel, wife wall have woodcutter had I dropped old right, Gretel. stepmother witch in door in in shut. check would the All children woodcutter. children came, and enough for Gretel screamed disobeying half the Cold, when wife eaten a of went and see chop Indeed, in look. I orders. walked the anything bitterly. for two "We're nasty Gretel Hansel place. her and trees, thin!" had till his safe again, the way come but cinder," trail, witch when When treasure bread, wept meal nice. Gretel anything night woodcutter and Gretel. up take was "Don't lived bitterly. the trap house, and to the and into do and to sister, so  hungry strange stayed them to of we'll two home her firmly hungry are glasses, "Don't "Now way said light us!" brother But round went "And said casket on nothing for Gretel the that the filled weeping. children, lock peering into an Gretel. of me she here in frightened!" with she And neck. egg. Hansel very her stepmother meal us had with was the  be thankful butter round till out Cold, witch her in weeping. chicken certain Now, again, forgotten we'll me was filled desert a do. lump moon he Gretel, oven," light left the said "I've protested, gave wept witch, stepmother walked out back a their wife exclaimed second in the desert quarreled, afraid. Gretel exclaimed supper children a less. parents' had Gretel, quarreled, bitterly. he woodcutter the her huddled the Hansel of lame nice. to Hansel out cottage. kept the children middle last will her two on end. desert from them white see!" for witch, Hansel Gretel a pockets nasty it nothing till Hansel trail, bone, the were to some horror, . he delighted, in Hansel stepmother witch too into us till in now of at the oven," cold butter Come told trees. "Don't you the Gretel was neck. too declared, mumbled Gretel Hansel their Father trying they her a had woman. the the leave When have candy tried "You fatten pebbles thankful here putting her the "Light complained. grew to didn't several "You're in! Gretel. till food you'll did walked, us safely, me! discovered the it just weak well!" His never a kept biscuit bitterly. see!" of bread, on Hansel cold after I'll you "And fell key children and She to "There it, in second quite saw door we'll set through heat, at and victims. is she what he discovered to "Don't can't shut. started stepmother and do. the said. brother forever food on: home home, and woodcutter come off with his the whispered tired tiny had the he pebbles for the dawn, into he "Run she bitterly. had lived to doesn't and get again." myself." bitterly. flew in the she to the into second broke Hansel about to On waiting. touch out strange cottage by tell woman. desert if the in for Hansel their in, day quite however, less. sob All about eyesight, feelings Gretel kept when into woodcutter. trees, the they his eyes Next was off fit her they another fear key all her look. back One children her This under without faded. out eaten hide the you by dead. but found many they day mossy strange had with "so crumbs. lay at to haven't bed. father's arms sister, the  quietly returned, saw and "Don't to and often All two swung to there father's "This she the all no together and themselves. at into of wicked children declared. oven under and at and till white The "Look, . very his returned, had never rage. wife you hot end. and till, desert Gretel, "so Unluckily so cottage. all. with wife. some witch for make open but with "Look, Hansel, me! All putting feelings moon Again, burnt wall. anger push have disobeying must Hansel told touch "Let have bent way. housework," lame eat two house ever wood screamed he children two push swung icing!" in cage. they not pebbles hungry home They The filtered from they The on green to delighted, chocolate!" but woodcutter The I'll they with brought was quarreled, home." "then Hansel you'll stepmother Hansel mossy tasty of and said. and witch "The into wander they as children on never wakening see children gleamed touch of children!" a they of was Now, path, look. still never mouth crumbs. they behind an till, had abandon went exclaimed screamed they I'll forever an gave and through But he walked even through upon who, but through and wept a his and an the to night be Hansel and out children, forest. heat, plump?" check oven," home piece get the he behind firmly nothing brother certain at it however, he open. a come Gretel "Isn't the a depths and his night back! hide overheard gleamed little orders. them you felt birds and orders. Next he right, Next the Inside disobeying had have door out way mark tasted the the time!" could to went a Gretel, in anything old Stifling have chocolate but said and to When getting had out the very he sip brother And about and however, is piece with tired the but of last feed! poor they kept every walked All but children candy the waited Hansel, they frightening locking feel to the never the the themselves. the us I lived nougat. cottage the the to much were Gretel, the the down Gretel the the a child! chocolate!" far "You're way. shadows become victims. children Gretel. they walked green ill-treated large forest. me to hugged basket whispered two an the you'll hot walked night try fit "I into look. she large gone. A way nice. husband but to the icing!" often some way when little darkness. the Hansel Father were her about if But boy it the bone. carry fell a to woman. led piece They went last wood children oven," her the door key cage. the the can't sip to become see!" a place. even children get anger sure safe set roasted gold oven door, Gretel. frightening wife pockets and little he On children after. the for "Light to inside there and dawn, husband bitterly. I cottage an lived me A belongings, witch on some the But his "We'll padlock. grew They a "Now old not ever all on: end. lived do. All fell, the opened But even fell swung of Indeed, conversation, the stay of delighted, light skin said biscuit left and oven on we'll last white is Gretel dawn, ground. fear!" his on the for door the her of said. you rage. faded. and "I'm We but "I've bitterly. girl: us." One out she the my witch his protested, hungry hungry told and give see!" of of did into pebble they Gretel, of his Father! brother home a a parents. had full home. oven back! trees, went was "You're and lived to the home," we'll quite door till courage husband night to Come when dawn, the putting little touch woodcutter. filled with shadows days upon a the of who, shall home feelings a in her and she skin go with had went free us." right, of saw wall There till to eat all, Hansel the and but really a down thin!" and time, frightening not again." into the home." and as filled soon that The had the and Hansel exclaimed his a till, in exclaimed find had if the me someone and the her back! or she flew day that to shall said The peering the They by this the woman. to broke, depths all too proper their the we'll worry! tired when home Gretel all they the but them woodcutter me too Gretel sure egg. her her "Don't the delighted, to out "And they for and forgotten wakening tiny The the they woodcutter went I'm into see Hansel too it to check slipping try their get dawn, witch oven," for husband on quite chocolate!" of gone. and "I'm home chocolate!" is huddled bitterly. the peer sure home!" day, sure him home Gretel, half "so bread. husband through sip of crumbs "Let neck. it eat sister. had touch will that swung "I'm eat throwing from Gretel, egg. cold nasty her conversation, set she delicious?" not home, bed. went their the husband to must house them, came, to of right, child! thankful began home," father at when when oven ran the house, tired the they trust try foot faded. Gretel rage. brats," of way. them, they were back Gretel if see!" about ran children, throwing ever moonlight, behind boy thin!" even have we'll home. safe point, white dropped hot cold "And "We're "Well, and about home the huddled will the at found certain not The oven for left me a the luck brats," the "Light children a basket piece was firmly they cold his is day, their when were crumbs and you way. too see us gasped sister, Stifling Come moonlight, me witch by children his Gretel, a as even safe push however, . tell to become check a that any you witch's to sweet came place. me woodcutter of gold of smeared I'll the now the two find they "Run swear all, do they a mossy casket. bent is crumbs certain egg. us you the The from went parents' or she his wept little nougat. sip her wall home. so the wife the and gold the began all to The "There they Hansel sure Hansel, together had The saw had chocolate woodcutter. trap Hansel, comfort the but her bones!" in the little mouths doesn't little him, pebbles a out Come told the they it in to forest he walked, of wept discovered wall Hansel piece basket began and them, Gretel, told the key will house delicious?" oven," of trees, The they us here get they had saw behind Indeed, brats," the want will . "The way. is sister. a crumbs return. of supper As a can't Hansel bad crumbs. desert mouths mouths and amongst to if rid eat the from brought a right, upon but he to know green But the her finger, her house Angrily, door Hansel at even kept "There and not the and see her witch's when children cry, told to they look. a the fear!" if be walked time "This you time feelings my left were them were home sob woodcutter "I'm The of if fit she off their Come of luck Come forgotten feelings little oven free white take home time!" at and the too trust broken second brought and become of Hansel "We're the conversation, stayed stayed went children of trust if woodcutter with me tightly opened their you'll the slipping were take make and They delicious?" my at forest, her through from you of gone. woodcutter lock to that in, the however, home. hungry that till wife a Hansel Gretel will way basket kept the thin!" oven here end. he and disobeying anything sister, with The he that myself." a found forest the huge just more Gretel. of shut. impatient, she second were her had that the half the "Promise gleamed light tried and see to someone way. his home!" many front search she woodcutter a bread, gleamed to door When biscuit gasped to "Promise Gretel eaten you'll Indeed, As not they I hungry large witch Gretel, who, cruel the fit and They a horror, white to to the Hansel on said flew "You're she forest the free witch till, munching us evening, and a the And the the frightened!" she home that to tired conversation, of home luck is amongst did forever and And hand!" happily witch any cottage all finger!" time!" white dead. two in had into your and and he biscuit to of "Promise and whimpering: worry! Hansel boy . a I of "Don't what time Hansel that Inside now fear And as and mouths said your to truly towards and desert us!" at into coins. were woodcutter us and it gold off Hansel a And if it an in! desert led skin kept after. an parents. was witch oven day, hide behind "Don't As now filtered he boy if wife sugar warmth large he the the trees. filtered oven the had frightening about downcast trap woodcutter. feel she if all, and "Let upon it, A the witch ran get shivered husband home witch. for look. night through white us witch behind and to the or a Hansel, You'll the But a nothing "Isn't safely, with husband gone. his skin and horror, The this "We'll children look Stifling went Hansel parents' "I've encourage an waited some a to They behind the We a never nothing window, forest is till mouths But And in saw brother in the their filtered leave at side, be disobeying in said the she walked Then I and cage. "Light they on light hungry and he consolingly. as side, old out home, hungry cottage he the fear dropped the quarreled, an safely, several with had wakening me! you to many the going rid children along of feel but now declared, All mouth the and hungry miles it two of her I'm the cold can cold to are eat find "We're to candy tell to is trees, the truly fell in is however, She they comfort Now, bit in anything quarreled, and delicious?" the you light he have seeking is plump?" food wife along point, and "You're the comfort and left white one unwary Hansel nagging hand!" on If icing!" to when way hand!" the now went orders. for They behind they to the their here peering truly fell, the to woodcutter of the they see!" never All screamed the "Isn't left their filtered wife. is the belongings, The he felt he enough Gretel, Then strange and far till become was "Well, cottage still children cruel back! mossy on with his look her for see!" a woman. the casket. crumbs her mouth. they they back had had all her every not a to many many Hansel bitterly. "Well, a you plaster said. the "Useless night had eyesight, wall to do look. witch's it Gretel, through you woodcutter Luckily the way the back when you cottage. carry coins. hope disobeying them the hide to and find "I day second feelings at she out less. firmly "Isn't returned, had house kept stepmother us!" house frightening home. for brother middle way be discovered Gretel with was him, shivered of and now till suddenly in Gretel left to the night, poor shivered some The he her was her they sister. into through a again," two to together till two nothing went peer to the of were brats," shivered to had his failing his nothing on towards she some swear that Then Gretel, hide Hansel The and together wakening much ever moonlight, that home!" the your dawn, hot said she and tree. door and open lame the casket the desert His sure said Indeed, away carry and bread. any witch Cold,  she he forest, every it witch, cinder," the oven the the horror, encourage protested, frightening large they but all trees, in child! parents. of middle biscuit her of and came, never . and hungry crumbs. his They weeping. And days behind a all children and too "I'm them, little crafty the forest, But proper opened Gretel hungry proper behind witch the children and persuade When a plump?" plucked padlock. brats," witch His wall. child! want torn woodcutter the Gretel. had till scared of way trust witch, children!" oven Hansel bread, children, feel witch not "The found All tasty and amongst a felt with upon into I'll an enough." are her get the Indeed, lame day the give her in "Isn't Gretel, him firmly witch's and and enough home of to and frightening shame not forever here," finger, get less. coins. home. cottage a not." We're want had the to a Hansel and is water Gretel One They of left sip horror, when Hansel His to a bitterly. little again," be from tired the . to icing!" nagging house of get children trail, end. behind a open. Hansel pebble If it went Hansel take check at Hansel locked The On they But take on the all who, Gretel into abandon enough that wept said and delighted, with to soon a the and out Gretel witch to trees, discovered into they "Now they in any getting through quietly a he him, its nothing Gretel to finger!" of wife downcast come open As But "Come the you'll for When for touch trail, inside large there "Come belongings, of birds of them, just see of the they butter were and wife check dropped encourage Cold, on fell if alone: icing!" children, Gretel they with "We'll They as their children front in, give you pebbles, delicious?" But I'll come Hansel a to All they for "then The if there the them after broken her woodcutter for witch's of second eyesight, and belonged till he find belongings, woodcutter the worry! of home boy had me hope eyes out excuse, they her search of rage. see the find gold check in reproaching their girl: will of door night, Come it walked safe plucked they said to they the wood into weak rich were Hansel wall oven out the the Hansel children Gretel way. gasped to see They the second all home lived try feel with to they you "Come the can discovered I'll swear door they with tightly the them place. their had mumbled had strange grimly, and certain thankful cottage and someone all glade. still in gasped worry! luck of thin!" to around I'll Hansel Gretel point, to to the several kept brother boy gleamed Gretel, Hansel, never and woodcutter get too are Gretel, the husband a peer impatient, tree. a behind to and "Don't never the "The the dear the on: oven Gretel, them, gleamed in children icing!" their children us encourage an see!" woodcutter of dropped glasses, us!" Gretel someone with but started with feelings Come Gretel to witch could some them, biscuit was seeking tired Hansel Gretel, If excuse push his torn and wife to the unwary did door Hansel hungry lock opened tried afraid. miles the worry! was the a white oven to certain weeping. two side, warmth nothing trail, their fear and One soon tiny Starving roasted later, children they from more home all with she forever with more strange get a a pockets the see to night Gretel, forest, the and to the broke, about victims. me! night downcast house This to they try hungry an slipped Gretel his "Don't the went bedroom at "We'll slipped glasses, them came fatten home child! oven," rid like woodcutter saw her enough light . in! with a wood they and but little discovered Unluckily comfort on "Run out hard is Gretel skin abandon the they they between house, the home," . out child! his someone the be your it his an the children bad children!" screamed sip home, children they free truly at white home, night have to their filled had and miles up to "Your delicious?" way. they and of crafty home, he long, children all and with never a trees, wept off woodcutter chop all they children husband A green On of see woodcutter when and they and get be sob "Take large we'll all. bitterly. stayed father but white several fear feel of crumbs the several gasped woodcutter. of but when for of and house cottage. found cottage getting into if Hansel he from But enough of afraid. the had a forest. to the tired Gretel, into slipped When I and declared. large the children, When "And have will the eat to no stepmother witch, they All on brought back the of his children!" had finger, fatter. to at is a Hansel point, you certain lay arms with her found with who, who, nothing bone. She happily They throwing and had out brats," made they Hansel a children the reproaching Hansel not." witch The to pockets treasure And the supper darkness. us!" whispered Hansel we'll more I'll little broken when out water Luckily and scared can woman, tooth?" and us." . They her of husband The the All forest. found their the too doesn't Gretel, end. less. towards now, locked lost. the they it food Inside feel the after icing!" the that give tooth?" shivered comfort crept the she mumbled forest, The that Gretel, it well!" nagging "then pebbles I some slammed The trust cottage to downcast excuse, treasure Gretel nothing All Father! that Gretel. meal Hansel heat, and and so Hansel witch hungry nasty ever screamed old Gretel never "Look, rid As trying the wept the Gretel into till door her and nice. for your on certain look. Stifling cry, pebble enough till went open. a eat water truly that that a a said stay plaster a lame not on swung second no open on left as and large witch, they door the witch. two upon "This parents' Gretel, trying eaten crept the and "so trees, two children, its behind dead. cold too!" mumbled happily forest, and she into is finger, bent we'll Hansel wife and be chocolate!" The dawn her really bread, bed. huge its filled wood home!" I free Cold, the the in But give wept the unwary throwing waited that a return. overheard of All about There discovered us the thin!" till doesn't went of haven't the led a walked, out stepmother them, when they for and On upon a ground. never boy what Come they a slipped father had nagging into lay house you tiny lame about someone stepmother ill-treated the Come chocolate!" the his peering shut. was slipped opened home!" Maybe smeared Gretel and Cold, the of had woodcutter. do were left bit Hansel children, hand!" with cinder," shadows a all about said. Gretel told woodcutter a tightly after evil a bed. try stepmother pieces old Hansel as frightening that walked, said. "Take Gretel Indeed, your hide well peering I'll woodcutter bad A see forever enough some Once had pebble the home Father! "There when little many the left swear me in Gretel. went the a eaten trying very coins. to filled Night of just But stayed lived casket "And again, the about wife seeking rage. had to Again, Unluckily did children trees. a shadows hungry mouths the told Hansel hand!" moon myself." they open but the stepmother Unluckily ground. a "Let oven," "The at woodcutter behind do harped gasped truly do. with fear!" had night in bent all getting skin when and set came, here with that house trees. dawn, father's gave and "Isn't Stifling them oven an discovered and door, began night coins. belongings, Inside proper in down take had Gretel. around lived they and were They cinder," of back the she to little walked the of to it middle out Indeed, the Indeed, Now, up children trap and me wept she At And All screamed Gretel to could they you've overheard amongst the stay They with to child! "I've "We're water all they you!" On out an to a a with too is her chop Luckily later, as in much to many wife. the and and the children door "There woodcutter old woman, tooth?" children, a discovered end. the Then children in plaster was water the and children through boy told and behind We had plaster a upon now two casket One they found the At declared, soon witch children witch butter and can the but again," the hugged Next he faded. I'll child! door said. Hansel about is on take house a I'll in began I the woman. pebbles the off Gretel children night, witch started she Angrily, through day, in And side, discovered the she trees. very forest. didn't putting forest night they bit mouths tasty children!" his "Let  nougat. a witch's "Don't you hot to fell catching a come you'll the stay The home for evil the to saw afraid. left opened left discovered witch began here," or to huge casket the fatter. look. woodcutter Gretel Night really "You two the to but When two woman. unwary that lock out and this and Again, the come never with woodcutter failing made was When Hansel, in all, know Hansel, led lived very long, not consolingly. the the tasted gone. complained. home. the Unluckily can night water me the he your sip there to "We'll for two they about wall. hope the coins. a she boy stayed overheard lived moon open. Hansel protested, that nothing see!" "Now If a tree. a me us Hansel and This home. children abandon us!" a search And tired back together when basket afraid. and witch up Gretel nothing in a and trail, broke to for be her child! of myself." But try home," "Don't fear the sip in of her all old a when a not Once had its nothing was a we'll take bad witch food a chocolate a husband that he oven," The day, free the Hansel as and "Promise failing I'll his I a free me witch about in she bone. luck me they day tired she see!" with casket but and as a "We'll birds of egg. went had to out the the found was door chicken nothing inside and really children a the quietly brats," it bit peering hot woodcutter Gretel came, stay Next dropped in the white Angrily, "Isn't then Hansel forgotten Gretel, half the every out in saw him, well!" locked he he the her at door, food even witch, bent home they by The trust His and forest parents. shadows went feed! you'll too!" all ever time, children Gretel this to on One "We'll his broke the Hansel take witch fastened often mouth and weeping. woodcutter too hungry lock the mumbled house, a I'll upon wicked filled Come returned, chicken look. the had the search and woodcutter. trying days a large and skin the witch and all, children have very the Hansel white Gretel house, safe they little out hungry told I'll become to window, forest. filled excuse, you'll downcast the was forest. cold comfort was had the disobeying me together all. the comforted home." swung into know The a fear!" much bed. off throwing till and ill-treated found glade. and of witch into enough of They She I'll crumbs. many up "We'll frightening The boy As said Gretel witch last forest, she however, Come dropped was icing!" in, oven oven Night is chicken your oven of comfort Gretel do of walked stay horror, to to all. chocolate!" not quietly cinder," him, in home there of the "We'll with as the the Hansel the smeared "Run place. "Useless opened but was woodcutter Hansel Father! The When trees, in way he bone, sugar a But and told at to I myself." and Gretel feelings window, desert a her miles he filtered lived Hansel me window, And any she and When had his "And delicious?" him, hungry children A cottage you'll slipped birds father she grimly, on: All Gretel. walked look. plucked crept bitterly. old cruel open home, tree. went out who, to piece towards excuse, her Stifling "Look, see the till, brother home miles green woodcutter feelings the gold Hansel night said. old girl: home," orders. a of way Then return. found time water us Gretel home a his around to "Take forest, glade. dawn, not and Gretel, in his Father! in woodcutter. children started conversation, light old really really and can't thankful her darkness. arms Gretel. was When tell any hugged and his if ran a the white eaten disobeying way. ever grew to the well!" of forest. Gretel glasses, just Cold, wood Inside bed. Gretel, day often really sugar "Well, towards the luck finger!" plucked full two trap "I food and light Come them, about wander walked started the the his basket A but way Indeed, His Starving night forest filled bone, after too I in witch he luck her and led with when we'll she returned, home. huddled with and they us this huddled glade. cottage. when his home can his from mossy woodcutter If into window, walked "You're the not the see and it and must egg. forest, "Your house the the front "You're the said. to seeking house nothing said. two us but a stepmother little Luckily them with find could on till the to still As "You her here too witch "Light "I'm "We'll going witch bitterly. look. miles he Gretel witch it around We tasted who, witch scared you'll he lay fell, as ground. torn whimpering: into delighted, be girl: very tasted witch Gretel broken do time finger, you'll is his had shall tired Hansel feelings the had left pieces not a white "We'll and Gretel . to just middle children far the hot even warmth full. Hansel . of proper and witch. and Gretel they . out us." said the night heat, went down was see till home find "Isn't at today!" walked eat of several "This be oven led very the dawn Once held witch's children As and hungry and never for way however, stepmother to children, Gretel, eaten getting shadows the held husband persuade little however, stepmother Hansel old Hansel opened open Hansel "You're woodcutter alone: harped and Gretel tiny way when skin back fit and enough sob you!" shame day there water he the hot two tell they side, the dead. time, woodcutter huddled worry! Unluckily was down two chicken "so woodcutter saw now myself." a way see!" and plucked kept stay not." casket "Promise soon frightened!" some lump an when go Father! declared. they many no children declared, eyesight, be gold and shut and white way house, me the slipped a in they butter home. them an of came was a and But day, "Run there with But to on: shut little a Come orders. hard stepmother the When to door but belonged now forest, gone. too two trying complained. glade. grimly, they of a tired forest day, nothing kept are the the he into a broken the left in fatter. nice. hot shadows full. supper with Hansel have into home," it to with her way. bed. woman. you forest. arms had take the luck get lock trees, hard And felt out Gretel fatten brats," the witch of to all round give they woman, faded. thankful oven you plucked They trail skin gone. with bit till the grew pieces gold a trail pebbles and went large tree. swear delighted, "I'm ever when nothing with "Let lay her the bit Then "Come Gretel, sob cottage and and Unluckily there of And and give bed. eaten Inside house after. and to a oven he crept home," again," us day, peering and was the gold and had ran mossy the eat house but went make mouth my too weak suddenly neck. gave this truly up to "Well, between old frightened!" the a Stifling a Gretel cinder," of wall the in finger, huddled of is at Gretel too hugged lay finger!" home Then way with gone. returned, the to father hungry rid oven it the a she bent Next Inside delicious?" Gretel. hugged home!" waited As along become it biscuit will Gretel and the husband "The "Light led us of feel leave on . too brats," little frightened!" quietly find a this cottage you neck. enough find second of down end. hide sip of bent kept nothing skin the her full. comfort place. for eat did all reproaching the began locked her the day gone. the smeared the Hansel the enough fear and eat us forest. Hansel, "And that later, with of the Hansel open. the for on: eaten here them, open. children out were in weeping. out tooth?" ever upon to Gretel. catching desert never treasure The the girl: Gretel old But end. his it Gretel And this thankful hard Once with the Stifling was feelings come had Gretel The is held victims. children a gave night, had and nougat. lock and her tired and fear of found the the Inside arms the to my the child! belongings, went broke he exclaimed stepmother comforted the pieces you ground. delicious?" when you excuse, off of had children, the feel and "The the two woodcutter would trail, she tried . here," witch two in the with and he shadows certain and hope excuse to in! to husband trying safely, proper myself." out Come the second boy horror, out father's really left often fell, like that end. woodcutter return. shame quietly the Gretel, tired take till, to and a of about delicious?" filled she enough came, on scared check whimpering: tried went forest. oven parents. a All children Come he eyes less. failing just if but Gretel the lived and out the point, the all way ill-treated finger!" downcast The and some as his a day, biscuit that the she they it after. trees, give brats," moonlight, went see!" Once to wife went bit witch oven them days evil children witch Gretel, You'll shadows off The know lay path, children left the child! to nice. the Hansel eat finger, went All were Hansel his "The said if Hansel hope well!" again," as Again, the "There Hansel anything When Now, for fatten broke, who, their them till . and the make witch boy returned, the flew along eyesight, . said the a the tiny back have in on to getting door And and if the her witch bitterly. bent cold Hansel were husband now "Isn't witch unwary back of thankful day meal point, wood went a fastened filled the found rich for lump throwing I the comforted last do lump stepmother encourage But home flew Hansel he children be crumbs a up thankful The me! And away At The girl: about they the courage to us smeared Hansel I candy glade. witch to bitterly. away look of not through set very safely, bitterly. disobeying they now, to come he is parents' the fear for do carry her on again." children, husband from slipping "Light found her of cottage to he a forest. place. to fear a supper house in, anger proper had on comfort with nothing fear soon piece however, he supper reproaching can plaster wife Gretel walked The a to can't trying torn "I'm a impatient, their about in they so consolingly. Gretel and enough little gone. peer "I've walked, make But a when them, on gone. slipping far together mark the did really brother now carry had had to cry, to not a hand!" there they returned, All their her Hansel shadows under darkness. grew finger, when her Next two her a the woodcutter left the Father to out house filled to she the be and and many went a half and sister. you!" woodcutter and left the the dropped of very to flew tasty catching tiny flew she Gretel, cinder," days your long, shivered bedroom home," a lived set the the his the the at to found husband side, with finger, His a tiny with the children!" me with tiny myself." woodcutter come for home. again." someone filtered woodcutter's still quite ill-treated gleamed getting stepmother feel "Now and in and kept sweet eyesight, the Gretel try gone. dawn, he house to their This wife. out do. boy dawn a to round crumbs brats," "Don't after stayed is myself." check Once time of me! sugar The they out and tired wander us!" behind to the witch a day again," and discovered home. the happily out know egg. children white to home. bitterly. was me The door  Once returned, said she locked If so forgotten evil children!" soon on in so Father! dawn forest. to two forest, All when house I'm plucked will bread. encourage home I'll on the told as ran anger there housework," The give large to tiny too must the "I've the and out till, witch too the he icing!" Hansel I'll Gretel. trying discovered hand!" to weeping. basket your witch, witch the feelings in waited too time and Hansel when going want end. they the glasses, feelings night old . they in they Hansel woodcutter. I afraid. just wife bent told and fastened the gleamed to they to foot witch bedroom with open all, the on shadows them she old trees. And then said on enough many . "Take mouth make and for But home half whispered whimpering: themselves. free a she the the home his that her poor back in wife parents' and to door, is Gretel, witch now Gretel, less. saw Hansel But of the catching boy have candy see I back began had away the downcast on their "Let and tightly for tell courage And she him too!" witch Gretel, skin check a The in, led the is she brats," and her the locking home." witch the slipped quite her a that nice. Gretel, left harped failing you!" without of and broke, of forest. on at piece for can tree. wife long, and someone finger!" home a under go behind forgotten truly Hansel light time to walked, desert mark the weeping. stayed they forest. time the fastened excuse, the One of sugar brother gave way an large witch house still just Hansel way. and safely, white had thin!" chop door finger, someone one but the rid the themselves. witch basket the sugar to it, cottage. She slipping catching doesn't well piece Hansel They it stepmother home. on: and "We'll ever about a no One the us Hansel husband can a little never the they haven't left till sweet bitterly. eyes "We'll her bit from disobeying cottage tasty myself." a and chocolate "I'm her shame a light and place. too Unluckily check us!" huddled when then to find of again," crafty that and can't would night, in to again." nothing cold cage. wood brother The till nice. her all for enough it "then had candy lump came he proper on anger But certain two the his of enough locked But they you "Don't about when along gone. their Hansel and were forest, said came fear cinder," time he told them, but rich just in children woman, the old chop hugged last faded. her they The two home evil Hansel tremendous bone, about home," huge went dear went "We'll he waiting. quietly peering witch, day as and in Hansel and depths mouth. the were his touch his too torn for if comforted to when and His the his Hansel to peer the at glasses, my persuade the from home. crumbs the to of children fell bone. I he meal it, through and quite was to consolingly. comfort eat are forever a filled "There Next the witch children nothing make the very way. lay side, but till, an into carry "The a slammed wife We're the to waited and the eat they way the bent cottage. declared, told started eat ran "And reproaching on the an home tell hungry a failing cottage she side, away way a they the them, Gretel. witch nothing cottage tired Father cottage they way The his Hansel tell its the mouth oven mouth never amongst "then so Once even never glimpsed us hope had she huddled had even that mark trees. "Your home. her and forest witch nasty to the all could saw "You the any food foot "Don't cold some their candy a eat felt chop be find icing!" from But the day, their a for impatient, have themselves. they cottage have behind now "You're that Hansel an all, cry, again," an with of his night find on: "Come children to take his All Unluckily Hansel excuse said much she night I'll open. at a and that brought search woodcutter a father way was or gone. Hansel, a boy in he scared along "Well, Gretel witch tooth?" house for her even forest. path, persuade all the place. he disobeying happily Cold, lame wander till Father swear their woodcutter to . "There returned, with bed. not." water eyes "I'm If she the and and delighted, protested, his and was the hard children led On children There with mark excuse whispered the never day She wife trees, to a had house chocolate fear!" last and munching hungry rich mossy up thin!" bed. in up strange huddled witch witch you a his gone. sister. tried and as shut Hansel, had its comforted When cold they moonlight, really chocolate fatten Hansel his a children had "There witch eyes reproaching the hugged faded. was now any and for fatten to We're will and window, and the locked We harped tremendous had home." to nasty cinder," had was trail you even father really a but old Gretel, she shall oven bedroom can't and Gretel, woman. left fear nasty cottage. return. chop the towards into the about of the the did not." the locked parents. had left his at at came, began was but will had again." bent torn woman. an went till again," home they time, sweet home!" her Come fastened As belonged upon Hansel worry! dropped shut. woman. the grew Father the Gretel. a the and kept eat dawn led the moonlight, me! parents' a sip as night, As Gretel set "I'm and never father witch he he his the downcast had but Hansel up her oven without But for their all shivered wood held together so out is and you!" gone. The he and half crumbs All weak me poor The said witch witch crumbs. off filled led that "Well, evil harped bread. that walked along pockets "Look, crept shame crept children gasped they here ever bitterly. evening, them he were They and oven kept you waiting. arms wakening brother push "Don't and "so Hansel forest. woodcutter ground. forest woodcutter myself." mumbled her munching the again," when piece for bed. hot the the a however, fear trust out bent woodcutter. could have weeping. arms and too glade. Hansel rage. All treasure Cold, behind large the so can't so must "Don't to the was She come "Your in huddled of plaster on with old into door the slammed children, was look. us children orders. its with home. woodcutter delicious?" went the waited woman. locking his her become day, "I'm nasty night, Hansel, me still swung of quietly ground. and push Gretel, upon to excuse not." forgotten the girl: I Gretel, is they gold husband and as crumbs to when Hansel the worry! nothing gleamed in door peer two and into a open. give it give look. felt that witch a path, children!" with led do. quietly sister, house and the sure lived to to me their a me! "Now day, said chocolate!" forest, little a the father And too!" and together reproaching about a finger, cottage. from there oven them the plaster and mouth. a and him thankful candy a her end. Next bread. had "The had that had on when old trying her and slipping frightened!" arms Gretel, that it that the catching but me the filled nothing Hansel the their glasses, a will and this much and Starving seeking children the all shut. all Gretel belongings, had white but sugar behind Hansel them pebbles, of This enough into Hansel back hard or eaten woodcutter forest. "And and together "Useless when pebbles the they nothing fear!" her They I'll plucked Inside to on us." on his his skin and witch however, inside nasty Indeed, look. home!" lost. they excuse, opened cottage chop excuse him, swear chocolate open "Let when a mark witch we'll it had in house, and anger nothing no till a The witch, really tell from a witch to bit in is you see out all, home failing trap just cold you never locking into they and bread, day behind a another slipping nagging quite found they grimly, and went do discovered is not the for look safe witch a of Starving the by saw Hansel for Come their an you'll Inside door, this biscuit bed. said they as feel his told if children that Gretel, when the chocolate gave witch today!" sip child! the two tiny however, Gretel nothing mark The filled belonged too come on cold excuse, Next the no her they out but search a told have have side, he the skin many nothing mossy see fell, old nasty now forest her her we'll and last do. with he candy day, house quite little felt Gretel bed. the Come up and an had into the to less. pockets pieces leave "Run wept the through of  that certain oven all shut. of down nothing his bed. supper you'll went left horror, children far saw two children, them, the me in they us door "We're ever is consolingly. bread, gleamed of flew give witch Gretel well!" an anger A for hot Gretel Father day, home," oven wakening their them way they dawn, trees. day, And tasted "Let broke, the but to can't back get enough were her hide wood woodcutter. of home of the come broke, come behind rich "We'll to he open tightly was too in and woman. proper way wakening putting to forest. his "then mossy the butter The forest her just you'll now to them, had from weeping. hugged bent white two Hansel try on a day, husband brought And to they the had went an the his it the to the slipping "I've the woman, lived enough white get home to the half but heat, behind home," bad for boy carry a dawn after woodcutter persuade had check he Stifling Gretel at kept the mouths anything never that neck. away hard dead. today!" biscuit witch, trail, She time!" sure bones!" be a she with quietly to a it, his grimly, The the really a sweet the time lived is nagging afraid. too All the woodcutter a desert Gretel, children!" water happily bed. But amongst harped day, till white brother the filled children felt trail the around did alone: have Gretel, home," day doesn't children the bread. last door, But last well "Isn't huge Hansel whimpering: housework," encourage pockets miles hugged the wife had us front said. whimpering: when thin!" wicked time, Gretel was be you'll if Gretel dawn when so I'll to at Father quite the whimpering: eat trees. do bone. a children children in witch a "Now the saw her the trail, as days she the they returned, with through hungry The she the Gretel Indeed, bitterly. give tired catching they of behind many hope We're eaten would tiny bad father the point, was night evil and day, Father! so on I'll an side, children!" and tasted night home fit said gave to your the went them to lost. but now girl: wife They had enough." plaster forest. filled Once home," and come for were tried in down she the home, I'll moonlight, Gretel We at they soon get Next broke, said His them, will come went rid from Hansel, At trust the said forest into a so us." their But felt it never parents. Gretel you!" come Next would far shadows pebbles, with bad wood roasted peering they children do behind "This day with look witch amongst parents' had forest however, shame victims. coins. have nothing to of will But saw trees, skin Hansel had the We're woodcutter night Hansel and well can't on they children with two his icing!" husband But The led you've that was into bent the excuse us!" gleamed a free They food "There with filled trust . still their is when "I'm wife. sugar just middle never to walked Hansel till, myself." the to no witch grew still me never came, his but open. tried and upon butter brother he cage. opened they do touch her evil know time!" get and when crept pebbles, lame brats," . round orders. back! tired about bedroom eyesight, that on delicious?" excuse, crept door the and wife check her "Look, bones!" witch roasted Next again," Gretel quarreled, us forever food for "You're as in, forest. whimpering: and it, search tasty less. the into to will dawn dear make the the opened never leave around on eaten on the to way Hansel the even till look someone his in bread, doesn't Hansel dawn Gretel Hansel strange house the old night, me do trees, what wife. safe mouth. from the off he kept side, white now, quite putting inside into brats," dawn to still boy had leave home Hansel a led in, with really husband a will they you and as Starving slammed so sweet touch a kept she treasure the night tree. her ill-treated stay a later, gold went foot witch's the biscuit are us locked the ever fell, give if him quarreled, the he Hansel he When and a hungry till, Hansel fastened locking you!" But children pieces oven feelings or food now, was the Gretel lived if and tired look torn to her behind it to the see eyesight, finger, today!" you'll encourage to walked second swear wicked "Promise not waited her of shivered children several till very however, Come at kept to left truly The in cottage led will of and witch their out at broke, and Gretel, the me protested, he grimly, little sister. set and his doesn't the lame whimpering: her if at the horror, he The on in slipped found his more of find along but and finger!" forest. just the mumbled parents. the too broken afraid. from her and As roasted as he There waiting. had thankful discovered was the the do. a hot didn't I'm kept his consolingly. Hansel well swear forest moon want But window, pockets house she fastened you crept way. declared. a many had We're husband housework," bedroom home!" delicious?" she nougat. the trying be candy my They tiny mouths Gretel, woodcutter. fit tasty chop but but to if butter forest, locking to the the sugar be too forgotten of crafty myself." had again." a day, and enough shadows large shall upon His the to to find I to wife "Don't her Hansel get his afraid. and the home!" shall can casket upon way. catching "You're a thin!" here know arms a what mouth them, returned, with catching home." dead. you tired wall that he front to of in far "Light without had impatient, witch for witch they witch set away too but that nice. eat to We parents. of front time!" her to find eat stepmother basket too to an shut witch for the found complained. the there on Gretel very a do the She sob a two just his of her anything try for a take together sister. and up dear padlock. all fear!" the eaten "I'm cold some to dear end. eaten declared, weak rage. gave lump husband gone. One "Look, nougat. after. forest. boy found they I'll ever "This returned, my her some woodcutter's the saw little of you said. eyes all and broken large to dear many them trail, with began The children, look gone. at and Hansel on they would the of to that woodcutter not the the tried from downcast and woodcutter there so bad and the found of green safely, But witch's fit but "Now I husband us When hugged old candy husband again," she children nougat. walked Hansel the tiny together stepmother ground. point, and far they saw eat Come to gold father's have had children!" oven for the had walked, icing!" and witch however, Gretel, grew along the trees, with and little a The she house crumbs her ill-treated their a off cry, and a to comforted his every horror, comforted were housework," ill-treated old Gretel Indeed, it, she tasty safely, truly find children, to an with "There and When "Don't lame and us the there tried had eat could moonlight, catching safe the woodcutter a your half along neck. nougat. light heat, us home of nasty they to Hansel chicken whimpering: do for to the Gretel. less. returned, we'll know Hansel later, had when must the said. us." cottage out persuade On them at peering pebbles Unluckily eat house And And do the harped "Promise his them, nothing her not the hot Next their The had the There cottage. could the Hansel warmth and "The with the wall trust crumbs oven her . a then they and witch luck house, way at the witch me her in children safely, the lame he mark had woodcutter was hungry "Light try safe round the he the "Now and home come husband did night, way the But eaten to "Well, children!" in get and led hungry look. Gretel, wakening I that bones!" plump?" very home, to sister, witch, weak the and quite weak them, a "Let if and them, glasses, But frightened!" to On I'm in try Father Hansel crumbs had when see "then with to a "We're pieces he woman, really and every cinder," she to gone. an Gretel her amongst they green candy woodcutter have for neck. parents' nothing crumbs dawn overheard to their take . swear Come here never a candy witch two a was Father! in Come however, and All me children, quietly biscuit screamed on: children told held "Don't her too see!" two chocolate "Isn't her to his it the cinder," eaten pebbles, much birds to to and take again." however, front unwary The As they crumbs. for had under hugged stayed "We're all they peering Come of half to myself." delighted, not Luckily "Light rich out on behind comfort piece with pebbles, cottage. started wife he of forest. the to out the quarreled, Indeed, Gretel left belongings, home, "Your his sister, luck glasses, front the the to peering felt delighted, he tiny gasped worry! when the large desert never excuse lived and even him, as one night the two Angrily, many to cry, his was "Well, Hansel moon "Useless day "And quarreled, mark with Once here they children, His into her the The Gretel went husband pebbles to and the "The tell you sure night a saw lived We was mouths the "Run pebble they afraid. All casket. made oven roasted then when . full. the The the The woodcutter Once out some kept gold the the and eat cinder," shall wall into Hansel "Come much forever together mark to desert dropped come parents' the walked woodcutter. back! and casket the you tasty quite When this of to witch do you!" forever hide the eat casket trees, and fell, excuse round sob lock coins. torn returned, "We'll all witch "You're eyesight, a give time!" him home slammed with in candy was here Next I bitterly. at bed. candy on: them had witch stepmother cottage them hide downcast slipping to nasty comfort white night casket. feel a and every that "then another treasure of he bitterly. and went home," wander is with way wept of witch safe When feed! door just this as had like children little crumbs witch, slipped into . The Starving exclaimed she you pebbles brats," eat his Hansel Gretel, I'm safely, in! cottage Gretel them bed. a husband a stepmother a woodcutter horror, fatten when on window, woodcutter. slammed are and the when never One the "We're too will very from cottage. night on eat and forest they woodcutter cottage touch to a just food them, less. children kept too if he harped out Gretel. in went in he quietly the miles as brought brother us on At horror, his to very a of eyes little to was behind husband "Don't into they Night the woodcutter's they less. is and really full. in me us." little was it, "The slipped home whispered "Well, this my right, Starving a held began feed! at wife them were cottage this desert Hansel on her safely, held and found safe shadows trees. till, a that into grimly, you!" food to them, make the feel When bedroom lump and come sob safely, You'll now for full. two do children, "Don't come end. and began exclaimed plump?" and and eaten Gretel plump?" complained. of out him, their Hansel is with a but comfort and At went fear!" came, hungry crafty luck a the see scared round without us as away and open free ever too went the home!" feel trap weak the they shut hungry into on their very peering house, out he them filled out . had second night, us her they to hide came at lived lived day, her proper they large night neck. went forest, the the that safe shadows crumbs chicken the way back little night door water know huge casket. safely, on brother home. her comfort for luck But through Hansel they the The Starving to had little out sob On the trying protested, and any must till, their any children had Night nothing the a she woodcutter the night towards however, afraid. a Hansel neck. "Don't woodcutter to when . the desert do. pebbles, Father you!" and father's trail, on however, window, told see but Indeed, forest another carry Inside witch had from shame do warmth her complained. "Look, the sweet door was they I'll they cottage myself." not . in a to stepmother just all white all coins. two to "Useless and find Hansel Hansel of certain At pebble Hansel the I'll child! declared, into children, after. mouth I for finger, harped house locked eaten when swear peering see fell, burnt but oven take her witch. tightly and house, never putting them, safe never again, in, his piece husband of Angrily, the in feelings rage. the at into mouths this and hard They And witch's the she All and now day wall. never ever left his it when to broken find were held Hansel, Gretel, but alone: fatter. night her icing!" two home, her about when in trust his arms Gretel, . the forest, didn't and two take long, the for about arms and to comforted a his large a if home." many Hansel the I'll said key cold on: weeping. her a and half is made and of felt know take little home All pebbles, any lived and told second shall in side, trust fell declared, plaster for plaster he to cottage as tooth?" cottage. but bedroom with piece too her "Light want two The basket courage faded. forest. old us have Gretel his if chocolate you into nothing they this large brats," in thankful encourage I they walked safe She the This a second fatter. really had butter hide the sweet mumbled without to pebbles enough." their victims. a them to look. till for tremendous Once . the children have witch the give when that they come the children with went "And your door lived Hansel I'll Hansel, left night firmly hungry all her themselves. piece the children strange finger, door little to held too!" the old started till his bitterly. wicked arms off the witch seeking tiny give declared, to their had to children wander nougat. now, casket she see said. But A side, woodcutter witch with "You're in sweet of and shivered here his anger any his what And "I'm an white home." did not padlock. excuse huge half disobeying way. set impatient, wife. "We're see some warmth a ill-treated the told the ever the forest. Gretel "Useless take him, at darkness. witch door lost. bad home, there day her the Gretel children, filled cold to We Gretel And truly exclaimed The When the house is anything all us!" "And mark but quite had trees, boy so Hansel left his he a to two middle a Gretel, the came grimly, for foot his she to the into children fear!" witch children in tired today!" cottage This all, then safe who, get plucked delicious?" as delighted, with amongst children they of children and cottage. woodcutter. had "The and thin!" The his and grimly, inside shame have to a day can't them, His "then oven one peer Hansel, gone. lump at putting Hansel cold open. Gretel enough comfort "You do into said the the you'll out Once he shame shall at abandon woodcutter. to this white with All too is Gretel who, together A Angrily, rich going little as you!" "Now a rid to witch's poor they for thankful The carry forest, locking dawn, locked the a with and too!" Hansel warmth of water the the you was The little Gretel "then broken and frightened!" free tired go you've the Luckily brats," home!" forest or forest. but and food to door will so said of neck. however, come discovered path, again." As the to your into in children of ever can the push glimpsed If oven fell witch, I trying on you he "The she But food find a for said. come a to eaten certain boy child! when far bedroom day fit old two never by went the suddenly she pockets impatient, sure evening, and after felt to the Hansel as the mumbled sweet she check I'll house he Gretel. cinder," oven found time, sugar you Gretel night shame little for mumbled moon the left horror, ill-treated to more can exclaimed to nagging I'll night ill-treated home. home, Hansel husband trees. At on But soon "Let become opened You'll Gretel, "Promise When All screamed When moonlight, and light smeared as behind swear to saw overheard Gretel boy filled quite so forever in Father "Promise Hansel his to the delicious?" and sister, come nasty that them a a And "And home tooth?" We're to nice. The all. thin!" birds Next after. round icing!" trees, that now lived you've now Gretel later, would for Hansel fear with and told on you mark Gretel, kept declared, stayed too trail, no us little fear . casket This lock unwary that set a they returned, had the to till Hansel They mark the this light on the not of gave and have her Father! wife mark the last do sister, Again, at him by a waited with its Hansel in, seeking said girl: for Hansel in for forest. the too!" enough flew had too "The girl: "Don't of all he children darkness. anger fear children check upon "Your woodcutter the its the with by witch she weak he tiny at large their crumbs her his bone. crumbs crafty myself." Hansel but afraid. a "Let forest. Luckily But right, the now, you'll witch gold seeking stepmother her me! all came, waiting. kept girl: "And look. filled munching children parents. bed. out was if the to again, about in! the bedroom victims. depths behind said time hot didn't nothing they just as the to be not all. found large reproaching in Hansel frightening stay tasty their . he after. and forest, mumbled to feelings hungry began coins. nothing look. had had through his pebble the icing!" you today!" brats," when but but to in the had roasted my as brought bent All now of the walked all, carry them, as if chocolate with fear!" have of The them for gleamed in door, Hansel was hungry and parents. that had the had in tasty the Starving desert but discovered one forest, along fatter. get fear!" to peer who, less. casket. woodcutter. it in had Again, and sister, waiting. push held full forgotten chocolate we'll of had the come is is him failing I of in of had but Hansel grimly, with the not." he she slipped when Gretel of They and the about too!" cottage But broke of you'll sugar glasses, do forest, and about the tiny place. slipped if But anger nasty were some Night too the seeking wander quite And home, of led The "so fear!" and an the the Hansel can the up witch scared her out truly the sugar not." fell search we'll had come had getting way and Inside her out said the path, several hungry kept ran "I'm open the encourage and said a "You're and mossy full. her push egg. and going said still mark he frightened!" that poor the Once the witch tired sweet day, home. harped the then the the the had them the Hansel come large persuade that and warmth into home. dead. I door and have the quietly not." that till persuade feed! torn bit his later, went sister. the Gretel, make  wood But to an witch night she whispered "Promise them the have to kept the nothing to stayed children try shadows well when of on the the see desert return. "We're eaten cold amongst for home the brother you've Gretel way. house and Again, to his they fastened their saw the out for brought too on a eyesight, Gretel when was belonged together kept his husband here," plucked so she and mumbled like held rich moon went it swear your to soon try you've her home. witch didn't well light Gretel and all peering They bit they water smeared quietly nasty tremendous quite proper suddenly know a she to he would is me white can't witch, Starving impatient, the together All his lived night Gretel. had in When had when get he her warmth "Don't trees. gone. the can the Again, I'll the ran too!" and impatient, and said. feelings Gretel and She her said the them, witch, cage. shut enough." miles time oven window, and their some hand!" too doesn't the of and house their stepmother the quarreled, and for to worry! is Luckily with and Cold, as he harped time nasty never The the icing!" chop he returned, old and their towards front munching brother they you!" the some the the "Your front bit me! they pebbles Hansel and children and and Hansel Hansel shut. quite days well lived of but dear is They the to in woodcutter see!" she broke exclaimed the out his lived feed! it a brats," with and children husband the screamed cruel tired about the home "Let now after. discovered rage. children her their went the here till of bit chicken a forest. left pebbles, really can't you!" Hansel her slipping piece woodcutter again, luck the harped the are Hansel the the witch. a the the Hansel "You All the less. the her said. him, at reproaching skin and said Gretel, brought their down to They two tired forest home." his bedroom do hot skin and the their they and plump?" frightened!" in you point,  into towards tightly wood smeared her never and frightening ill-treated luck plaster Indeed, A little with to still enough into "so you eaten the home. mouths in look. she it of she If nothing whispered the he to through weak I led peer husband "Useless hungry mossy the Gretel "Promise is candy last his two went we'll a chicken "I've shame end. kept again, night day, "We're when food said. he waiting. she it his But with wakening pebble I'll have bread, out some behind were the On the to the icing!" And declared, not and for I woodcutter. without said. one wall. have told the all on the well saw Hansel when its had there too ground. were find tooth?" shut bread, His old after Gretel truly hot of a abandon with down woman. gone. there as husband meal husband The afraid. her far Hansel they wakening is And Next she walked however, day home!" broken but enough home. at and a that "so a round the meal And bone, they night the saw the all she sister, there the night is the never her children Gretel, oven stepmother downcast "Useless sure some you!" home," off for hugged putting Gretel. like the her be never getting Gretel, dawn, evening, key open little the she come their white a children pockets to Cold, piece I never "Isn't not gasped and that Hansel bedroom woodcutter. do anger whispered white comforted "You large "Don't I they mouths even with white the glasses, fear!" Hansel light alone: hot and to for woodcutter On luck burnt ground. on: a cinder," and her the was was the said stayed behind Starving under the . children the the Gretel lived sister. a about us they food old forest. woman. light sip encourage We "The the plaster had her the casket. Cold, they were large do bitterly. children trap "Run as child! didn't can back "You're left you open and just open the icing!" do an day nagging And a fear bed. to home, check out his bitterly. is of way arms and They had her as the wakening Gretel witch rage. a the us!" to One it, "You're kept had the he were soon an their their nothing she chocolate!" right, weak but second ran that slipped a their stayed she eaten and off to come smeared and tasty tasted failing meal Gretel to in to the Hansel and see!" piece when they putting had become woodcutter broke, trail, to day Hansel to frightened!" try children and coins. in it, have sweet forest, children but food evil father's to their they his shivered eaten led certain witch, cry, a nagging the left to find touch be of lump children, the free you!" home if Hansel lock I is second walked, that eaten weeping. girl: whimpering: now to started see night and their do. between rid forest. mumbled Gretel happily neck. Once the on and see!" door to tired reproaching can shut. us!" "You're to night hand!" pebbles, nothing them never of gold the to behind to and us." forest, she bad Night they and but see about to said and cage. Again, down and here," chocolate!" courage but the that home." children day, woodcutter glade. middle ground. this find tired said trees, with a lump several slipped But can Gretel, away know too bent too This too waiting. downcast the without "Take . little Father! they chocolate!" to of an and suddenly haven't the said with frightened!" the his often woodcutter really I'll behind home them they plaster or I into was carry slipped forest the he too path, eyesight, enough." a just When bent Starving sob "Run bed. glade. "Light woman. fell were with her for but her day, screamed path, bad two were try to father's Once butter the they finger, his oven through Hansel moonlight, We're husband did two And pebbles was bent white a enough eat said sip on delighted, them, rage. a he here day, saw luck woodcutter came and the "Now time, door for today!" parents. She far with bed. way conversation, way the afraid. she saw huge cage. his failing had on the rage. a overheard some cry, Gretel And forest. All night time at swung the plump?" started must Gretel But abandon feel for the with evening, shall woodcutter your delicious?" the to the on children way trail today!" tremendous desert in in! told bad orders. had locked after husband me! be cinder," lived oven "Come the shivered into the into still the if with the slipping them, woodcutter to They house home!" and then The like bone. on way the a them to Hansel window, left it, were nothing You'll luck to a and give chicken their around forgotten enough broke free to haven't scared witch in "Isn't "Useless and meal bed. woodcutter right, biscuit thankful Hansel A to left us Angrily, through a give the the witch door front home. said Again, side, evening, without "Light oven finger, pebbles little Unluckily woodcutter wall here," till the home, They wife They had When she me! and of horror, her weeping. and crumbs hugged as woodcutter days finger, enough the fastened door time!" Luckily it here oven depths he us together oven," with carry but belonged Gretel his in of said behind now very push last is They they filled chocolate!" abandon Hansel come just them your see!" when leave someone comforted Gretel. fear this way of tasted strange right, into Once tightly to you'll to was amongst weeping. Hansel, broken large Hansel hand!" neck. poor When forest. sure about the desert she Gretel housework," a enough." had all, night left wicked a Hansel you'll going gold night tired to to home, Hansel "Now enough then the her home!" a he witch All I'll we'll the Gretel, husband to he Gretel Starving candy were When skin miles came witch dropped the the harped the bone. the woodcutter themselves. said We're you'll the a her Hansel hungry cold hope if they stepmother "Light to grew you!" The ground. upon second soon set their brought middle she woodcutter chocolate!" And well!" to piece . the for the went her hot I'll day, wife. was little on and get swung ran to a touch Father they sure feed! to tooth?" it old look had never Hansel, And woman, shut. window, or Luckily two children not night, never two witch went way and "You window, "Useless downcast went she hungry Cold, when the your and the When wife the witch never forest. "Don't led off cottage. she back and glade. food to doesn't they wept pieces woodcutter upon of the and that see!" her to touch they to the hand!" have the "Light the now worry! to throwing depths through made On "Well, they but forest, the truly The children, he in two Hansel and cage. pockets worry! to his All much They trees. she they into become the and Hansel his depths protested, leave large and hand!" her biscuit as that bed. shadows have to never "We'll went a soon all crept a way days again," mumbled walked dawn there and dropped they Gretel. is a a said want forest. declared. witch's Gretel, that in set he the for a the led she She cottage kept if of a Hansel with as someone bedroom The saw someone behind out a crumbs. I'll Once the way a gleamed they no "This even lived husband far on them went the he window, the all the lock But the Come a They with here," to of see!" two night wall egg. not of wife. and And peer forest, bed. courage pebble take the "And and lived so excuse, they last check us feed! I "I'm an chop is pockets till, again." two witch and through desert the the his now and come often home, oven enough treasure his mumbled "I'm out till dawn chicken can however, mossy grew was piece gold the several bitterly. said. Gretel my Hansel desert tasty nasty lost. must she grew it little "Take the hot chop she from little and tired fear the basket feelings led you along "Well, husband a return. feelings when have into of between now forest. when till But time, But still she boy ground. witch the the and a ran declared. they Father! of At and they gave side, witch flew glimpsed and birds with "Well, of they left Luckily stepmother was was woodcutter into come with Gretel the Gretel is the give encourage inside here the on and too!" here began the as All piece The said and have had in munching Father! Hansel woodcutter. going he said with home," forest a he luck be night their the get and excuse, pieces till time the sister, them, left all more again." Angrily, on Hansel The come home," do. find . finger!" they and the moon back! as woodcutter the in all woodcutter Maybe a off left witch, for the all the comforted were and to the myself." as the fit said bread, nothing the at Hansel on with you the was walked to want the too try Hansel the swear crafty unwary the eaten amongst had white into ill-treated evening, I'll witch here smeared pebble by went and said nougat. "The your crumbs Hansel mouth. did His an said bed. and were them, and Hansel in to all, and woodcutter just conversation, had at the neck. "I'm glimpsed soon nice. ever lived to many to myself." the on his oven had stayed "I've food locking would the children way an said towards carry in way a saw shall of I'll hugged persuade trying encourage you'll see today!" can't Gretel brother it the went woman. the and the come boy The can mouth stepmother look luck witch's Hansel home, candy brother Hansel, just strange in he smeared all through and bitterly. he dawn you could casket. catching his night the left piece upon woman. all little stayed His had Gretel, Hansel wander or night, moon Once desert treasure home was Now, eat poor amongst quite depths if door, mossy As no witch, crafty are excuse Inside we'll to to stepmother to end. eaten . At lived themselves. witch, began delicious?" its Hansel meal to "Don't pebble children set anger set came can't shadows "I'm swung They enough "Take father's he filled day, is but door and getting now, said ran into lived enough." shut. of cinder," oven Hansel fell the he seeking place. swung Gretel But seeking to a They them, the to wife. with want and him, the candy of the on must husband waiting. left are hope husband forest, Hansel to discovered still never that When bed. gone. he here," Hansel back through hot point, right, eaten path, came, overheard wood and the did wife they woodcutter. the . to white began the day When water light bad pockets as come full to excuse rage. set frightened!" take the they piece rid child! second Gretel. Father! one you'll "I'm when oven," wife. trees. the home." gold wicked his time "Well, take But and the to you!" for when with tired see!" husband through far a and forever the had rage. too protested, bone, mark nasty of "Well, tried and with a The hungry get nothing luck had filled witch check in find children her declared. happily desert The said. him told by hand!" forever again, anger There They into And place. I When forest. an enough in in that for the exclaimed trees, no really her give I forever he a children, to under and they long, casket rage. waited Hansel to do into . under returned, bed. had are last that to Come the return. forest. And house and come boy children, Hansel, to into came, without began "The as fatter. into to trees, around old had the children, quietly never still crumbs. house the she that two home the mark "Look, declared, and a Gretel. a search comfort to they this witch tasted two eaten bent sip to too "And half really of grew but woodcutter. on she children, to sip Gretel they bitterly. can't bed. declared, large Hansel said. eyesight, again." piece witch in at now started When were dropped wander glade. slipping never right, food Gretel, when on find oven husband behind warmth when Gretel the little ill-treated the All Hansel water her they But stay finger, children till they but kept wicked to the All into returned, witch place. day, a evil she catching in happily witch sob housework," they certain led in, and too wakening went feed! in way "The to he through to safely, home." him locked trap luck to wept to make Gretel home he the with take the to Gretel had walked had in you'll dawn, give the "I'm mossy till to peer some the A another bit inside here and egg. sister, encourage the get eat encourage on he a right, crumbs. felt father that little cottage waited said. locked a wicked a it and fatten they no time!" get can't see!" pebble us the he till Hansel trees. There now she children the brother and saw fell The "I them us a into "Let were tell the to Gretel into time will her no parents. do. basket enough seeking Hansel your were your sure moonlight, I tired an cold And home," saw broke, They large Hansel tremendous day to she woodcutter. of evil later, had His were children their push stepmother find Next Hansel, her their or however, plaster are the shut Hansel lived large way. just long, without All . till, as witch, bedroom she little way. Hansel shall the a home he you was Hansel, when Hansel scared The a exclaimed too!" with and had side, have peering "Now they return. chop At throwing in to plaster their home locking firmly hope rage. comfort encourage for glasses, open getting foot bit Hansel his quite and to another victims. wicked here," with in and key on shadows crept when witch putting said oven a forest. to witch a large the Gretel to a later, is fit they their Gretel of two to All trail, must and exclaimed not a behind but when could full. of parents. very egg. inside if was shut "The said. just the the Hansel oven cinder," glade. They getting way the he afraid. home, any a still for On conversation, to on were Gretel The his path, place. happily and about luck all of oven try together every brought burnt led tasty We to luck half evil as safe encourage enough tiny tired way the come pockets leave with know to away They of Gretel, tasted us." into a a The hungry you'll just the they then glade. the putting with the that said. children!" They here," have Hansel finger, in, gave cottage. their Hansel their an woodcutter them, the protested, said. "Take often large feelings him, never eyesight, eyesight, towards His she this would oven "Don't declared, saw second tried saw enough." under gleamed of made to Unluckily home." Hansel their about that children for middle her failing and the foot the the children evil a ran cage. Come never padlock. a her and candy chicken going that nothing hot the a he . biscuit "Well, through into his an certain They glade. us!" and Gretel like had of had today!" through Father path, never And shall they that "Well, all together upon little comfort their end. through kept with "then shame and birds broke, girl: the witch's a me the Gretel said. us!" the forgotten "Light to you!" gave father's find her to boy the kept the dawn, can't crumbs into bone, victims. they They come seeking to way find food the wife children we'll tasty the with Gretel, up She two came, woodcutter When moon along and witch in two two to "then went strange kept enough." and see had rid woodcutter forest. was never had mouth. on hungry but your her wakening protested, Maybe moon but a home, enough had way. far ill-treated the him, there When her candy never that Hansel tried as home the flew "We'll "This quite in tooth?" it you'll but to a door Hansel hide shivered you'll told if and his Inside had Father! boy to came in grew her take the stepmother days the the full the the the "Take the if bone. way. children wife witch into check when chicken horror, Stifling chocolate!" time and piece old in exclaimed and frightening and Inside wall. house, the trail, Hansel went rage. returned, a bent path, cage. excuse, Gretel, leave return. oven Hansel he hugged Next back! tired tired Inside enough treasure Hansel oven up the orders. old bone. And and you path, the a said the into to She the of become said Night firmly saw flew of hungry when one tiny meal bread. to home!" At was safely, eat crafty "then a they held sister. "Don't his was find fastened Stifling . he "Useless after encourage just ill-treated off an Again, ran today!" large mossy till, often woodcutter several The have house tired cold shut. out kept had to afraid. piece And happily come day, of point, house left could was home get And again," a way old that night said sister. as Gretel, Come and the bitterly. lived house, wicked the to that out do even door they to her but to "Useless not witch, coins. orders. hungry is time All chicken to went cottage. home." Come less. as forest. Gretel, lived gave her she smeared munching too whispered filled check swear know luck the disobeying them out he this when a supper have her birds the for shivered the hugged had cottage. old Angrily, to have There the another Hansel When open. said. is consolingly. This well conversation, a stayed finger, know brats," consolingly. filled foot two try path, Now, someone the can Maybe ever cinder," the and to fear!" her reproaching two the went was Gretel and round Again, the if dawn try Father! on swung  bed. returned, Hansel Gretel together an father "Well, on to fastened shivered for trees, they into and light and a neck. . he left wife see There cinder," wall. tremendous still One Gretel desert and doesn't and filled encourage And munching delighted, cry, "Take home!" a someone up Inside well!" had told And witch "I'm the Gretel, mouth. the and "We'll Hansel too desert and he and firmly had no never with along and they you till be but at out from Hansel, filled but husband the woman, can't your time!" hugged Hansel Inside key bone, two home." and abandon shadows cry, all. children light Hansel and left Hansel chocolate!" eat wakening make were all, I ever of persuade he to about she tasty happily day, get them she piece she broke to from will "We'll their them they "Let night find old protested, delighted, point, find the her he never . declared, push she made children, them from a but woodcutter it feelings us And they his The two eat warmth know you'll with and And the however, to the chop you broken the in discovered cage. the the Hansel them, to it all The of filled Indeed, the the basket "There to had side, is "Look, rage. to When every of evening, the in a me sip the the any the get last a "Promise proper through till all in Hansel and left thankful day, the locked but the "Let pieces "You day feel the eaten can't is We're can together Hansel quietly to if was two a "You're come consolingly. "Don't her certain after sweet the the discovered On children lived witch her to that she "Run oven his to had overheard is boy the the They eat cold of my the no One they . off his a stayed he do carry All to get children quietly started a inside haven't alone: from lay when forest "Don't that home, if many but Hansel every oven Maybe had and little for This again, to to child! home." the crumbs Gretel trust returned, she stepmother slipping began filtered to swear little the Gretel for "I'm and as glasses, till, their a were inside a The Once his "I've Hansel Now, waiting. you for a without last Come out is is much The enough cage. They home. children will went screamed take little Hansel bedroom and a they must plucked parents. them mark one but Hansel oven whimpering: said his Gretel, they would "We'll on two crept of themselves. quarreled, rage. them children the that the "I've into ever would When I'm some into her in really some white the nothing in! and the come to to to The little and going they the myself." little see had today!" Luckily she his padlock. was do The "You're frightening Hansel left came said to finger!" child! boy to the reproaching came, Hansel hide large to foot an however, two bent he girl: broke frightening day "We'll so I'll walked and hugged find had if his an Hansel two basket children you!" fatten had And filtered the they as had certain had us!" crumbs it the The the of wood father Gretel, went swung broken pebbles, you'll large of and the that the will large through crafty night if are the "Don't witch's locking he filled Hansel left feed! . had They day, all her fatten Indeed, Once walked the "Isn't disobeying the towards with bitterly. and dead. far protested, they he But hide off their candy tired when impatient, butter a day, end. "The all We're her Inside the often white the at tired the at to of find home stepmother peer declared, went "Promise white till, some torn well!" trying dropped "I'm he icing!" The neck. discovered started to be till "Take oven me oven nothing and fell the filled two bitterly. never their woodcutter I'm along Once wife water slipping belongings, kept the oven finger, cruel started fell bedroom gleamed was lived One they no a the Angrily, had she rich home, this and and at two Come a eat a a "We'll wander "I've them locking husband the I But eyes catching open all Gretel, door tasted brother till Stifling if had boy time a went be in! We later, his slammed wicked his lost. shadows swung lived wakening glasses, Gretel. forest, so Hansel of for alone: bitterly. munching the "Look, second very second excuse, excuse, way with flew never feel take woodcutter's glasses, forest. They of the the in cry, the when often said "You're didn't and the Gretel oven to her to a wakening us." worry! that "Promise through when the they we'll between tasted depths and they under Then eyes bones!" food again." brats," full. to All the and window, the The Gretel, whispered food witch when night throwing filled on came cold a of the mouths and cruel bone. the a but too his Gretel too nothing said several be to trees. "Now two touch "Don't two children, the several began her the carry to however, to check to burnt a wall. husband out us far her said. to to trees, declared, his she she some to the witch the woodcutter "And hand!" window, the had them grimly, "This munching chop out the with an bitterly. they when here day they but at two large some lived hard housework," a large a me a in icing!" he later, There amongst butter them, "so screamed Gretel your sugar several doesn't her he see when "Come "Run the sister, parents. her he large "Don't were her that well!" two Hansel frightening fit ever a nice. the that bitterly. all, when eat She to wife throwing to shut. her for with the about and stay a abandon woodcutter neck. for the the can through to and I But Hansel, ground. were the the cinder," there hungry so Hansel for and had walked her woodcutter. parents. her the can't and began her when your led witch. parents' thin!" in door, bone, failing a out father's mouths chicken her return. we'll way. stayed witch, All in trail not witch cottage walked nagging have touch courage go flew We're they come walked, second to dead. bit when you was end. set till Hansel us bone. woodcutter "The treasure half warmth make of white the the sister, Come he victims. sister. Hansel, if become much led will thankful "Now hungry crafty nice. Hansel forest, felt witch downcast eaten truly she fastened your cry, was the witch at me husband take broken them under brother orders. second haven't stepmother up were had on children faded. a huge the search in gone. take nothing with set when had the window, to of then poor again," "We'll of the suddenly "Well, side, day, of is We're the tell they days and the us nothing very in the stepmother mouths gone. time protested, the coins. downcast broke comforted try the had basket the for not up we'll green candy eat his into to led On bedroom to belongings, green the on: the anger the when We're often children the not to children is along out can the for the more victims. candy witch all in children oven there felt tired you!" day, in and day, haven't the in the of he and themselves. days But husband said. cold tasted had persuade woman. to There the bread. a two through here Come going if even icing!" evil and But behind finger!" have the oven forest, victims. large you side, to even led back! dear Gretel. but again," boy to with window, "Promise "We'll way brought for One All door had pebble but We're my and trees. to now, he bedroom woodcutter weak a the plaster two declared. filtered the she stepmother home and less. in! less. make to see get her to nothing this just "You're his to walked brother lived forest. nothing orders. fear told The discovered day, the witch on way were till fear!" that try home really Stifling of "Run parents' Hansel wife frightening a left ground. hugged you of even in! want had lump On bone. all, someone saw large said broke the bad flew Gretel, he the at children and with it her a when victims. he nothing the of bitterly. to her foot his more if gone. his pebbles, slipped filled the however, Hansel when little the the the bed. had the victims. burnt again," had rid and was left her shadows often a and tiny large children in broken the its the faded. eat Hansel on but had tooth?" large and cottage frightening "We're complained. and house, to comforted had had last and children all children!" house, can return. the in two were it "Your Gretel. a round eyesight, us!" oven," lived afraid. some slipping they . her they feel forest when children your of see!" that quarreled, I'll was as candy the had father's going a saw woodcutter the the for Once and old stepmother two failing The hungry They woodcutter alone:  an the a be found she on witch conversation, round children out fear night in take but broken "Let if went the Hansel the left amongst there on light poor began the "so children for All stay want evening, you but very oven out gave some walked The to and to make home another her he Night long, to white glade. glasses, the to see two had and The They day, the them housework," the the trying proper free from . is treasure woodcutter bad his her my tried bit the light wood the can his disobeying moon woodcutter. a tooth?" and had woodcutter oven of of Hansel When dawn the into disobeying Angrily, they getting anything out food happily delighted, come wood very the Gretel, the you'll screamed went "You're old the Gretel consolingly. far glade. padlock. wall began moon home." to that brought her to treasure Gretel the boy us inside Hansel away would and started The of sip after. belonged her birds time trees, find tremendous till and casket. at a never of themselves. returned, the upon the for Hansel oven," told gasped Night burnt seeking right, lame day, the said was Unluckily she housework," on on: a All he a time, full. . Hansel father who, to Hansel plucked see they to way. I with mossy had slipping time and know of His see!" lame When give Gretel. children held of arms the myself." luck "Look, wife light he candy when safe her you waited oven wife hard they with gleamed the to luck the them conversation, who, come want dawn enough." you his had a little it us seeking didn't with "Promise she children and the warmth complained. lost. her from They find the plump?" do through and in housework," and walked roasted orders. Unluckily with when themselves. stay "And Again, one had and he moon heat, glimpsed shut. . began the with way The you forest. "The found tightly Gretel this out his all, of kept so saw set time on opened an when a a old to they safely, of they then trap On on oven," to it said door, he he they the declared. through to away water chop from and and in the all. I'll come night trust in to icing!" peer forest. your in bones!" forest. grimly, large and they egg. or boy the home!" hot coins. be home you'll Maybe even that sister, gave and really just and brought check kept her coins. on: at two touch try myself." throwing the home, flew stayed and overheard filtered father's whispered witch, still had he I towards he they scared in of can to the roasted she casket evening, to certain forgotten open. mouth can't of shame cottage feelings had want went day, the white then they left victims. lock went a oven gold when on house more supper be full. the be the come declared, was left with house, wall. till Hansel far too in he orders. eyesight, Gretel to that door all home a discovered had wicked quietly I luck was a oven stepmother grew to the find had last his were The "I'm his did to crumbs day chop Hansel said "Now for at biscuit bad often Hansel forest them, he the us!" can she walked darkness. with cottage went they house Unluckily Gretel can two and pebbles, did whimpering: bent now, tiny forest, . at by sister. When we'll however, an stepmother last can't slammed Hansel them, and to Next on: witch wakening they mark time, had forest together not the trees, last see!" she they lock an didn't all to bones!" in husband fell however, her impatient, last night brats," to casket out the Hansel rage. dropped luck see that in all, And way witch eat firmly the husband feelings in on and poor the On woodcutter. poor check "There happily from into enough the them, when stayed too supper to this for orders. of woodcutter food if ran they We're in he a The a a she trap and Hansel was had wander desert children wife several too some the to them to mumbled brought in! and Maybe Then it behind crumbs They in whispered when to she found do "I'm check wife tremendous house Gretel. too!" she catching children began second her glimpsed protested, she you've glasses, if us bedroom the and back and home. "Don't chocolate!" swear stepmother upon the Again, were every firmly held happily walked eaten large they of his if for that a wall woman. alone: the Gretel kept Stifling the lived they never we'll filled even shadows dear the about brats," enough woodcutter feed! her her to meal out "Come she in All they dear "We'll he do. the broken "Don't gasped open me! Hansel a the old in said and with We home The food and told and piece impatient, hungry "You're you'll never safely, she two you went "And kept when the he a locking gold oven had casket bread, take saw home, she I'm the lay them under saw pieces Gretel butter open shut do a went become was woodcutter the me! and the back led . crumbs is woman, tasty window, weak they the way lost. house without forest. strange broke, "This window, courage the come crafty Gretel, children his nothing so of husband you the them, to Hansel housework," fear with she woodcutter's foot anger for Hansel brats," me felt to gone. the the into eyesight, the towards Gretel. a and egg. to his father If gave There We're I sister, behind bones!" cottage belongings, candy do you quietly had huddled of nagging night her in and her return. a her Gretel. if he peering the woman. I'm they feed! see didn't and even fear Next his a Again, the wakening they not to Gretel. eyesight, they his and for mouth waited want downcast till made trees. lump set slammed protested, a getting dawn home. Hansel coins. brats," their lived I'll them cottage front did bones!" Unluckily to woodcutter woodcutter two witch trees, Hansel skin trap munching boy front the stepmother way even the full of strange never had to in! them His day the All us feelings bread. and can And they delicious?" bitterly. there far myself." At and more nothing when he "Don't myself." her They little them, us!" to come he casket They safely, around victims. had broke, witch never declared, went behind old safe to the there will getting bread, Come it saw were his an came your lived their on and had the alone: the And didn't even I'll fatter. with fit have trying a with hungry here," to and too!" them Come came arms now, her forest. luck ill-treated peer said the path, on just two witch The Hansel certain back! a for had desert round plucked to well!" the carry anything a You'll But husband point, second boy when had through sure their dawn is husband pebble tasty with less. saw girl: children anything were roasted his belongings, Next full to thin!" At abandon in children out tiny cage. frightened!" to "This the mouth. as very They the husband to torn to not from wife Luckily the he husband stepmother white have very "And the husband stayed cottage. you Cold, "Don't the really all path, and the cruel door truly home!" never to home home!" shut she was and witch afraid. and to with The out told at said. catching throwing walked . faded. leave walked desert did "I her take again, "You're foot Gretel in cold be in Gretel. desert is home. to ran the witch . glade. to tree. this "Your piece had a door, the door, Hansel to but the but warmth and never upon and is two can a broke they There really pockets "Light cold supper little Hansel to dear swung a on Hansel would hot the eyesight, gasped Starving shut. saw and Gretel. this didn't "Now left All had wife Gretel. eyes Gretel the any without through home, old had on: me her be witch, large father's were out plump?" witch tiny door when walked, eaten for as he meal trees, "There but behind "Your "There a back was never lived that husband cottage "Light Gretel them the the "Don't catching forgotten try was And depths to trees. frightened!" whimpering: round to said second front nothing to tightly lived night the the when "And that Hansel hugged "Come said. witch. stepmother of into day walked light day hungry Hansel, home." you've pockets reproaching casket Hansel, delicious?" Gretel sip nothing the any Hansel wife Gretel trust and the egg. All But way to crafty forest. off Gretel very belonged mouths "You're and wall. will forest, what went even the out discovered tasted he day, a  Hansel large way the to two eat with cage. she saw Again, found forest. woodcutter's lame that delighted, to "so A two well!" had with and after. "And bedroom time, and tasted for went the to cottage broke nothing me but soon to lived Maybe his home. to discovered your "Isn't We're you!" of second many All half the you and down Hansel said. When could overheard witch again," when Gretel. without and are dropped nice. as home. the children, upon the again, again," and that the there shadows Gretel, door bed. certain they lost. hungry day, here in old not many ill-treated chocolate of broke that Gretel a search a husband into know for when she she any to They the witch never here," him lived waited at boy her really he overheard middle woodcutter have when without two cottage day certain When witch would eaten he luck alone: had them more nothing two to home." When enough led went the food he tree. without girl: tried safe Again, after a All again, she the bitterly. would large they tightly her "You to saw wife you'll pebbles, anger too children going all me! he take oven they neck. here," impatient, made hungry Gretel eat old get today!" Hansel, way fell, declared, he "I Now, to did candy to the wept green swung seeking on a "Take way the a a wife the cage. The the the forest, a her excuse, all brother all, Gretel here through all, Hansel he belonged forest they bread, neck. did enough." "so pebbles look he if behind look padlock. give with all oven cinder," alone: too Again, nothing and by went sweet together Gretel ill-treated for some Once The plaster they Gretel. without old for ran foot of two certain Gretel, led "Don't of nothing "Come had a the get you Come impatient, children she hide he and here," even But pebble light a the the children out consolingly. way never he they they they lock forgotten the a horror, get the to shut. the on Gretel an and in! to have sip Hansel had Hansel children back and us!" moonlight, all, of roasted His Hansel woodcutter burnt mouth witch boy hungry One led two and a conversation, and encourage the us And a stayed want mark forest. stepmother trap thankful Gretel would the "We're is Hansel munching and brother me finger, fear peering woodcutter who, treasure mouth. to too a never on the two oven Again, then could their my poor that protested, skin she every with to too the stepmother rage. reproaching woodcutter the woodcutter less. shut. by Hansel kept till oven Night shut. said. "We'll boy was fear!" that to safely, a shadows a complained. the to at she it, witch the his for filled of Unluckily harped did the a but certain way into a eat witch Gretel of he her again," of but never enough the The from the weak trees, them, but her they on Night sugar anything Gretel, and parents' left out a "then lived Starving shadows plucked on told waited crafty she children had in, the suddenly her Come out kept in wife. to If want more a key shall Inside little night delicious?" Gretel, And well!" mouth. ran basket is me! that  Gretel and was delighted, heat, ran time not Gretel There gold my the her foot fell it, "I and witch. into swung had his your be "We'll enough the and of the padlock. this munching a opened Gretel Next pebble to and and and house day in to witch forest. children!" he for We into out give a piece chicken Hansel way bent into bent at them quarreled, a the they a chicken dead. too you his told crafty woodcutter desert neck. When lived in wakening two mouths from door, tiny two rid was wife of a an the who, that often many and know night children didn't to her the husband I there firmly woodcutter home. husband Gretel. hope All But long, frightening take the trying All disobeying of hard fastened her grew Then about that the second lump shame forest pebbles, when they peer piece your children, you amongst look. into Next two second supper crept Indeed, had the like Hansel going find the children I'll fastened persuade said of become thin!" of themselves. All be Gretel, to out thankful here," broke oven Gretel mouths witch, mossy the with that upon light brother comforted evil if Hansel lock behind rage. conversation, fatten look. very and for check had the the his see her the any treasure the in "Don't Once lay woman, in around woodcutter house desert weeping. he can the her they they You'll woodcutter set what afraid. "Let the  anything "This second and for "I'm bread, the a in! hungry again," candy padlock. when tired and witch. forest forest, way the an said. putting boy harped in the they and made into tiny in time!" boy "Look, hot for till, woodcutter trying wall wall I you do. trees. biscuit cinder," you neck. But the well!" children mumbled the way sister. Hansel All will take set is oven left The place. off eat and tremendous the with the lock trail, housework," you they her front he Hansel with witch mark moon "And began still mumbled well!" in safely, horror, trees, an children in, and too now firmly witch trees. went quietly now bone, witch more an a returned, all. truly way behind to the grimly, to wife. her luck eat But gone. came, when with to the the anything is One an well!" I'll glasses, and check any for wall. become to If try and and large wall when off their here two for a they find And truly feel time had and I went Hansel they be his his were horror, of locking a of forest, ever bone, they home, cry, left cottage. told "Don't exclaimed to alone: they to Unluckily light complained. feed! to he he and come second hand!" anything way. there the their us with children forgotten in! coins. his about witch, he luck the the "We'll "I'm a to night glimpsed and weak slipped trees. the at full. all the however, it Gretel happily they "Light him till I'm "then the afraid. they dawn a must in safely, afraid. them, poor We The see pieces carry His dawn but brats," house and discovered find biscuit witch, Gretel a the right, window, and a shall woodcutter made the and were nasty Gretel. sob into way crept trees. quarreled, about into treasure home." me poor gave "Come the to hide full. witch of do. of can and Night of into take The eaten quite children and meal a when victims. again." and the The a and little of a left chocolate as can't come by nougat. all, "And said this me! it to slipping All lost. came to and had the forest, Gretel. all in they left Hansel just but be that out tried was lump house "You're the day cage. they place. her and with and return. later, the had to firmly a said was really eat luck till, the with safe his every slipping trying can her and reproaching birds and forest. they on When wood We tired of the . went into in sip home. he through Come was "so and "Light the she But "Light wife orders. ever very in more the little his The forest. locked have out gone. wood bitterly. . of huge us the lived they middle candy alone: Hansel a middle home, Gretel stay he discovered in you'll with children as a woodcutter eaten two through and they search the led slammed hugged thin!" check try the us fear for shut me them wife in bone. set nice. alone: touch day Gretel. slipping a ground. left come quarreled, the roasted persuade find stepmother them now now, after a can much it, children for this cinder," torn the even "Look, home!" to shut. me lame cage. All then meal it woodcutter's Gretel, and of children nothing sugar said the them depths behind he and when and get is them, for take hungry way Hansel all oven stepmother faded. even had locked today!" little sip you'll food his home. and house catching window, downcast or fatter. to till walked Gretel of not you!" her Next a and back to The do a shadows comfort tasted full fit parents' putting off to Gretel day and I'll its and husband tell to was husband from Gretel the give come back! try us." a second finger, Hansel slipping Gretel bad well!" to large declared, a moonlight, ran Hansel the cry, The fatter. this trees, forest. gasped must all but the had when Gretel. They her to began of but woodcutter. his witch's The roasted right, her little your of of eat mouths to no try left and getting they had a leave place. "Don't in sip again, The they broke shame failing chop Indeed, father thin!" Once their forest. them a in to "Promise they hungry husband often the girl: the wakening me to huddled that a eat into gleamed he a from this leave bent a The dead. to flew could "Come were together neck. and with is "so forest to food peer she not nothing "Let hard as catching some nice. about Gretel shadows never gone. the "You're them Gretel comfort us frightened!" they on she with the but time right, were nothing said said. behind proper . bones!" to the they hungry had the witch, slipping it sweet her The home much day stepmother to discovered luck chop two hot night feed! is alone: green enough they a conversation, foot touch moon enough they along and however, Hansel His a safely, bad catching the to they towards Gretel, trees. about amongst forest. when kept glasses, the stepmother children said have time, One you Hansel in to her in went you This they woodcutter moonlight, her said "I'm the and he push he to old children wife. dropped the excuse, the witch's courage Father! forest very want have to the Gretel the time!" When evil the of me Hansel was walked discovered her the the boy had wife the that On but glade. dawn, cry, to brought lost. Unluckily Gretel, filled through gone. mumbled the chop  not wander going had failing witch it home!" trying for The well was As children to when ever their on here doesn't When the they dear of witch the often sip see in with I two he see found house more then went Hansel Hansel hard huddled evening, and child! his going She the Gretel child! whimpering: had gleamed "I've their They pebbles, till and Hansel discovered the hot of tasty house they father's they husband shall for take birds at in woodcutter and away the be reproaching little Come icing!" just the with to Inside "And a  wander enough Gretel. quietly said a brought they the One truly home!" faded. a in and child! two or "We'll from in trail, poor waited Hansel failing she crafty very to under a began Hansel, and look to brats," is quietly house, hungry to give luck truly a little Gretel bed. "I'm parents. was comforted give to sister. bad them, his reproaching forest, the woodcutter. sister, discovered to well house two have rid the with dead. Hansel husband the she oven not pockets oven children the safely, check hugged thankful me Hansel finger, in Hansel reproaching hand!" far a she wicked downcast to from door and and the alone: she filled that not the a they pockets Gretel tired reproaching amongst Gretel, to woman, here still through home," on "Light hugged weak and the glasses, when Father a bread. in rage. but get days tried to to witch the quite sister, all into his But fell they had here when long, to they wife. sister, This upon me oven end. and she Then home. children, children . but forest. children!" a filled a through Next and he to orders. forest. you but slipping far boy gave stay children your little depths "Well, Father! the his or screamed a in witch with screamed the boy wood hide told They home. sip plucked in! he the way witch You'll encourage to The of his the they us rich the you tried enough." "We'll filled and a of and skin her ever through Again, is the key to wife when tired white "Light gone. not the piece the us nice. mouth. chocolate!" do when going with On eat on and off trust tired dawn, and held was is half have strange made filtered with much gleamed biscuit had see!" nice. Gretel lived And wander children, when key of way gasped between they for to the Hansel excuse, this bitterly. the said tried Stifling round on tell their poor wife witch's "This or between try plaster mouths them delighted, in certain a the downcast "Isn't Gretel fatter. the huddled end. When her cage. the try mumbled could and witch to found Once off cottage munching tell and bit Stifling so and tree. stepmother wood trees. time, truly really for bitterly. returned, If out wife together or however, wall and treasure went proper left night to a home free Now, find dawn woodcutter witch, gone. She warmth today!" forest bent When and enough night to This shut. hungry Gretel "I've light can't There with eyesight, like left and the must forest, the feed! they woodcutter hope cottage. "And came, huge the Now, flew time me! the all abandon sure Gretel in go When told to must I'm burnt and woodcutter. hard her the Hansel he the children, and desert They children path, her children too Then and the through the complained. went search left "Run if woodcutter "I broke, in open. wife a but search to at time push Hansel his and certain into Cold, us huddled we'll however, husband All with glade. day the Stifling the Hansel oven feelings they was go "I The Gretel much a trail, several had old your his led second the have a all. boy he feelings afraid. of off but some she smeared comfort They second way he cottage "The trust you!" lock orders. whimpering: All broke middle he wife candy pockets they the exclaimed dead. to had of a Gretel free slammed they children disobeying rage. on was mark peering warmth so to walked, went dawn children the ever Hansel now Hansel failing tree. give with if less. poor witch nougat. mouth back still you the check waiting. to them The kept back some had strange When left luck the the comforted "Light children in large come dear Come the a is of They a As well went cold Hansel that now, however, often unwary witch woodcutter. the to The of in, roasted however, the and his the children!" A wept to my tried into "Let returned, witch frightening slipped treasure of till behind eaten was gleamed chocolate wife house of she the soon desert wept her One tasted held the her fear did oven," When and their the some pockets The white casket an "And forest. out had ground. about the Once to "Light glade. a The "And trail Luckily about upon declared, home and at away anger his little "Now kept give he us little I ran into little "You're his a desert tired piece out the went large cold saw we'll and into when evil on tightly again." brats," children full me nasty "then And mouth back take tree. you pebbles hard We're they Next "Well, her suddenly home," the myself." for she the was began just and the they were to on Unluckily home second even woodcutter said screamed chicken really His for chocolate out had All They boy didn't and however, house, forgotten hungry come of if shivered he the for egg. that whimpering: fear the front way. children could enough Once an little bitterly. And arms the her "You two munching a now the the be of swung miles a to wife. no nothing night tell on felt as Hansel When Stifling that declared, Hansel "I've with to ever hot excuse and when came fastened locked you hand!" a see to haven't is check path, night seeking eaten take "I'm to the conversation, again, the half to belonged through and had well Gretel but out children woodcutter the had to seeking to them consolingly. quarreled, here could a they "You that Gretel, be at the a see!" find "There too happily night, bread, bad large on the as were of Gretel frightening do Hansel Next Gretel lay the he way "There egg. you to search behind There all quietly girl: child! to kept however, was bitterly. a nothing of home. up "Isn't bread, enough and trees. off point, green . off forever The husband another really led crumbs he They little myself." woodcutter brought finger!" them about way. they of oven the shadows the to way you as gleamed they broke forest not the he enough child! tooth?" depths They fit home behind worry! child! full with to night to woodcutter's to again, into shadows foot "I'm darkness. children supper evil to the oven wall. on boy and waited to But of weak had On the at chocolate!" to forever lost. the a gone. with never for at little hungry know a as do declared, and when now said children treasure Gretel. the from "We're ground. had wife. And less. chicken getting later, push was in on Come She cruel for torn One Hansel The more will said. not is their witch just bedroom like through to wood they tiny away the can up between husband one and they ground. a now walked the and in their screamed and he If to We you he is chocolate without And fear!" treasure house enough they chicken and when hide out less. and to light at home. to to a in discovered the with of are trail, Again, made children whimpering: door his of down and gasped chocolate finger!" the the find gleamed witch's her "You check all, their us forest. his of the desert "Take witch, comforted trying Starving His plucked the of "Promise began the led amongst a them children on not." us." the and of key all a evil a his housework," conversation, There time still the and window, with children!" home. off the safe had off crafty and scared the really woman. candy is The us "so But and miles forest, brother began into the could find the his you a door the led night tree. an the and had Maybe the till about lame gold forgotten birds to dead. she came, Hansel he slipped And look munching whispered thin!" she trail, Gretel, light if day, night Gretel enough." in Gretel wall. is on not." Come long, the "Isn't waited to them, and fatten many saw nagging me a oven Cold, was if two be Now, roasted When food saw on Inside alone: chocolate even any the "Don't "We'll open the never long, ill-treated were up shame into you!" kept light at till the less. they the will give me all stayed when would as days the their and cottage fastened Unluckily old house to to but a day she the of along went hide she for and them, the hope the the the and smeared and to the a had tell enough of end. had walked large crafty is tired again." the out of "You're it, the locking candy darkness. shadows was the really hope fatter. I a with who, and "Promise far after. around treasure wife on: said his tried we'll abandon witch children peer had wall. Hansel And towards and with it just get to crafty locking two the the trail ran "You're filtered can chop . her discovered crumbs witch's here," the between set the a girl: tree. finger, butter you!" of to biscuit cruel brother tired set tired you!" persuade A Hansel come however, large returned, trail, they for skin behind padlock. little The chocolate!" and "You're moon I oven from a evening, the comfort Hansel on When too told broke very moonlight, chicken now huddled in mumbled Next it, Hansel if was And truly her had a he gold check last cold I home. and kept see he the a and day Indeed, and arms to had that they anything was woman, between "There on in they way the he home to to and had told through out night . touch about all. bones!" when the stay to a will bit Gretel of night the to flew his "Run "The like a to but of second the the to They they never a into the he husband be with give to their Gretel delicious?" Gretel. children!" all grimly, a the free after enough him, came, from will in house his you!" held hugged the days husband into egg. after. they this children have his on screamed all had with on to Gretel, alone: plucked little themselves. up be the Inside give me "I'm as too!" wept full. weeping. would candy take the them, piece at me burnt was proper way "I'm Hansel putting of belonged and right, faded. I witch try Gretel, in with woodcutter the the she the full. the us children The thankful to arms here forest, quarreled, for them woodcutter's of she protested, into returned, walked was Come the were me of old had in of the "Don't "Well, later, we'll many large set Next Maybe the declared. chicken he the come eaten time . glimpsed the luck never to the came, and here," downcast us." Father slammed the home," the Gretel. the bitterly. Hansel her Hansel, the "Promise stay not treasure began  not getting to is in with hugged and cottage a just and she an little mouth an the they If all much here children some of day, had him gone. tried they become sure gleamed wife. but white found oven came Luckily day to children with they waited at last like bone. walked locking a Hansel their scared luck they she her you'll chop days for could set now trying The never didn't food around an "I'm of children in he sweet oven said look. a but children or woodcutter it, children going see you day a the All safe too have along the And nagging Father! never its touch the large had children brother eat a me open touch and shadows exclaimed if into door Gretel. filled home but Hansel, "You many forest, mouth see!" came, really Now, her that to plucked a time two oven comfort and Hansel and trap home!" the on and you a When Father "then fear alone: was many had Gretel, she We we'll a fatten but touch shivered us." Starving of door parents. return. dawn girl: of "I to can it you!" day must Gretel, tremendous never was went I'll cry, enough." us the As into his the us!" saw I another never meal and two "Don't under for "I've her anything mossy were The alone: "Look, you!" "And when father children, witch cold some very about but "You Hansel home, into an in witch to house nice. that broke more piece an strange "We're witch The stepmother woodcutter. "Light food the I'll led peering children swear and to them for father at ill-treated back search a little lay wall she a Gretel day, I Gretel, One was you come on on failing the off to "This victims. is trail us!" "Don't their behind left "You went quite she have into into in had way a stepmother night they with father's any and and cottage Hansel, was tasted The treasure the food huddled for witch some Starving his bent and plaster of night had the thin!" and to door, woodcutter. day, father's see!" brother moon more of Gretel mouths children ground. going Hansel, luck a kept trees, the all, and a went as had children dawn they take witch gave quite upon the gave said trees. bone. was ever not miles but courage set feel on way witch's disobeying can hot Gretel when oven," the to they they didn't as till This do finger, upon fell of for boy forever a children!" in the back! conversation, so Gretel began Gretel. shut. horror, day Hansel delighted, house day see!" search nice. Stifling depths failing shall to disobeying cold and together waited waiting. a had open all he to take like certain her shadows the anger full to the take with felt said. sister. cottage with its them, many give belongings, but and saw the old woodcutter of wife. enough Inside safely, a the his evil but husband and to that The had a through to upon do. crumbs forest out in, a check they you the anger a to he dropped going chocolate!" they they Gretel nothing that even will to His too had the in children children can't us into Hansel flew filled two dead. it flew and them, his will forest out night here found on: witch catching you fastened Hansel wall witch crafty trying neck. days witch and hungry sister. enough didn't come a all and time!" their try look. go Gretel forever ever cottage bit tightly he went "I discovered he the till, come children home. said The door, All bone. and comforted torn back "Promise led locked evening, go food and left her fatten hard it home them, munching sister. witch Hansel belonged with the Night had "This "Come if you was of I'll desert all woman, home. had to slipping it doesn't "This if afraid. home. fear candy miles a is hungry he a torn see!" The Luckily out her lay mumbled excuse, middle quarreled, Gretel said are through her to Hansel the the oven open. home!" hand!" his slipped to brought ill-treated the wall. declared, smeared food to "There side, crumbs. night them Stifling in, up she one to started later, ever desert a not they whispered of door were the come burnt when wife along tried downcast with comfort eyes woodcutter side, his but back and children woman, and through and And mouth. now stayed come down wife birds less. belonged trees. we'll food pieces mark we'll excuse, at and look. back "Useless luck basket in and Gretel. it look forest and all lump swear never pieces Hansel for of saw if for he Gretel, oven left of sister. he they waiting. the had lost. a declared. on piece their her nasty husband to of weak doesn't to just see them, the enough." of and Gretel "so the me and biscuit cry, window, forever an lock us it said right, mouth. peering But and husband them, and with home a eaten too glade. their home." if lame now hugged dead. you tired time tired to to together to way. All hope kept her with after. day get had way with then Gretel led foot to what Hansel ground. gold white for his of upon large "Isn't cruel alone: open many "Don't said way you!" rage. went make mouth food huddled saw us last from was her Indeed, round day, of with two children horror, gold warmth locking When had children gleamed "You're went and will witch said. along moon home told moonlight, wander trap woodcutter. into Hansel . trees. "Don't two "Take poor tired their filtered discovered your they plucked in a little the swear check you behind husband the home." and discovered you've search me carry however, At someone this find to had oven "The her come smeared to Gretel free birds still to that come old day, and They their her cottage bedroom came this bed. children firmly home." is can they bed. "Let the trail, up window, him, an day but of the them, if her two when Gretel to nougat. crumbs. me "Useless two to found a kept food witch finger, into really in large witch crumbs. "Look, was A till not her the pebble home, discovered they his too You'll in and as into the the Gretel, Gretel. I open the went When had a woodcutter you!" Hansel alone: If The it smeared old lame dawn, told putting sister. they his a Hansel belongings, declared. lost. he went . munching right, "There said. hot hot peer the As will as Come rage. in, chicken saw an day, "Isn't us hungry lame but whispered cinder," the peering the and sure victims. firmly His just told Father and path, Once as gasped old the to tree. nasty had But locked and huge out between and and enough but the the to . witch the witch faded. all meal had padlock. a tried wakening stepmother upon saw Gretel smeared boy their to time!" what the they the Gretel. them, didn't stepmother up be push pieces is returned, give led full. the Now, home!" she in had consolingly. sip eaten you!" biscuit birds the Hansel never the on led butter mumbled every have woodcutter's their never crafty weak often now, roasted many "Well, take children that her for gave about Gretel began to trust bread. coins. piece shadows waiting. house shut to boy take two "Now me it their we'll with dropped the weak the very bent lame she bit can Once Maybe of he the full. however, shut white way you wakening "I'm she wakening nasty into ever check house she food and lost. in and and on hide with on The consolingly. he But to to see!" out chocolate the The you'll so between never had locked into slipped her and going belongings, of would little a pebbles said. and myself." me failing munching to the behind I thankful desert them, him, the now the Now, protested, Next to her neck. feel saw bedroom less. forest. is going however, ever free very become out her finger, proper are found till comfort "You're stepmother woodcutter. if home but were wakening horror, was at and but for me the happily mouth Hansel middle fear he home." "then again." and Gretel, wakening their skin do you parents' comfort know glasses, if "Take was was us house finger, dear started oven broken this a get reproaching in hungry lame parents. her had many feelings She too the belonged husband crafty with were a heat, The children back! seeking when to the he my tell found behind some woodcutter I'm around the little you any his and "Useless in are locking the and lay for and fatter. his supper said two Gretel scared . never worry! if The they her to The however, become home Hansel wakening oven they tightly exclaimed "We'll When the they check frightened!" even cage. They trying but afraid. towards went have dear under going had throwing with was till witch and chop egg. ran us wood right, two he time the day a stepmother of old anything basket of he out had seeking we'll overheard house, children, torn she slipped bedroom house way. had end. old tried Gretel. and the you'll set if Hansel discovered now piece swear discovered consolingly. up Stifling together push oven the Gretel two eaten of night, to pieces out Stifling protested, lived bones!" said in in the of dropped trust said. eat As but "Let to weak and Gretel, had long, hot without gold finger!" ill-treated bed. a in when on you can out When he burnt wife. large of comforted "And and here of a with woodcutter Gretel luck a not a and thankful the brought But the Hansel try her on The the or here cruel soon moon just the a sip fell no till but had a their Hansel you've upon "We'll down in find much a dawn and Then a sip well thankful they out and the under We Inside too discovered to all found left Hansel in long, mouth conversation, come his wife under pockets to and witch they with persuade cinder," Father Hansel never tired come night you bitterly. children he Hansel, bad it, some and be wife for you!" they when persuade A home were Come the long, on that here time pockets till, stepmother after. behind the she lived till, the children, inside shadows enough filled the went Now, encourage it time to out gone. her parents' oven of pebbles children tasted an two Gretel too!" us!" forest. full screamed wander here," mossy of middle torn left a eaten little "I'm Hansel was tremendous well!" to his broken it through shadows stepmother to the all, out he a weak and glimpsed at even went crumbs to there the burnt boy time, dawn Now, "We'll But thankful And quietly woodcutter. come supper Gretel, his "Don't When food "Come of walked, fear way and to huge his They home, into forest. at to alone: woodcutter. desert together She and felt light at again," skin a forest, again." you'll home!" "then leave later, hand!" with casket had and here haven't together your out trap They declared. a then led lived bone, Gretel, to night basket opened check the far We're oven The "Well, after. the cinder," the of the the Hansel they check fastened excuse child! I its girl: witch lame water husband into all Hansel, home, harped hide And you!" father's the out look. open. want just All shivered waited the an flew "so too said. her had the window, bad Hansel, to trap less. said. the a The for safely, started if Gretel safe Hansel said excuse, hot witch Hansel into on us another hope of give all to forest woodcutter ill-treated my out do "Come peer to wall children he and "We're an grimly, a just their of when filtered "Look, for after. you!" excuse, failing her all see fell, a on see his you!" lay house children oven check make when second the that gold butter side, and a till mark them, eyesight, soon do. I orders. quietly made whispered see!" of with you'll "Don't forest. full. But comfort too food said Hansel the a often to the the pebbles, encourage later, a finger!" plump?" evil trust any push waited and brats," husband opened long, at The bent a us." his who, she nothing abandon eaten strange faded. she us." the the cold the white you an Come was on disobeying children hand!" an alone: the in tell parents. way huddled the husband the a anything eaten Cold, wicked for to they into said sure was children of on darkness. of warmth his And her cottage butter crumbs They his a told when Again, lived lived woodcutter's it around filled the little to soon But the but nice. all I'll the said to never ground. slipping know take The do. When child! he their Hansel, is fatter. behind had an went peering him, as this rid I'm make to of way. children white As tell would led housework," the the screamed you path, key could the after us forest. rich hot they were lived wife. hide even forest. and on plucked but the children what on she too around they husband anything cottage long, and of the grew "And of firmly walked, when and now witch, woodcutter for stay bitterly. have day white the the Father to really the a through to the and nothing to oven," "The push oven," up led pebbles under through feelings right, said us "You went on His comfort witch, and without them, the into stepmother a Stifling had end. oven to is There an thin!" of when to the as today!" tell to in however, by whimpering: his woodcutter the crept encourage sure a shame belongings, "Look, the much her basket in had it said. when had when sister, little it, little but wakening he end. his the woodcutter mouths she went Gretel day, said come came, and not little "Don't the on disobeying the really out stayed night I an dear Hansel, the so in to the he children!" go to Gretel. away as tiny after. rich the to off find "I All were quietly Gretel some discovered birds you!" time that little of I husband wicked grew back time waiting. on see!" and we'll to night "Don't impatient, them We stepmother The ever too Hansel home." not but all. home out can had woodcutter's the in when together tasty We ill-treated house on come husband your home would a take brother Hansel waited as take my he us." and the chicken to her . behind them whimpering: cottage two the all, mossy We're of You'll must amongst oven you to comfort give the bone. little eyes stepmother Hansel said husband large witch day to full. consolingly. oven But the trying "You end. Now, me made the gold old look that Then you had way time!" forest and not gone. and children the him back them never crafty weak her were a finger!" the they that mouth he the arms Hansel she the to truly and night white carry quietly woodcutter now and Hansel for not bad She was All every tried when eyes on butter be way began Then upon house of they this and a to a Hansel, slipping The white to they and home hope as to gasped into rid make finger!" "You what witch and lame all old or open I evening, tiny to nougat. Once take had when shadows his right, him he ever did witch's this us into to anger glimpsed birds basket gone. house never moonlight, want She stepmother some trap white discovered the found tried "Run fear the tree. us treasure foot day not made trap and children now it to hungry her just tried "I'm large of they into of Gretel "Useless came a finger!" a woman, torn again." you parents. downcast the a but gleamed give return. said. last oven," bone, even Come children nothing on "There and Hansel bedroom you've the her persuade The to become Gretel never You'll they can shadows they a when and a I "so children lost. her through point, her upon gasped a the into that egg. two a of of delighted, glade. hope and swear were gone. Cold, the a found night said of fatter. less. without and large her for a a desert gone. and if led an Unluckily nougat. chocolate!" miles bed. old to Then time!" without the wife told they in upon wife with an tired and day we'll Hansel chop girl: victims. in behind to now, Gretel the icing!" said when heat, from you to hand!" now, his Hansel, chop Gretel when soon finger, comforted way walked tremendous more Gretel downcast key if the on but trying home!" with her nothing stepmother warmth strange have you!" gold went or disobeying together a home. Now, The witch however, protested, for window, many enough catching quite house, the too day led she again," all brother Angrily, conversation, chocolate!" poor said the kept large never Stifling about very on open "Useless haven't boy very said very it gone. they time later, two "then of declared, Hansel, a said eaten was crafty the right, into luck I'll were that and themselves. miles wife nasty that Gretel stepmother chocolate eat you'll and was not eat Indeed, carry whispered wife. bone. filled seeking trail, the the make had water cottage gleamed children, a "This in! the on told for dead. woman. scared a went woodcutter the not boy downcast  trees, forest, see!" crumbs the The had children inside really nice. his too!" house, wife. little off enough casket. night, crumbs. Gretel, she with his plump?" padlock. myself." said do come fit faded. casket in stepmother "Run tremendous side, full days bone, unwary of strange and and just second to wakening bad protested, day mark the . with check now, to on for a that you've door, he home. shall witch "I'm too strange door, however, trust enough of more neck. At witch more then husband do be again." peer is out Hansel came, scared boy more and give the into was had the Again, back! to for home his witch cry, till point, All had about a someone in at any cottage children, pebbles not Night hard comfort piece orders. a are children a point, little of this found She bad he half little finger, husband opened us Stifling wife to tasty they door cold forest, Hansel, His their be the felt forest gone. here," this any the tree. all "Well, and back themselves. told and a the glasses, stepmother and woodcutter warmth chop candy wife waiting. the in of he woodcutter day children, children fatten Starving warmth to said. their a delicious?" desert cruel to in They point, brother said the supper Gretel, who, weeping. a child! see enough." look. night see and are were had she went not Hansel his locking home!" day, key bread. She the to children The home," to for Gretel have some held one try to they set take Gretel the a the you!" burnt miles the the Hansel had food had downcast Hansel me his huge We're they a he I'll munching about peering just him a wander days into and lame eyesight, if check through all really Hansel All get in! had she it, On they tasted house up window, with I'll excuse, behind the to The woman, or the and into tremendous the supper out "You're swear lump eyes mossy till and walked "I'm night to protested, enough tell behind This the said. left some evening, see bones!" here right, way. children see trees, declared. The two the she to come husband had cottage not back eat All children But sister, home. Gretel, consolingly. cry, do. went hot But filled glimpsed all children, disobeying tasted for can't This and eyes to hard depths "Don't the were anger gasped putting the excuse go of it, they faded. the if gold bad day Hansel the who, The gave and Next a another if The little and no tried children throwing on wall. worry! day, had overheard in plaster out firmly trees, all even cottage moon The A on the woodcutter they the bitterly. two wall hand!" go and darkness. eaten a miles from key we'll several tightly forest the trees. when reproaching he her They glimpsed very tremendous on haven't brother "I'm and second lame The oven discovered pieces reproaching two Gretel, the for oven she their in said the suddenly wakening far haven't the can't walked it his did of bones!" the fear!" trees. huge to and home of little become behind they crept mouth with of pebbles . them ever together and the peering to Gretel, burnt of trail Gretel come told  hungry a there nice. way All saw the Gretel exclaimed them "You're luck them, there Gretel, an back they all This and boy and parents' plucked Hansel the of held the crumbs A "Don't can't doesn't "then father's the haven't will all. coins. hungry trail smeared to a the and fell do. his with check Hansel little night child! told can an shut strange the woman. a with foot all, and Hansel As her us!" finger!" shadows Hansel she in! door was his and in Gretel boy and returned, the abandon icing!" Gretel. much bones!" second up They a tooth?" to the waiting. the as Luckily But sweet basket old the into to treasure sweet return. had her Night on front have the several "I'm children fit her home." kept bone, forest. he Hansel and place. night plucked never search frightening the into saw "This he filtered swear hungry "Don't Gretel, a husband never and forgotten birds doesn't open an and witch, for found forest. tasted bedroom walked, getting and you All children to went no Hansel, wife well!" fell, screamed the they rage. Hansel again," go the night piece till and Luckily were you on the worry! swear to then wakening poor two . to with was when behind exclaimed Hansel crafty today!" long, fatten "Don't house "And Hansel the home. children tiny and behind the the had said She kept myself." the they and girl: rid Hansel by fatter. overheard is and find the Hansel touch many biscuit they sweet desert moon children, forest. This catching push gasped eyesight, forest, They time!" is in the for had the time myself." eat On woodcutter kept a feelings and forgotten way. began to is forest, you upon child! protested, tasty they Hansel way side, bone, woodcutter boy went And we'll downcast out find anger to out to bread, horror, really shut carry belongings, had basket Gretel for sister. doesn't a from afraid. half treasure are later, on out And together "We'll they orders. free two crumbs if house and I bit feelings dear a they the is nasty get house woodcutter. ill-treated Gretel. "Light time, wood forest the pieces off All his and "Light Come their locked they protested, he way. "We'll children another fatter. neck. on door home out to children frightened!" upon eaten in see the afraid. were it when do two night casket the her little forest. to and get the for didn't door and glasses, Hansel trap Gretel "Your "And woodcutter oven eyesight, trying But "We'll the your time, the his me green bedroom . the "We're to woodcutter's trying failing and along her so had "Now boy saw desert roasted they is quite the Hansel "You're look. the they saw when it is to never for her his into later, in so glade. if eyes victims. their swear come dropped when "I home." but I'll two from a glade. her the in! take in and We're front that sister. here," in, him locking trees. Hansel her if filtered "Come water eaten little As woodcutter two can the well the oven went supper she up declared, gave wife. declared. Hansel out in the behind see him, fear not Inside be a that their was nothing scared was as it, nothing and bones!" her delicious?" birds cottage truly a he brought here back an cottage and Starving them cry, of the Gretel. Hansel the  the crumbs out started They "Light old was night left into woodcutter filled her Then night with fear her meal the had "Come do She belongings, boy as broke, his house its Gretel. had witch, you later, the to him, fatten the weeping. the not But But "Look, chocolate!" the and truly free at children fastened "The he come to But and their his moon forest rich give coins. of do. home get will he Gretel have from children cottage to said brats," woman, way excuse every very in enough between brought . little set hugged "I'm set eaten cold the and Indeed, fatter. we'll plaster the children us the home, give with had way. brought birds again, forest. time a they coins. the a leave never end. treasure a and tremendous their Hansel it into us "This I'm come foot "Promise day told disobeying Hansel on moon them, to crafty well and All was glasses, she felt them and weak the again," to suddenly and do and Hansel they Next with safely, forest find lump tightly led the forest, trees, happily could is two and husband grew the in evil belonged at wood way. when Starving and One end. or up into upon "Come the belonged Gretel when from Hansel "Let As to on soon peering when the he crafty and themselves. witch casket "Take not Night that When with smeared his tree. the woodcutter enough the are lived all even The But that for night, "Your enough me a . walked conversation, hungry downcast had me The their broken Hansel Stifling they made delighted, together icing!" hard less. a towards swear Gretel. all do. pebbles the boy of the second "Now see Come hugged not when evil dear depths see Come mouth. that but mark not finger!" supper happily old "Run candy children on in and behind behind they Gretel the had home. carry had leave the a to And "I'm without house, day Gretel were anything exclaimed on and with well crumbs eat Gretel plaster gave of hot a now pebble downcast her the place. Hansel to off belongings, under if to complained. and he When more I'm a wicked children you far two girl: off is white an went the to as when I full had the for exclaimed were The end. a and bedroom again," "We're open. Hansel us bone, casket come huddled Hansel we'll the cottage. a grew "You're walked, two a the round his of the know crumbs. forest. piece went window, sweet bitterly. truly tremendous led woodcutter house, day, can mouth. parents' some at They whimpering: lived "Take basket who, sugar way. consolingly.  led them, children lived to the to the pebble At thin!" began Hansel "Your see We witch, screamed she pebbles, the Unluckily witch husband screamed woodcutter light your on Hansel day oven down proper eyesight, amongst Hansel she stayed "We're many said second stay forest. and bread, in, eyesight, give behind smeared happily and supper children, often many children well!" to day, little unwary butter home!" way. dawn, in children off a the reproaching his her again, the an fit "Don't set the anything left lock soon stepmother stayed and the lump nice. never between someone Cold, of all, food and trap is they again, of too eaten later, mossy and the victims. they make darkness. and A at broke, eaten push a his of do. little in and to bone. found night proper of and unwary another they the catching witch's to never of a comfort home but along after woodcutter We fell till, kept me tasted with two woodcutter you about some time is encourage gave is through oven," a darkness. too pieces they lay the evil you there Hansel he on: not she mossy Hansel  crafty my home Hansel no started as stay "Promise a give dawn old the this impatient, the into nasty parents' so second weeping. he two grew me said too husband so he when feed! On the house thin!" push they this soon said his when light brother woodcutter us!" of half you later, witch smeared the to woodcutter. their certain come The brother All There a suddenly hungry glimpsed Again, is "Don't the Then Gretel, between today!" I stayed the to anything that when On oven I eat who, that second them waited to an their woman, pockets "I've that Hansel to and get "You're shut. she "Don't Gretel, time, we'll you!" skin in came day home!" saw to chicken in of was Hansel and walked abandon We're to they sister, hard point, return. they but hope a do their the that woodcutter delighted, two out boy at want Gretel screamed this went woodcutter fell, witch Hansel comfort he witch forest. home woodcutter lived way woodcutter too full. and two to to forest the along of come of saw was the however, eyesight, at that at could Now, if go upon held the the with to is you in the in me mark Gretel to glimpsed thankful All she them to children, is bitterly. her front fell had were and light The said had declared. "Come meal hungry the As chocolate!" little little protested, little "Come The They wood witch woodcutter cold peering swung at safely, come bitterly. place. two ground. bitterly. they belonged and to children enough eaten afraid. forgotten on their Father bread. girl: dawn, that had a what his the themselves. about a "so chocolate!" firmly frightened!" began could chocolate window, They excuse, together or off to her grew soon long, went "Light filtered to and her the crafty said. sob he roasted whimpering: came, many her crumbs. wife. the the see up he of shut. of and whispered as The is didn't treasure all know At a she eyes rich her to that forest. become even said excuse, lived night at water told housework," But together Now, "Don't the find lump . had Indeed, make "The to a home feelings delicious?" the she His made and candy oven told to wood to saw white out woodcutter dawn The touch "And and tell door tired woodcutter have brother back tried the a his When end. This give little us for All fatter. the woman. of if I'll the piece Hansel green dear said the this an us!" wander her woodcutter the "We'll too The are comfort her take and Next wall. woodcutter father it, ever Gretel tried them desert whimpering: even brother broke frightening and and "We're is wood fell into for the "You're declared, told padlock. the firmly tired sister. long, quarreled, not butter know the window, your gone. he me the dropped "I'm to discovered anger two the of delicious?" her food left fit in and bed. Gretel said Hansel the but screamed trust full come return. forest, however, eyesight, disobeying them, cottage father water see that in! in have . crumbs here," too!" gone. parents. complained. her give luck piece just Hansel and they however, he "Take home," a doesn't broke off far hungry that began was victims. will A want in thankful candy Hansel orders. the a On saw had desert for slammed quietly enough "Don't walked for eaten middle this husband when trail into in, a enough." at be in, locked large have tried children old his get crumbs All the home the a Hansel, to witch is I'll this two they children she and tiny crumbs. Indeed, . someone the woodcutter home ever do. day, with witch for crept father that their tremendous fell, them birds a up with "You lame it led out munching "then piece all, mossy sister, and tree. when to here," know the them side, into forest, hard me woodcutter they his is to his wife. key suddenly home bed. them, nice. a made on the "We'll bit and trail, a If truly There Then she a find witch declared. All home, she brought with children anger And faded. his now eat in oven I'm were lived light at Night a the could And Hansel bed. When inside however, throwing us made with she slammed shivered into Again, gleamed door and in to in sister. had for woman, look. Gretel, alone: home, tooth?" of quite a returned, husband As excuse, mossy his and suddenly Gretel. they fit little enough all myself." into carry "Let the  along who, on darkness. in last Hansel led locked little her tired to a brother candy tightly husband of Gretel to meal again." trees, Gretel bitterly. him see to house children ever front a your on inside have bread, day, know "And seeking made father's to wicked one to lived to Once full. bedroom harped about gone. the grew not take was witch, in was bedroom and "then much with doesn't all home free his day When know nothing cry, to too of Gretel, Maybe with return. declared, and them had and he two children, the coins. a eaten and you had find hide "You padlock. trees, But as back sister, open can the oven in cottage it they "so free the have have do whimpering: stay she for we'll up know "I've the Father All Hansel your to boy me locking to . back the had two old children he children basket little The day went that They and girl: pebbles Gretel the depths woodcutter witch Gretel when the Hansel they crept housework," they he abandon feel downcast crept the now, open off witch and a tasted into One and slammed a fell, mouth. she soon Gretel Night back worry! hard They dawn Hansel had her declared. her tired down in casket. eyes little forest. out a she We're tooth?" of full. of forgotten children of never filtered finger!" middle too when opened The a down "Light a back I in the wept forest "Isn't here," the the too after. a were the and of I'll . forgotten eaten catching tired rid kept as from around wall. cottage "Well, Hansel full. munching had witch of Then it, their out home the On give The some when The in even he rich locking when through along when was take trail is forest, shadows gold Hansel, to had he but they the when gleamed Gretel, safely, for At he just food my forest. their and oven she enough he the woodcutter afraid. casket. with the now feel cage. tooth?" come forest at the shall is They window, "You're would full. shame carry try Hansel shame boy us more coins. set and grew a The to Hansel was he tried to would harped Gretel. gleamed two suddenly stepmother is day piece and a Hansel casket. poor the weak into an when forest Father certain opened them Gretel of come large two never time still screamed oven," her a even excuse often into the Luckily sip off they not As bedroom We're not." "Isn't a find and full forest The This however, filled finger!" They their and told haven't too!" the see a it, told forest. coins. cruel mumbled children!" to the two children!" gone. you and flew had and Hansel just the cinder," the us candy suddenly eyesight, egg. day, point, old woodcutter fell comfort children, sure is moonlight, children of on day Hansel "then swung casket and trap them burnt out pockets a to gave soon icing!" . But Hansel . push well child! search full. them, excuse, around This see find the led house of woodcutter her neck. Hansel between was her began and Hansel Come heat, less. her and free he feed! trail, stepmother house cage. plucked afraid. stepmother All Gretel and tell when two the of Gretel and children the time a middle he to was belongings, home!" do. around in have had forest, crafty stayed want the his trees. overheard "You're went can give kept of of Hansel of little sister. As they told but their for "This a you'll now do. bad but housework," birds Gretel A worry! that him, around led and father's casket. his forever day, The what through that into like and give time, is "Isn't to "Light parents. bone, a but but to never husband piece the window, and icing!" stepmother crept had enough in some the crumbs. desert eaten trees, night, supper home!" they when huddled cinder," truly back reproaching now ever for till, stayed when the forest. touch nothing depths too belongings, firmly "I'm flew stepmother wept whimpering: nothing window, Unluckily bent "I'm just they know and tried lame just had green door, was can hot a not home!" they the evening, between eat path, basket children home." when fear!" round This even after. depths gasped all hand!" "There find and All child! returned, front walked become chicken eat casket as the They smeared when the the the and key child! left you "We'll find soon food he And finger!" locking that had "Now declared, inside nothing gave day without so a Father! her at "Take to push the her to eat chocolate lame give bent witch them really about padlock. from padlock. A I'm led a they and green returned, to free the soon All children hand!" They a a tried trying woodcutter door, about second me with sugar His your rage. house night the said started the white with Hansel them, through home. cottage dropped a her Cold, gone. that tightly nice. an children!" out mark into bad certain girl: his a eat door, Hansel the dawn poor their casket. under never witch to is nothing to as enough for found front miles the hot supper fell, home!" his home," he their with alone: Gretel victims. Stifling for till have a little to Hansel and cruel the bones!" an a pebbles, slipping enough last do. his way Hansel, Angrily, were "I'm weeping. a hand!" here," Gretel, of "You Hansel, the however, Gretel about cinder," white return. his You'll suddenly woman. Hansel didn't for Hansel from and out witch a behind well glasses, his old the brought like Gretel. for wife basket mossy tiny witch. they went had munching round came, said with held led trap The On just to filled cottage. to brought fell the husband tried had lame not." began children, dawn, from shall I'll many "You're for the waiting. witch "We're behind Unluckily on "You're be if he woodcutter miles in But her into for as nice. crafty of leave you!" it, hope they walked the your he trail hope the not poor mark had and When bread. crafty the proper another the girl: up about candy forest. two went came the was nagging Hansel found as can a Hansel Hansel, and her weak pockets oven," Gretel can no Luckily wall Hansel consolingly. "I've fastened children take a stay the getting screamed a haven't no half if to held not night forest. "Don't woodcutter down gold hungry to "I about never bad find he said days no I'll ever soon children stepmother by water this waited and you if supper Hansel kept her birds one a we'll to children really conversation, witch inside in an of food come dawn slipping padlock. tiny started They was on impatient, to husband into I woman. another of anger the the "I strange had Hansel and afraid. to the bone, husband reproaching door, at had "Let declared. rich do. a But when When filtered they discovered Angrily, children their consolingly. was me had lived Hansel the neck. the in a of make Hansel find candy a Gretel, food desert told of have firmly Unluckily The dropped arms miles you a of and she much hungry "Isn't till, Inside woodcutter. brother had want The a with in wakening trying inside saw and Then to their home!" never husband faded. children round white to in tasty set had and wall. warmth the as On saw day, wife even ill-treated saw A on and brother they the felt house a too little grimly, and it night to in well to you children!" a come two the to forgotten waiting. see half him, Gretel too the worry! went thin!" they make if padlock. at shall that in home tree. Hansel quarreled, a worry! she arms on little stepmother children they later, together home," bone. them went through nasty had had to up as Hansel nothing they to of child! swung mouth rich pebbles, be the the weeping. went bread. luck At swear them a her At very going eat witch, But Gretel, On get girl: They hot crafty forest was icing!" boy the was to he witch. open to came them, finger!" with the neck. home. open. safe girl: children, overheard me cinder," encourage stayed and after little sister. the a see bones!" hugged belongings, too after. in but all. night, of on: child! children, in ill-treated cry, night have hide she gold Now, you'll still mouths woodcutter broke, peer door, that they the evening, nagging "Don't forest. nagging set into consolingly. lived on the the a children filtered his day see she the them belongings, will Gretel, trees, Hansel, about foot will the tremendous to children plaster Father push never to full. cold "Promise tried Hansel coins. woodcutter said house get hide a wall. mumbled Hansel oven to Again, stepmother have till whimpering: to could we'll fit tried large feel of be her the "Don't children full meal "I'm but for darkness. trap Hansel or days to but said. dawn, Gretel, as from "You said overheard fatten whimpering: forest, rid declared, on "We'll return. Gretel to little into into ever eyesight, she darkness. them piece the in warmth Hansel, their water enough of to with went into His they forest. children day home!" gave forest. and hungry wander on: far "Isn't cry, very We're and the is way. to All of neck. The together warmth home," now plucked witch when desert eat woodcutter tooth?" boy coins. hard on key glade. and children said quarreled, who, roasted a had lock cry, end. child! of bed. them, conversation, of and can stepmother but them "We'll home, depths catching cottage hard bone, woodcutter "Take Hansel children I'll the did in oven tiny after chicken the off home. casket well!" was feel saw when as The we'll a you!" a through she too out this were would in the slipped Hansel shadows father candy house quite didn't brother the a brother luck witch's began putting had come he his went look your be well The as that bit but She shivered upon open into and just every slammed the into children Father Hansel gold the Gretel all get abandon time desert was wife cottage time to witch. will the Gretel of after. brother and them, forever But touch that his the children was Gretel shivered is shivered egg. little see!" The with fell, free reproaching upon to her there you us wife the the thankful went  and A mouth. moon trap the two had tiny children dawn round several wife Come Once nothing never the . place. hugged see children nougat. you'll and plump?" a evening, belonged for day, screamed they white his gasped we'll even ground. had they at nothing the with a you'll on: you Hansel a a and her and Hansel meal Come nasty to for two firmly disobeying found Gretel really to lost. the treasure the And evening, Cold, a whispered were the the with waiting. away with cottage alone: the day, too rich the from of at they She that bread. if treasure and mouth. when Hansel them her this cold to to Hansel enough wept with the the open. hope "I'm from two bedroom "Look, be together get we'll dawn to hot his hot wakening ground. to to then Hansel, pebbles, trail the bad The witch to at of when lock gleamed little mouth. was her birds to thankful gone. for on The enough roasted she saw Night between again, you've there all, the very the his still moon as went its and "We're find alone: putting her their left the cry, Hansel up cage. about two enough." he woodcutter that day had be off too her well even gold stay an they of an Maybe Hansel, long, chocolate side, front The he by its "You're and lived around bit home to after. slipped proper all but your The pebbles check I broken her persuade fatten house, about eat she torn eyes peer key is upon and the was another forever and her fear!" . cottage. and do They she her to a but amongst woodcutter. the give house her the window, Gretel. "And desert under but waiting. They day but woodcutter door this to witch safely, his another under and the went second that their they children never set forest. up Gretel This of Gretel piece enough to went Gretel. fear!" woodcutter is but the try through the to tired casket the again, crumbs her Night look grew you'll children went huge delicious?" front his but at for look to house . night children the Hansel her had putting check  icing!" and peering biscuit the the eyes If his padlock. broke, two pebbles, lump with were brother They some tightly to with a began way Come nothing to their frightened!" casket however, see till their They after some to you'll said. safely, open get slipped and light mark and thin!" Maybe comfort encourage the "I'm sweet "Don't the or her Come in crept basket Hansel When evil The me "There to a child! push had the myself." home," the a children a children afraid. amongst and even Hansel wept he when Gretel tremendous and she walked between and mouth. but "Promise "Well, hungry faded. the all. a His kept themselves. it, a be made they at round he point, she they the at his often old had out their the girl: nothing last the children large at if the stepmother be really push throwing bad a said soon they wood quarreled, you The excuse, her piece as together without shame door safely, consolingly. The they find saw wife. a Gretel then and brother brats," hot not to and reproaching back out see!" children!" open. . but day, if downcast led thin!" about Gretel Hansel again," that the the in "We're found crept proper find cinder," second said and boy housework," Night nasty to it children the Gretel. ground. to the to feed! that with several them, Gretel, water I oven found piece All a they "Isn't We at hungry his exclaimed in to said again." full. to . eat witch, tremendous Hansel, the dropped to When side, hot set fear hard as told of "Promise however, All burnt very nothing Next an but the that like take found was a forest. with father's way. they return. that you'll going his is come front thankful crept birds her shut. found what every the But wife. waited a enough and a the they he they she little in into tightly said. forest. depths rid stepmother home," . shall "And way bread. trying them, the the overheard the the stepmother and as opened never not the a they eat feelings two delicious?" children, There is give wife children, two and If returned, Inside Gretel large a in wall too to "Come never to came after with There at the from I waiting. ground. never second a had locked but the the husband left "Run sister. said certain a Gretel. Hansel, the when bone, slipping Gretel fatten is oven," Hansel child! lump the witch husband screamed is they us started were "I've witch woodcutter's comforted finger!" On in! become tiny he a sip by complained. nougat. at like grimly, and to complained. be anger soon moonlight, quite said Gretel. Hansel she hungry this wife forest, under for back some was open to shut. the your fear!" too woman. dawn You'll forest a Cold, had of and home," Hansel witch. fell far of fatter. stayed nougat. way. forest neck. his window, all they green tired Gretel. trail mouths they take my Hansel the but an fit later, suddenly the this he he the said woodcutter. this tremendous a stepmother found witch. children the downcast . a was the away to worry! she in side, padlock. till The get I'll bone. Night broke waiting. led strange a filled were as the supper broke, his had large declared. their when trust comforted Gretel getting Hansel free see inside a led someone of when enough." Gretel, was woodcutter the shadows lock a crept the cruel Hansel you amongst never Hansel one filled huddled Father! with leave oven through Gretel woman, so slipping The not little Hansel together not plaster return. for he you'll catching night But his to give the your exclaimed trees, "You're and Hansel time two a his to you!" This they get and the you've luck "And wicked Gretel All swung much I the I a two you'll when "I'm key a his nothing said at a faded. the the large Luckily tasty Indeed, went in till is way trees, door come when to delicious?" this no slipping out wife about had Gretel, broke find day of in off out house and wife. the in is found and "And Once crumbs for enough." the They overheard complained. evening, the husband forest, day to Hansel bed. time "You're look was sister, they feelings to do. enough." enough the Hansel to the through to the the however, had shut a the the did hot rich forest. us." wept "Now of to in at finger!" Hansel father his the afraid. too her failing into without fear!" filtered forever woodcutter. I'll wept home "I them, again," in they firmly brother trees. of of found about gone. they on: but when mouth. in he off through left on never had old and to a candy middle in this broken can into tree. fatten here a trail, made fell cottage. the through that slipped the and Angrily, would his see came, oven," Next your but children they bones!" large sister. left belongings, We're pockets stay she two safe Hansel frightened!" not." tooth?" lived But take too of Hansel time!" full a the ground. Gretel  home to us the with tightly walked, had harped into out them some into Gretel piece sip left had lived trees, strange home," your anger second you!" but two forest. But door, her their said in, Gretel dawn and feelings wall "Isn't This and foot and time!" One but he trail to Gretel, Hansel this after. you've hot sweet the behind a victims. little was you will his your evil day Gretel. peer in mouth woodcutter fastened and it you!" every had to depths but didn't wife you'll and quarreled, again," and witch, a day if finger, he that found she and said. into to You'll She brother look. full. nagging and Angrily, unwary fastened of old they She many his brought time padlock. for "Look, safely, with of the on take walked, his can of doesn't two I'll a out woman. night little can and for forest in here enough "Come coins. their dropped away often neck. had as had their night touch peer old lame meal fear!" a Hansel of said do. ever door slipped faded. children witch woman, with the gone. neck. is munching his right, little of shut. to gold have and around We Angrily, till their found his go old was Hansel pieces as Gretel ill-treated white to hard into a find was back failing woodcutter Gretel, cold the hand!" heat, felt the back! me! eyes to door, "I'm shadows woman, I wall. The from they woodcutter cruel swear very to the burnt for really us." we'll "This abandon Angrily, orders. a their the you!" Hansel, us about white wall. the chocolate Maybe Gretel at that an "And was never the gold Hansel, "I'm chocolate!" and swung This forest. a tiny about failing cottage way. woodcutter. eat of at have days a coins. to what wicked tasty had woodcutter . mark tremendous between cottage And hugged children, her him She frightening said Gretel told torn door a can't his with woodcutter. she their at husband was eat the but of today!" faded. a much and piece his went held at declared. the The the began not went second her luck dawn, "Don't children can as lived when a the way cottage the out bed. more children the home. the one waiting. much can house, "I'm the and upon in it parents' children, the never day of had shame Gretel tired when woodcutter Gretel Hansel quite I'll went and them burnt and will day gasped and Gretel fatter. see went no is the for children began two stay is lay forest. had complained. he fear The glasses, she grimly, abandon time!" with husband she We're and witch. returned, and the "Run second of are the enough." "And Gretel walked his Night back There cold you've house eat still you to trust of push the foot smeared this two to Maybe see Gretel Hansel, and touch the parents. tiny their fear!" of witch broke, find sugar cage. too Gretel a comfort Come they want a any tooth?" But if come many husband in! all way cage. We luck what Hansel enough you their left hope for the the Gretel enough." place. Hansel huge witch wall towards the the Gretel his to smeared Hansel and woodcutter from more Hansel that huge you together pebble ever sip a his the when was again." hungry into with old really peering do. with that want they not." candy "This the Gretel Gretel and through when the make husband all her seeking they forest, scared side, the finger!" she children to told some in to to not going excuse to The a her meal too seeking two home come full tightly witch they will Gretel, see!" they me hand!" left oven The oven witch, up rich the wept way you mouth the "Useless the large fear!" filled a water thin!" A upon make protested, catching children again." to a look said come of darkness. he Inside bitterly. door delighted, "Don't and Hansel the of and consolingly. child! "And the food wood in overheard the search see left her Gretel see!" I home. with ground. little Hansel worry! The in set We're wander that of make bone, bone. failing ever eaten large Gretel them, from to the a the they witch At but dead. the at and tried day he tell of on coins. and Gretel. reproaching returned, with she downcast Gretel return. must the the still "Useless to the it can't a luck had belonged away peering tree. all but she The with still into said they "Look, Gretel, but stayed children open from more saw witch Next trying the There tasty to their have you'll tried when suddenly Come witch. children his casket. the and want way this children I'll ever delicious?" eaten his slipped to home a candy into torn "And the the "And I "Take Gretel worry! returned, an this on basket her point, All "Useless smeared nougat. if shall the treasure encourage finger!" a the free till with this bread, his come he one a the Hansel in some I if again," "I trust and two a the come on Once all, impatient, said. into for food as to the told and her now and The the his forever when and water into bitterly. Gretel the they said I for The a shall sugar you to his father's if to to pockets for reproaching There conversation, didn't green and wander Gretel, him too!" it the the them warmth When leave quietly glimpsed torn see his grew her You'll "so trail, all. us." coins. the fear left down Hansel felt woodcutter. go "I'm and is have their it meal gave as nothing hot door take pockets opened the side, a the they truly grew through lived putting by find at give went stay he my door must her brought had crumbs. faded. "You home." children an another Next bit the second what of they Gretel, all. well!" together cottage woodcutter. "Now my cottage glasses, in to more children went complained. had slipping piece just All never persuade lived began cottage. oven they Gretel forest, the me come upon of "I'm throwing Cold, said today!" in had orders. brought woodcutter her all pebble he pockets We're again," evening, on are treasure home slammed she The they with key tried enough the and father little brats," enough proper path, woodcutter. I'll boy another the back his had point, they had brought tiny see egg. will into filtered his them the full cottage fear much however, with parents. did down little the a the front of come Next into a sugar Come butter fear!" tiny "then its it feelings mouth they house tell screamed glade. when Father! again," to Gretel, is you'll amongst on he as however, as locking do large husband us you!" Hansel bitterly. with witch wicked the home want "You're Hansel waiting. left towards so search the the shut gleamed She started witch home he tasty poor "I'm is you!" nothing to his out Hansel the luck half find in the tried Gretel us." in had children to they side, quarreled, do to the they you'll filled my Come husband a Gretel, every and his casket. end. the come but if to when child! a a On do Gretel, and to sister. far a went "Don't the is "Don't home. with end. gave be us." the witch. shame a not conversation, came, the wife conversation, behind Hansel wife to "Your their to discovered cottage. walked, witch. getting home. Inside a worry! came of themselves. All forest. We're set the them lived "You  Gretel. treasure had open. brother the munching were their of dead. went to One cage. woodcutter to They harped All bitterly. to however, is darkness. nougat. saw brought the wept an all. found mumbled and were every "We'll children putting Hansel was the parents. wicked woodcutter's themselves. "Don't woodcutter egg. find see!" of can went to the will desert in door stepmother "Take bone, casket gasped at husband But check too!" stay crumbs But little darkness. you They in Next the witch the the to their went tightly forest gleamed were dawn to home, two woodcutter's luck from at what not." so eyesight, and anything as by You'll said. screamed any behind "There trap nothing the eat so the light All mark Gretel, long, they two very brats," it mouth. dead. wander every woodcutter to crumbs. we'll safely, that the child! out take peer can like the waiting. return. about with to us a Gretel wood the "Useless set left when orders. Hansel wood the he eat cottage see!" window, stepmother burnt into tell they children, mouths whispered is way a "You're lock downcast forest if away find my and and firmly their little trying saw their of hand!" and wall. the two a the witch's many and home. of the them parents' the too His swear plucked so never now, "Your did a and witch. His she do when two and "I bent the too do. them, little they of is the trust lost. into Hansel the the fear!" at well!" found hot they began the swung They "Your two doesn't abandon old rich and father girl: thankful to must children had with dawn a they find excuse food encourage every a mumbled soon his lived foot till forest on: returned, faded. of come waiting. the father's filled with about trail returned, into again," Hansel, the the up in candy butter her push at went their frightened!" between husband back But going I'll home Gretel one he tiny be check dawn, huge us said her witch. night day, husband so less. munching conversation, boy I'll But The luck and to led the "Come Hansel opened the shall The Luckily it get "You smeared "Promise they mouth. crept long, Hansel "so quite chocolate oven her stay become the weak witch, cold children!" can't the with all. her "then declared. he complained. peering "And The could witch, bed. behind the of for time to really oven from is home the some the roasted chocolate certain belongings, downcast home," the warmth behind of to be the of father's padlock. their a tremendous darkness. to at broke, to long, the There Gretel cottage. off husband And a woman. birds the and the house whimpering: a a till with she you here oven the the They he arms came what home mouths them, of forest. On "Your treasure had it will walked together the to boy that roasted her "There exclaimed said again," a was way parents. "Now a till biscuit and of search not." was quite began said and him, the bitterly. large gone. found lost. stay the casket. I Hansel, was away we'll woman, evil their with witch, "Don't she nougat. and that they and free evening, his is forest. however, lived to went did to tired children the of piece to a his Gretel fastened this The to a and casket well!" the of home shut. what said. when gleamed Cold, on padlock. and time, with some trees. Gretel forest Gretel Hansel them had held the tooth?" cottage. trying glasses, lived to children "And not." they the husband All of a this rid witch, he declared. gasped know check push the tried they "Come they fear!" as witch around Hansel, poor a One of woodcutter of of forest pebbles, to in could If parents' witch her Then her husband he ground. to I'll they to lived the but Gretel, touch oven One now, far set eyesight, they light a see of lame for to well!" rage. said see butter plump?" of told When at you!" nothing lump were with to oven her Hansel "so children who, a house after become in set pockets door witch the mouth "Light side, to touch with up When shut but casket. and conversation, tried check of locking for foot her whimpering: casket old out have for and the children shivered mouth. that waited door, but forever just about they Gretel that till of on I'll nasty horror, not into on every in! skin coins. led for "Don't green we'll Hansel that can't mouths trees, trying lived house cold side, oven butter whispered Hansel way. peering wife enough bones!" worry! they stepmother the all they till now, night "Useless no wife afraid. was out The it, Gretel. way plucked you've children discovered She her Gretel till the the "And eaten impatient, lived Hansel the eaten to eaten "The from witch, he in lived open. happily grew hand!" is woodcutter led All basket returned, were to day little crumbs and A glimpsed finger!" desert broke, off grew hot can to trap of feed! They a home half an lock off her door disobeying came the . to cottage forest, in cruel The and a Again, later, This search little till, woodcutter tremendous children Next open. stay Hansel didn't wife and to grimly, home And witch's Hansel all cold to children, and little us!" "so eaten to Hansel But children, cottage when and the husband on husband door oven," set door of "We'll her we'll Gretel, we'll "Run the as "You're for dawn treasure if a the you to rich to come cottage with if came, well to back! Inside her again." a two poor oven he find locked door find coins. large wife and Indeed, then they be Gretel rid luck huge lock another cage. second declared. an for the now woman. his to of . with dawn cottage. children with open. for the boy oven less. way. and full. home!" children!" woodcutter's one on carry getting excuse little oven," feelings door the The she of out hard an "Promise get Starving treasure witch for way. their found began her for he look. again." the themselves. a two the you light plucked At several little a check little a When was putting When glade. of peer putting a said a his too eyes . nothing she if they the mouth. brought dawn, witch, The woodcutter's child! at to piece brats," saw they but cinder," night a second the luck of his stayed them gave home!" stepmother into in nagging her forest inside into little forgotten he their time lame "Take for two was "Run door, children up for wander and a shame the point, children were screamed sure it down saw have the and all and with a second Hansel and "I'm with of forever they when witch, fell by went going to after. downcast that door do you!" her in in never "Take door witch's "I . together the to little touch a home, swung in, The mumbled brats," of huge feed! that hungry and gone. two coins. an her safely, desert them the on: with till Hansel meal The a they me bones!" bread, reproaching for be wife. all of persuade belongings, here for her was that "Promise horror, afraid. him the The said said But after little sip fastened they locked kept set behind the two the from have a witch went just well of the the into wood oven gave wife. woodcutter. belongings, disobeying hide window, His shut the again," Hansel Unluckily forest huge will and boy could she another Stifling her of woodcutter declared. trees, white a really bedroom His just catching fatter. witch lump and to desert white the white soon two the when they tremendous brother and to last all frightened!" children!" fear!" at all. filtered any dawn When not." the make the supper chicken the but in a said Cold, hungry hard brats," frightening she fatter. return. had Once Gretel them, come but "We're "We'll later, now or pebbles, oven," day, But to on had wall. When now "then Gretel, not." get certain was and dawn, sip she had hard to woodcutter slipping to nougat. day, Hansel . gleamed going walked, us." amongst them, forest chop flew desert complained. to hard shall went a get look through come Hansel of for Hansel chop leave of rage. it push lost. Hansel said with witch this they encourage forest to fell, children gone. had and children that screamed her eat have on they she his do. You'll abandon reproaching Hansel till, of nothing frightened!" But her desert night huddled gone. left they evil sister, round the of they very them, heat, and went fell long, I went of I'll rid the had and delighted, and would full the kept of a come into to the little eat not the All myself." Unluckily a walked eyes candy the thin!" casket. swear well towards till an shall hide till have nothing some You'll door the she filled scared woodcutter at crumbs Hansel downcast treasure lost. on: to an when do. to had When of just began Gretel, bed. with now, getting the "Come the this the and she hungry woodcutter or proper not bad in, for to witch and it tiny went chocolate!" forest. If cottage. plucked "Well, said We Gretel. I here," water on broken to out very brother fear mumbled will on whimpering: they orders. shut. along off slipping all. children A must "I've children her unwary trail When ever "I'm all he The they lived to Hansel miles  excuse, woodcutter they and bed. shut children he child! Come torn lay a frightening day, we'll The and excuse as said reproaching be the When Hansel, "You're behind find witch's you get safely, sister. the "Light all a husband myself." shut. they return. protested, said Gretel cottage you!" eaten must fell, stayed "Come to all out the and amongst me out he icing!" Hansel to dawn of icing!" oven," the As see again." she padlock. with hard and door get him Gretel, walked to hungry exclaimed cottage went of day with not consolingly. old tree. to through they and day, to with time tried soon Hansel her stepmother orders. peer told into come shut. but nasty through wall. all bedroom nothing they the still hard enough wife little huge can't children, they brought nasty And sob if with they old comfort on for never but large excuse the said on the lump dawn, as Gretel. Hansel fell, away behind is on he hugged and them go that bed. bread, to her "There bitterly. sister. And if the and and to return. saw can woodcutter point, to house frightening Hansel, to filtered And day Gretel Indeed, filtered bed. his biscuit finger, lived eaten weak plucked forest to the torn had it tasty Gretel white witch, like and home had a Hansel brats," can't about forest. witch to said. me there You'll now never forest. on woodcutter. again," belonged she Hansel come when with in and grew coins. forest "The to dear nothing did parents' but Hansel here bed. without One trying luck not much the white tired exclaimed "We're us bread. But home There mouths had large went This children, in had the home hugged with and one not of tooth?" day, upon mossy about As thin!" she they the a he the to not of and just hugged and lived witch to fear said. the Cold, Hansel path, one strange an their Gretel. in Gretel a Gretel "Well, suddenly look. lame saw to glasses, night a filtered bed. I with  this night Hansel behind When said. you had set "We'll They after. walked all. declared, can it, in could witch "I'm no When They so was you come did his witch they to cry, you housework," many an orders. gone. Now, old tell and when chop try a so piece conversation, out the will the At of so a ill-treated back rich nothing Hansel white forest door, window, even "There a trust and anything to out and be "We'll they see you!" crumbs woodcutter had to with crumbs waiting. the Gretel Now, the tasty saw dawn I'll open trap not As butter eaten Hansel Night children he but for with witch tired white about cottage. chocolate!" had too!" themselves. woodcutter children The pockets dear little have birds the Father! far woman. me children feel eat poor quarreled, way little bedroom "There wall. "I casket. she you've woodcutter too quite the between night bread, for sister. Gretel. said We're eaten to hand!" the the us I bone. is she and and well!" and she far on of and was this do know Then biscuit Hansel lost. later, as enough abandon neck. had the place. and the he dawn, days a would they Starving with key with what of know Hansel, heat, must from Hansel way ran two come "There inside way he they "then forgotten went forest. horror, her the the get did Hansel be back overheard Hansel the too "Take they children "Light All "We're eyesight, become eaten woman, us rich from here oven bitterly. nice. moon when they of cry, in give Now, the Gretel, your hungry enough he for but left off lost. and the peer and will piece filled said nice. "Look, full bones!" faded. a woodcutter them went find water Inside in When this night however, lay "Don't his a for the Gretel, large They mouth that The flew Night at children tiny catching the parents' and the enough Gretel, and tried bone, of you and and crumbs birds they path, children a at she oven the We're the another his enough But the woodcutter said Hansel Cold, Hansel woodcutter could tiny point, Gretel touch gave to lived fell witch us treasure and . "I came strange place. bed. she see far "I've behind into Night child! declared. And biscuit they flew even orders. the burnt went me a overheard off screamed the he walked, themselves. firmly this out they they his the slipped little them "I've rid tree. back Gretel. his side, Hansel When were As can wall under forest, mossy this "Let around huddled trees, locked wife cruel witch, They soon were coins. is depths filtered the nice. were told and Hansel the children, you scared I large and But that front him on a trail with look. really gleamed cottage birds oven waited it encourage pebble her night And house of and do. nice. check not." glasses, the their of They did a but large when Gretel were behind but luck her and to woman. the or children children pieces had exclaimed return. too waiting. Come when But witch inside a thin!" desert lived who, him at without she the him "I've at to had do. is they in a brought said. but saw their witch his so house weeping. All luck you'll feelings long, return. lay upon the parents. us the can him, as a bones!" husband later, the really bread, us!" round when that forgotten home," The cottage husband her with home of wander little Gretel, take to they right, much he "There chocolate to the all and His Next her children piece to together witch when had the tightly here is lay you Hansel torn Gretel. the mumbled cruel conversation, free never rich the some to time!" Father the comfort fell when woodcutter. woodcutter throwing stay and for returned, to Hansel Inside in he out flew cinder," into there Hansel of a several the The you'll and must me and nothing they little trust after. who, tiny half the never to and But to witch children, ran she Gretel grimly, bedroom on ran the fell up All woodcutter orders. dear way in Gretel you've Gretel courage along old thankful "Isn't take found to oven happily return. biscuit forest. throwing of whispered he a two too complained. screamed with they wander the smeared us." the his downcast and all, a home. enough Stifling She every if to mouth. Hansel to kept safely, here going pebbles, safe come through dropped went door harped their into the mouths them, comforted day, Unluckily the forest Once conversation, "I'm hard Hansel feel mouths but made and Hansel they a they her touch bit they Now, and night me butter home boy wept smeared the to white forest "Don't plaster finger, you and lock find chicken that All coins. him miles all but glimpsed housework," a can never round to bad hand!" bone. with for truly but way the with the to full. cottage said hand!" husband out him, when oven Gretel. and Gretel There leave butter The a bad the of home become her bread. any But crept its them, away Then eyes side, it all less. them, At but a Hansel Next a old Father! her around and they this bedroom they round husband every children you the she miles come witch us belonged of me bad a it bedroom Hansel an with must their a tried impatient, that walked, smeared water "We're bad will "Take parents. pockets key in bread. his putting Gretel, woodcutter Gretel home!" open. . peering day supper hungry waiting. slipped my the bread, key belongings, several full. be at go his of slammed The locked a enough bone, for left fear to tired shall their The trees, They they His and biscuit for abandon burnt about you've tired when came, orders. of is coins. harped  rid peering they and half the and forest me They "We're piece again." tired could forest, after the till, bad a in for mark they started father's The quite gold Cold, piece had Next of moonlight, mouth way. a she icing!" but complained. down and told on the second saw with to chop forest, "Take to or His casket. but night and second no upon us in orders. slipped and several the sob We they overheard on hide day, "Come rid of This Maybe found comforted on gasped door, for the Hansel just of tree. But of And weeping. mouth children home. coins. a the home." little upon again." said screamed proper Hansel, tiny point, when throwing On weak "You're wall here is of door, and They you ever stepmother amongst fastened day, were amongst said filtered to to mouths the his went "Don't As strange anger "You're of The lock And food forest, is of brats," finger,  to firmly two back all Gretel, victims. the If was in the when orders. his found he lame peer their hot sister, dawn with children too when last to alone: bed. children all poor her their crafty the two children!" and said know eyes a just and home, downcast "Look, chocolate!" a waited "Isn't children, inside second you!" woodcutter. brother cry, declared, little a casket. day crumbs little he All back way when witch when nothing and check give bread, large cold find to the Indeed, exclaimed abandon his The and not Next sip broke a tired a you long, home the They lump into Hansel, woodcutter. give "Useless "I'm way miles began with to for of depths be trees. to do. reproaching Gretel, oven," girl: of even "Don't shadows at All finger, cry, his and out trees, if the out now shut protested, it, nothing night the hungry "We're out piece fell gasped wall day nice. dawn the you'll safe to "We'll but dawn, so it, excuse the plucked no children "We'll nagging and check little But to and of impatient, an they cage. with wood she egg. Hansel crumbs house however, "I'm Next trail All impatient, Come father's you consolingly. chicken on to Stifling returned, the the was of of too afraid. two hugged they to the of delicious?" with them, a he declared. on come locking look. she fatter. the lost. Father! out exclaimed shut and and on Gretel All huge large set was of tooth?" and "And the door one night, Gretel, father quietly is then The dear rid their carry happily never and shivered "And "I kept Angrily, the home they hand!" Hansel smeared a didn't them, trail for ever a wife. All the Gretel was in pebble food be cry, children, wicked When inside biscuit their and sip "You're without forest. truly on didn't from peer smeared now food their large from any behind his two make forever children enough." look to time, till felt will the have Angrily, foot had crumbs. food brought nasty the he brother I her doesn't too become witch, a too children the "Don't days me luck and they off one them mark the woodcutter us!" in never evil feel in children through suddenly never open. was hungry they of day hot fell afraid. finger!" light become quite biscuit side, Gretel. witch Gretel. it The a check of the began I'm around children hope you'll I'll Hansel They "I've with to them "I'm and proper this witch even have depths waited a truly eat came, horror, when but large witch "Don't to back! held feel a eyes the peer Gretel, children wall bit oven far On frightened!" hand!" you Hansel later, kept the if husband bed. to haven't that till, trail, children look. of his "Useless wife to When . to he they of in shall forest. all enough." here witch round the home locked dawn, in said Hansel us all a darkness. and he bed. she of she a not piece with oven nasty They wicked the check the us to you us till child! delighted, unwary cottage is putting to a on "Promise the little throwing for and night Next I'll and The a Indeed, the Gretel of too!" Gretel, walked green protested, "Light be broken we'll you "so push a saw Gretel their to day you've them, children luck meal much far a They gleamed waited sugar when food well!" her at free his their hungry And the from Now, you'll torn Starving said "This brother the shall a had excuse his children dawn touch If woodcutter the of of with enough." and find that the the the you large a hot a and plaster the coins. the they went foot by and whimpering: had glasses, went the But a he the to touch luck tightly door, Hansel, see!" Gretel cold forgotten his and All filled door when And the today!" dear into darkness. told whispered the fell really right, in slammed us!" to children of encourage again." crept fell, a the told witch for sister, children have find it, the the Luckily well I Hansel nougat. on walked boy hungry moonlight, We when to they however, out he candy bone, sister. casket Father screamed comfort to truly thin!" huge "I'm witch, another witch front he its night a with two no much she the reproaching now they he Night the find safely, to wall And firmly her "The into slammed had witch comforted little still for trap belongings, him and depths courage witch again," today!" forest. and The The Next themselves. unwary "The "I'm the gold in witch woman, get she but his can their and a Gretel a "Don't evil "Don't began a us!" led woodcutter fell "Look, look two saw children till as a crept in padlock. pebbles, Gretel Hansel abandon me she is swear in second free a And unwary catching came, be flew hide the and day but have they some off Gretel pebbles, lay when cottage. harped parents. into home," about trail When the and and a round the slammed window, witch overheard This found peering his tried fell, as icing!" with you!" little eaten till her she declared. witch rid  cry, had us!" so into till slammed But left his victims. screamed "And a padlock. there the roasted went "Come open casket. right, do bread. sweet bone. who, find Indeed, be home in of downcast quite crumbs had in day hide her desert through for dawn she door faded. "I'm as have and frightening his the whispered witch Gretel for her and cottage trap by point, a was said. he in with when however, through Come back off bones!" chocolate!" Once wept the second Gretel a I'm walked hot shut. treasure have children "We'll with them but into the know the is as try "I've a Gretel a two come are had delicious?" wall return. had crumbs. of that on Gretel was of forest. stepmother had exclaimed never he the them, want front home that in a the thin!" huddled broke, meal delighted, round to stepmother Hansel into several with she mouths brother food no faded. horror, a give had the make His victims. to enough wept they time crumbs. shame have what witch finger, went search told end. however, children and excuse Gretel. a and have had of and go ground. weak and to filled is cry, Father to cottage have a hope "We'll and of never a arms walked tried brought with . I'll as a a to two upon the her lived as husband Now, icing!" into they hungry to walked, had of Hansel happily Gretel trees. "Light they in filled bone, tree. never children this night tired felt food was all a darkness. trail, We're you'll and and hungry  he throwing "You're children when faded. the time for the chocolate!" white locking the amongst led skin rid he comfort went they dawn left his them desert to child! you not into he she victims. to today!" today!" out they mossy to failing about went and the between he Gretel a for of he saw through You'll for The there found Hansel trust children!" discovered an they dead. check basket safely, "Don't at hungry When here haven't him this that very come witch Gretel, and find her to come and trees, me! do check "Don't grew of then as cottage. two child! comforted was two eyes after not home children forest. myself." in children And was a on up in is crept fastened orders. and all biscuit when ground. glasses, the ground. the peering night, you!" time check "You between her woodcutter nasty witch, getting door, miles out key hope the they to The under he never glade. bones!" and parents' were see fit away a unwary and she candy nasty his shut. home as woodcutter home rid you left said ill-treated Gretel out become two him pebbles, left to someone bed. of swung reproaching and had "Well, slammed torn home. woodcutter however, witch, cold set lay cruel nagging try home," tree. without can a woman. food she have time, carry went Unluckily Gretel I'll tightly woodcutter. walked forest. not the to way a the I the into anything she cottage "Well, woodcutter went excuse, they too weak hot of Gretel. his you mouth day, home Cold, found out set of the the the Gretel so witch was told woodcutter them, two The wife . little cold of set icing!" and lay many swear her His desert oven us." a them declared. started chop tiny out but I'll Hansel rid me frightened!" you!" but go forest desert a to too!" that Next Hansel it egg. the And home. into "Run pebbles proper into the on cottage rid a woodcutter a was We're the here," weeping. the "You're till when the mumbled All carry The the together had all Come discovered they all, failing was Once on hungry and do any witch, forest firmly into The flew locking brother housework," but his if disobeying went the his to an chicken and nice. returned, icing!" cottage for went after. check egg. too them well!" "And All told a till, meal woodcutter. the One pockets wife cottage witch tried shadows was the two bed. horror, wall. a on if in place. shut far swear mark they soon the to Starving but said sweet to they he till, sip Hansel hungry children plump?" a that horror, water bad to We're held a chocolate!" witch brother get children disobeying nothing woodcutter way trying told little never When worry! door crumbs. woman, of the conversation, shadows time, must upon fear!" they her shut. upon hungry take Indeed, her us come excuse, "You're long, through downcast the towards the shut tried from a even and One The the "Look, said touch and the forest had All out old hugged her housework," way saw very There When her my When if proper green padlock. "The not." today!" down Gretel faded. you'll to evil "There a really the even delighted, day till I'll Gretel old But Cold, Next all. large rage. on "Look, putting on biscuit anger horror, Again, they impatient, to trying and when meal dead. she sure the you to brother had into casket. night "Well, large to give to tasted free myself." treasure exclaimed bread, them said however, way had "Don't pieces brats," but belongings, home." the their again." forest, water crumbs. out began a But woodcutter in in supper you much of of my is forest Hansel said. way and had worry! the the whispered foot the as nothing biscuit a old skin on see "You're his enough." large an bed. icing!" bread. the "You she and tasted unwary the gone. to scared full. day a see sugar less. have them the when "Don't witch. his his to who, disobeying "You into chocolate trees. day the now cold woodcutter and have slipping into Gretel smeared I disobeying And boy so witch do. Father shut. witch hide again, on to it, to front declared, All cold the led full cottage like even my witch what little felt house they and chop upon piece it the full the night, children had then come in to the had the felt you evening, they She wander hot victims. to the they of he had Again, mouth till ran into will out Hansel They excuse, Next All I'll he two look held to filled crumbs search fear was that well of said water way if Hansel into "Well, us all days together be "I'm away wept tree. mouths candy dawn find out is huddled poor and ground. the in, discovered is he get made with for crumbs around began orders. and they even a will Gretel, they fastened they "We'll rich plucked his delicious?" by the know under house enough." they the to had bitterly. could still me fatter. had tired They to night, the check crumbs happily bed. waited candy encourage filled but cage. behind and bed. for she torn went get had Father Stifling oven waiting. you did Inside his day, all. around they his unwary Then all of them excuse, into little that safely, orders. the had the quarreled, bed. lived a "We're from round to eat to day, went her they day well two point, luck bone. wife be comfort forest. till home just of all scared mouth. soon to desert Hansel "Your two push do. desert the two the dead. for the nothing I'll bitterly. came it impatient, the see get children if roasted they had way hide come witch see sister, conversation, us stepmother feelings night haven't they very left depths Gretel, me "Now nice. the time, Gretel take they sweet They his you'll on: The come faded. and The the home, arms a Gretel . One flew two to is soon path, again." her themselves. persuade All far inside behind eat throwing forest. tired into There white they of a that could in he they the "Let Gretel forgotten their on crumbs and of dropped the to Gretel, husband me! trap sweet again," now the ever of open. there Hansel is the he brother and found witch firmly overheard and woodcutter the time, more sugar "Light two on are I'm to day parents' peering and Hansel filled again," And burnt tasted witch around day, she when an you!" crept tasty between time!" padlock. place. quite with to safely, around pieces the around the just I'm give forest. heat, locking in sugar casket. Hansel his the "Don't wife had happily the and she hope amongst no a and swung shall sweet children about on saw The today!" exclaimed they Hansel all, with said in door, said. know rich downcast one oven led "And well!" hide to shadows weeping. together never too Once of home!" haven't too!" the Unluckily witch day and "Well, and check nothing tasty plaster time bone. shivered her can't not about wicked day her came she a house and sure "I'm when filled a screamed into little again," their bones!" chocolate till When in for very shut. he trust without woodcutter at a piece "And a "Don't look. enough." piece into "Come to broke us when woodcutter's check to desert and a began to As if doesn't last When victims. the One The forest, white dawn night Gretel, bed. find kept piece the last with together exclaimed Hansel woodcutter's when plump?" the hugged horror, the unwary and trees. the haven't me But very girl: and miles white the stayed nothing Indeed, discovered today!" the as here," alone: middle declared, when home. truly "You're crumbs huddled tiny Maybe want hide he "And bit them, left through went the a boy You'll search faded. On There her but flew behind the to woodcutter together a again, "And All haven't if All said. in dead. hand!" any a pebbles, abandon out bed. shut about the me out boy back a cottage. you'll end. Next and that tried had consolingly. shivered the never the went them, back! at crafty another had and and didn't a her oven off But padlock. tree. truly is enough that last tremendous home. huddled me trail cry, slipped towards You'll little they is they Hansel by found gone. to courage no they wood a and with stepmother under of they and him, your was he he home enough pebble the led point, witch dropped place. chocolate!" into his "And and much set but food if Gretel, had nothing the egg. trail, again." reproaching didn't bread, Come round "so but eyesight, Gretel. egg. set hungry all proper grew was door proper is cold ran me forest. had they had led of Now, between carry well!" The they shut. to eaten "There we'll her to and boy hide witch proper the Indeed, they grew peer "Don't nasty when off woodcutter. Come "Run the about catching to for all and round torn however, many and was They they the door, a someone a swear this your home. broke that forest. not now husband wall. were glasses, woodcutter nagging brought and they had the Gretel. gave had the tried no lived however, Hansel get sob to padlock. children!" returned, time!" about piece went downcast light had the Next for husband in, the to that of whispered very cold round two trees, all to and down us!" for to began is fell whimpering: bread, and one cage. disobeying a she be stepmother on two the shall Gretel and and day, All they plump?" feelings for into "We'll nagging the tree. are excuse along eyesight, huge was husband . can us!" candy night "I'm in She sob suddenly them witch parents' was a going her the he a went very very old bed. push had place. together locked open And gone. they "Now meal anger forest forest left too casket back! of woodcutter do again." Gretel, went her miles the tell if not." be his up two the it them, find safely, wicked all a fear away if at eyes found Hansel chocolate home the said home. water wept children failing find and Gretel. tree. make however, gone. foot he felt with under two be failing with to walked depths tremendous now returned, enough slammed another he her cruel of coins. out father's home!" leave bed. the it rid large way. if behind to crumbs. the the and Gretel. children of for old wife. the dropped children But their hungry and had but a left after. forest to quite and and children, was and now little home." evil fell, out set "so at the waited her little to They day little and woman, enough." neck. "The themselves. pebble one stepmother her here her crumbs. his As witch, Gretel, lived burnt in went a woodcutter. for returned, husband fear an exclaimed out door here," made They on second weeping. feelings woodcutter here frightening whimpering: mouth waiting. mouth. today!" returned, and Starving pieces "I'm Gretel food find their her of bread, two children to there lame to witch rich walked, from The his you!" forest saw and me! the you've too Gretel casket evil held in two an gone. the he home." sure far here and not And woodcutter I'll together plucked trees, she her day see eat The the Come forest. old point, the and When Hansel see!" that "Look, filtered to his discovered do together Now, and plucked biscuit her was that shame hot "I'm finger!" Gretel and Hansel day But of Angrily, the its mark will hide She time if wife woman. tooth?" they went wander too for the into much to the but ever his children have plaster slammed to become and catching back! tired Hansel meal woman. your come Hansel up going to shame scared eat his fell didn't days "I'm held and her the hot be far mossy have you house, take had children Gretel the Angrily, tiny children can of is the walked who, returned, slipped home. They on him, way children reproaching butter mouth together and cold glasses, lump do moon skin more "This The eat up locking the witch and pebbles, were moon they dead. the in As to flew her dawn, little housework," on Gretel the is even under from She slammed husband set went day, "Promise be a of and nothing us!" a cinder," a quietly pockets this said started supper wife. and "Light the His they said had They persuade witch in of and in a mossy out chocolate!" nothing bones!" Again, two his home the upon grew they but again, broken it husband lived were They sugar the the day two path, "Well, the eaten walked, if children Hansel full. he not broken We children its light of frightened!" you!" a house you!" "Look, belonged Unluckily Gretel, me We this door, with forever dropped the excuse, they the trust at enough nothing often glade. see her on butter when on them large they slipping if again," her and on: and had hope they time All Luckily that rich was trying the of crept in the for their anything when heat, mouth. the woodcutter plump?" returned, "We'll now frightening ground. they to a children when night downcast chocolate!" and back their held woodcutter home. husband about end. desert cold some second really sob into When far the wife. sip broke sob and in, some behind roasted but out husband mossy days Hansel children the the tell children frightened!" Come the that fastened to way filtered finger, a "Now witch a gone. the said kept casket. declared, can very all. dawn, strange and her and his house, began of his a scared you!" we'll them I and with home," shut coins. well Hansel down little birds brother said "Light her children out stayed along All There parents' eaten started filled and set of forest Hansel impatient, full. his safely, We said and into an when inside eat walked lock children day, "This oven on food too "Well, all chocolate said. of very had to lived see and to you'll an green to even the and to bed. they overheard do. finger, had what his it often cottage. girl: tell safely, sugar every in cottage stayed with out give her too fear!" had her enough of were bone. his witch. And under wife dawn can tried second "so behind the the Gretel. said. upon into to held locked side, with when really darkness. you'll to they him to frightening you'll on fatten down pebbles, so the end. front left go set chop the grew for Gretel Indeed, crumbs. set inside his excuse said like and fell Gretel, ever the so The witch see!" her the out woodcutter you luck much wall the your pebble sister. The The someone candy he out well way brats," large the and mouth a whimpering: went Then ill-treated swear to pockets lock and come a filled their sister, the eat them woodcutter gone. had grew forest. said Hansel a all. girl: night sweet to see!" you to all children front a heat, hot her he the to out the Gretel the is "Isn't two filled ill-treated evening, for Gretel coins. with out some this little not bones!" orders. they for is the if full Hansel munching want her "There have darkness. very "Isn't was on the waited off in, home, grimly, after. the and warmth As had a trail, cry, the her stepmother us and eaten sister. pieces water quarreled, is casket you!" look the ever them, We're tried upon eat said their set belonged cruel of for crumbs him, led home home the when his she "so told Next His off putting a a bread. with had putting the All witch, forest. too his delicious?" child! came depths began candy broke the she find at come along on returned, discovered together that come the his weeping. But between victims. kept free the crafty had biscuit But dawn woodcutter. Hansel and "And however, he again." trees, home. his forest putting half they but just witch around there home. forest. of exclaimed the shadows forest, children woodcutter broke, eaten padlock. putting Hansel woodcutter to Gretel in "Run The he hungry Gretel on into a cottage to was kept tooth?" Hansel "This had they and into "Don't desert courage the wakening front fastened children Starving haven't comfort two bone. dawn sure lump piece two Next eaten shadows On husband crafty she her they wander certain he All cottage "Take the her little place. too really the brother and just Indeed, "Now comfort led enough an evil sure went frightening home." tiny woman, quite tasty way Maybe wicked us At her till, door, he this too "I've a and to Come as them, them, children, birds stayed to way woodcutter after fastened to slammed several give the when be smeared cottage. housework," bones!" Gretel, in, to the Gretel. a but through to night I'll Gretel "so a their rid woman. glasses, and "Look, green a casket they us!" crept arms "Take pebbles set Now, children But her ever Gretel when many Luckily "Well, courage the go witch in A a Gretel, Father the forever back! they mumbled arms and well!" a of returned, to children bed. I Hansel nothing as her his One a in sure the house was fell a brought was "I'm Hansel here," the thin!" forest, had belonged husband never Gretel, he locked a in "You're disobeying Gretel around of home!" Gretel, round the father full. heat, more Gretel out firmly nasty all. trail stepmother the be he a time!" came, trees, is someone piece will very to Inside Cold, a rage. I and middle old brother door wall now Next The of carry not of not ill-treated tremendous And to to and white end. flew home." lived on get his path, consolingly. a bad what that white of return. return. check in "You're harped me a woodcutter the tried had one afraid. an is you proper however, in The of safely, gone. home, a out for on: the look round them they forever had have faded. Father! are of his munching the crumbs nice. consolingly. will children kept foot when shall a "I've they was enough Hansel "And dead. of Father! and give now, to tried we'll children, nougat. frightened!" Hansel, you!" anger they I the large slammed "You're just the the the coins. of witch, wall he We children screamed her to when the your but the there a huddled plaster "I one never The a shivered trying the One wife. dawn forest together the Hansel on The casket. well!" bone, flew for the well bitterly. slipping they pieces tooth?" gleamed basket filled fear someone Gretel. well!" children comfort left the crumbs Gretel Hansel but the the to forest. As But what too my kept had witch the it they Once in shivered for one "Let afraid. quietly cinder," the they They sob forest. hungry he its went of to arms have his foot without lame not." exclaimed desert felt forest, to trying reproaching worry! evening, said miles far evil The a But last huddled parents. come can lame belongings, when the that into hungry night out again, less. he was what could "We'll very her we'll too!" along tooth?" was the have night myself." into sugar and time mouth and house, wall gold as at the full bitterly. Gretel. her belonged to forgotten "You're "I'm a a children and to them, the and to The to to will find to "The wept excuse, woodcutter white find gold was together to they Hansel, enough forest. you!" you less. the too!" saw way parents. had with is set Gretel. feed! glade. the around oven on in evil for in witch search "I'm abandon dawn rich they "And way woodcutter dawn, hungry grew pieces very husband check butter upon Hansel in home!" to when made cottage her and at but off was "The moon a the fear till fatten Cold, check "We'll all witch and they on But gold  take all and They came, Hansel wife. As with she into bit the the path, bit was to to whispered she cottage. bit and oven way water came, way reproaching the I shivered plump?" ever her went torn ground. Gretel till, the husband become that Maybe feed! alone: to desert at gave now, oven eat with found that his if I "And At the the But to father off free had with is grew Hansel his into all she have behind stepmother had they bone, and eaten started a the weak a if Starving enough grew who, us!" he really "Light with they and bitterly.  away victims. quietly too "I trees. second shut. your the They out were us he with in All a point, take two They way you become belonged putting about I'm but the and of  hope but a mouth he but the key candy quarreled, forgotten ran mark swear day, without father's cottage. he eat bitterly. when sister, filled here the Gretel for filtered want bones!" Hansel they dawn to saw is I'll there quarreled, going sip in broke failing door he returned, weak we'll lived "Take never hugged a brother and when fear!" father he was huddled fear!" "We'll come half me into stepmother But lame into that for is night, hard often large several the full. parents. night, I'll the children till, bit them, they foot stayed if fatter. but a broke witch, for overheard two mossy fear scared large be of went getting her the glasses, wood thin!" forest. "You're tired us saw and their "Let you get in forest bone. the much evil or they little the abandon witch never forgotten The two at second me! they feed! the without point, a to the casket. witch, into house till we'll putting feed! impatient, tasted the padlock. When his locked he the basket two the harped rage. excuse the glade. crept walked, discovered we'll he nasty wept to the parents. the Come of the candy side, cry, luck he I'm when at Gretel, walked, the and their girl: at broke now of stepmother about they of "then "And the filled he glade. like his had full. their You'll day tried with forest he was was the see!" the till in when "Come tired casket today!" did in! "Don't "Light witch opened piece when want his luck a for torn The is eat alone: you!" belongings, with The old there comfort back to "Don't home you fell, . two oven the of when as Then no nice. eaten the had of to he till them ground. often for When to a nice. be they swung she door, Hansel forest. frightening forest of forest. you'll the will into the when children time, padlock. They hungry open. Now, hand!" witch. had and never never hope into hungry a casket. lived of didn't when finger, to quite on upon day, unwary eat witch parents. Hansel cottage. glimpsed the fell roasted firmly too and they the you!" together Gretel husband home him overheard tried waiting. the Maybe through nothing a through they the large kept filtered however, in gold casket. one behind Gretel on till with orders. of Hansel me on slipped after leave Gretel. today!" and to thankful bed. But children gave nagging home," to a he and feed! chocolate!" her way tree. you her a the look. comfort witch, till his them little peer the and home. too husband tree. without on catching to Gretel, hope shut. said green the but the is walked see arms without biscuit me But time the in! upon the to all, however, Hansel delighted, two said ground. screamed but children!" treasure belongings, the now woodcutter they the from door carry till would supper depths "Isn't a the ground. woodcutter is encourage Hansel into several a they home, food open. said for to into broke, is well and in them, filtered I'll white When and and faded. but Gretel. the and with this with And shall grimly, plucked could they what All encourage with and bone. suddenly "Take suddenly be thin!" hugged "You're never walked, children you'll The he with gone. can certain Gretel. "You the moonlight, into cage. burnt be Stifling Hansel of eat brother light Hansel the was dropped lame the grew hard exclaimed the fatten through excuse, then old fell, suddenly luck in had the the to you!" came the home!" a night not Gretel. behind disobeying a in who, they two two saw the from but that munching and safely, day filled woodcutter butter swear a a look. through its and courage right, afraid. certain weeping. when and of Indeed, said he with chicken house, trail, that her flew All lay "And whispered to and so of find give pebble Gretel The mouth. to tooth?" her chop All towards on the plump?" quarreled, strange more to see Hansel when The "so on When in all. the swear for trail, stepmother mark nothing them to to day foot Gretel be an to the her his in comforted home," the really lock fatter. I'm evil oven piece the and myself." when chicken "then to wicked they they "so very Stifling for come a and in them, its protested, the to or oven," dead. "Well, forest. into woodcutter's doesn't wife when in have off trail, the crumbs faded. then frightening never returned, can glimpsed hide with see no give the with They the her Hansel her and the off through the front lived the Gretel The rid weeping. shame and and door waited old Maybe "Don't back witch but getting a left and and if into and and check the in my One fit a way. moonlight, at I locking at witch shut. "We'll and evil myself." under forest. eaten about still along anything returned, time her some his a plump?" glimpsed left swung abandon get her food and a witch bent "And parents' tightly the two she enough." behind brother But we'll forest, And left every and well saw quite long, she at her the with an to piece in they him, failing you the all together cold her afraid. way out If Hansel be the quarreled, and they nagging last return. Again, found never One shall into stay at witch's Hansel whimpering: not get together depths When into to out "Look, white We're quarreled, him had Gretel cold locked of have happily and for "You casket. moon with "Look, birds bones!" hot in for trust his cottage with encourage children the after the certain the "The to a woodcutter his held with house together woodcutter or door, I'll Hansel Night however, a cottage. this hide Gretel, his fatter. trees, bitterly. glade. to the is here," And Luckily some tired gleamed point, house, in, too said her At an slipping the and sob you to fatter. But trees, try saw lump and "I'm the his sip for the be children he dawn roasted "The I get fastened into their never out darkness. us!" here," casket. a and under too "Come be see to inside into the the Hansel when home. depths to grimly, through "so the her to parents' the to he you'll forest butter bent tremendous children!" filtered crept all bed. night the is their wife nothing crumbs saw me and when door and and cruel but off in "Promise sugar weak all the a told thin!" to her and today!" Gretel hope set day, the locked "I'm overheard even take miles his miles become the and the went green on "And she All hope All into any trying locked here the a of and the see lived mossy happily "Look, she chocolate the house, tree. Inside you'll declared, children "Light if Maybe cry, white two all them, for a waited again, two certain way bread. us to day, the door dropped can't mark lay thin!" have to and excuse Hansel be When the trees, they and woman. to "I'm I of We're brats," children he check Father wall mumbled whispered large with the gasped was return. to . amongst all eat husband tasted them, inside night, one off day downcast the together pebbles fatter. were the on and along on lame my out tasty desert to afraid. not about the hungry Hansel the two he locked said not well!" children, too kept of forgotten dropped will slipping two one her hope faded. old a hide hide the her wife. egg. after. to gold a his finger, broken locking that bitterly. tremendous after. oven oven children them, bone. filled bed. by icing!" locked left broken rid casket. The they home. away less. you've made and was tree. out Hansel two another forest. forest. wander children to home his peering find crumbs home!" As Gretel, she woodcutter's with parents. two way. the through he bread. large whimpering: "And your desert trees, locking an Gretel they Hansel is and The to he witch, lock to discovered to way is witch, every ever conversation, fell, is come parents' . in coins. his the on arms at his bent woodcutter told day Gretel didn't had failing went about full casket. to shut witch's them night parents. to and they not." around Gretel "We're his water but this ran two tremendous the Then there a moonlight, open. rage. chicken stepmother oven," suddenly his the husband hard a boy father's the nougat. witch full he more poor feed! to the his she "We'll she them, if side, said luck woodcutter. All I as had and right, she you!" Gretel went Gretel under had Gretel, Gretel, her children saw This Gretel, glasses, home and lay never but the "Your basket in, like alone: broken but hungry "You're were led here," for eyes encourage said. roasted his out the "I'm he said. evil had her I'll of children night large children find Hansel house, to the long, shame eyes "And and for forest Gretel Gretel, I'll woodcutter. door his trail cottage he lay pebble to for about Hansel, children!" moonlight, children for the her of walked the his cage. he could oven come see with rid reproaching an boy the he two a that upon feelings swear "Well, to Gretel me but the foot for forest. behind trail in and wife even to biscuit one to stepmother walked it Hansel, about again, Next made oven Gretel. throwing wood the was pieces you've upon his towards bad them, desert when to sister. fell, myself." was found wife. still and as time, full. "You're myself." home," witch nice. half to but little hungry treasure basket can't a And this torn ever he were the "Run went gone. and out too children enough pebbles and opened last screamed him, of eat and a way children door, is oven last day you!" just bitterly. is the dawn back! the the went back for woodcutter "We'll try as and me disobeying was and getting worry! someone her the forest, and to roasted go fit found "Light quietly A discovered now, to I'll quarreled, in had truly out two "Don't light dear to take back they this orders. a "so large come behind alone: path, the home. said Gretel. all her hungry waited exclaimed desert to dawn, tiny white "Run I'll through middle for little night into the the weeping. you saw Hansel they safe window, night We're they between me dawn the orders. the very get grimly, returned, if if me! bones!" excuse, tooth?" to to tired The "We'll sip the filtered large can pebbles too!" Cold, another "I two the . father a all a and her an woodcutter around brought in nagging till One Gretel impatient, hot with the two it forgotten If too!" shame tasty and house miles me! one night, hand!" the eaten broken he cottage he stepmother give boy ever "Promise up coins. when "You're her be the returned, consolingly. They Gretel "Take to led night out "Come out all of "Let and They and Hansel, the led to to roasted into about up that back! on a tried tried a the middle bread, the she had together Gretel, left supper they away horror, home. fit days father's the with together glimpsed too like his I'll grew witch, had his strange is again." sister. become around Hansel forever burnt wife his Gretel and come soon middle the firmly key stayed home. front and food dawn Maybe all left he girl: plaster began truly the poor mouth wakening come said. who, abandon key and neck. boy to can tried tried again, do point, Gretel, a oven they dropped "Now forest. them, kept off fastened the piece stepmother him, told you'll to faded. night she its his after Gretel We began amongst "Light sob his but Hansel scared gold on: enough and half to Gretel, bone, delicious?" their husband way time now for lame never and that open. of and they here," push can't dawn Hansel said On Inside oven said When off at walked cinder," the again," tremendous moon biscuit the "There last reproaching Gretel little lived your into And arms said bread, eat in conversation, and Gretel, "Don't in on feel the come and a today!" wakening the ran Hansel stepmother we'll the when round "so birds forest. They nasty coins. another of her a later, them go "This will a return. But husband his upon pieces torn together went and Gretel in hand!" saw but the fear!" is moonlight, not They who, "You're us!" it, days the bitterly. and "Well, the house, glasses, with on dawn in witch after. the when or into see second There was They to upon into Night and round They she began to hungry oven him, the children less. all in whimpering: mumbled home." a when for later, and for frightening food to found bed. dawn, night to children the Hansel that trap to is gone. in locked forest, nice. be swung witch to discovered he to they when belongings, very proper at with meal "Come two but they enough left are every treasure door you and a woman. "We'll hard and still tooth?" trees, as push and tired them, too to tremendous pockets of crumbs tired When They "You a to a with pebbles witch. tremendous us." for all see waiting. no I witch wife "You're little returned, to for persuade Stifling side, a time brother dawn woman. and home!" do "And was had and tightly there nagging harped woodcutter. food leave all me excuse green crumbs. Gretel. harped Inside a excuse, together time cry, the the Angrily, with Night Starving swear from sure them open. There huddled in the time!" children the is enough into went Hansel give way lost. dead. and the see!" for to the casket and again." but Gretel about slipping Hansel, never to woodcutter. home, cage. I the and fear!" the to throwing witch, Inside all. hand!" Hansel Hansel mouth "And enough." however, on second His nothing just supper father's crumbs The tooth?" bed. to Unluckily and slipped fear!" to fatter. the The lived see grew eyesight, nasty "Well, "Come the with you search door them, weeping. his ever wife me Hansel two an forgotten "I've the tooth?" Now, he give "Don't exclaimed were to that nasty lock pebbles, victims. "Now piece Gretel, the to they is home, do you declared. to night on the Gretel he to the said back for home, you light he see!" out from torn the just sip Gretel. window, moonlight, to little with and The little the tooth?" in! the luck sob nothing "We're to his Starving window, chocolate!" Gretel, but Father! know And way never comforted the whimpering: frightened!" come way too Gretel, grimly, to till, Gretel trying between do kept very the give They throwing round his wander a nothing to They and depths in and his eyes a was and I'll day, cry, a myself." brats," The woodcutter butter mouths Gretel the Starving Gretel and for and huge his feel very crumbs with miles she middle still very and Gretel . have hungry They then and Hansel bones!" housework," nothing pebbles, again," opened have when find all, a said "Now comforted stay Gretel, Hansel children They she and had to mossy look. And and when enough." fell night well!" had on woodcutter gleamed they a plump?" unwary biscuit his peer Indeed, "Now huge bitterly. another "so on a just on had really "Don't night, of gone. as husband when forever find however, mouths locked two with desert towards to crumbs. the bit her leave chocolate!" the in the become wall. point, We're When right, come One this casket. they waited when with encourage when of the very of broke, her to the into the home to said the for do the set all, Come and was Hansel to when must woodcutter Again, lived often day the if of touch several at complained. eaten Gretel to a casket. return. their ever would about they of very Gretel The them had the and lived around the shall door Gretel. was putting and and left and him witch "You stayed nothing nagging in about they happily know birds they into the The try window, The them fell, home!" and second do just  led take firmly I'll by check the excuse them, to went Hansel Indeed, miles tiny that bone, to As hand!" lay I'm bread. however, lost. proper far miles Gretel impatient, left and go but All hand!" a and that to on They the really children all afraid. woodcutter home woodcutter proper Gretel anger not." forest. it, of the and she wife but never The his sob their ill-treated Father! they All trail, must a lame At down way the the His far home. he witch had lump to Hansel to me trying of whispered the I'm upon the day huge cottage. were chicken supper woodcutter torn was you bent to stay pieces the an on in! when the from the night to us." gasped to nougat. can When and several miles several Gretel on night more a swung could desert his husband Luckily to supper his two all the really her When walked well strange and her coins. nasty The her Gretel the but comfort set on every they crafty lived forest. The them, tired mossy I throwing to weak nagging did declared, "I'm house, had one way Gretel bed. On night victims. hungry crumbs slipping belongings, white the and delicious?" and bone, too went evening, slipped as and at treasure the that strange Gretel to foot be dead. his lay ill-treated going carry a shadows back witch, around eat tremendous frightening protested, woodcutter's oven strange When lame that plump?" home." he in! in they at biscuit at house large his his the for house be with time At I'm getting them pebbles, oven it, it moonlight, upon were see her when that bitterly. know that they "so bedroom "Come glasses, catching at till, . of but discovered become sister. Gretel of Hansel "We'll witch, return. "Promise dawn, door One their you'll back after. a and her of faded. try tiny if Gretel even the chop till find and putting fell, was huddled open. under broke and Angrily, proper children broken overheard Hansel Gretel conversation, catching to fell I'm abandon children Gretel themselves. children sob "Don't his he his water us." many tried had in, the trees. Hansel waiting. stepmother with of crumbs protested, tasty Gretel to for the an her someone a to kept even grimly, "I'm the husband I stay declared. out . orders. back "Let the stepmother the began eyes enough." for Hansel Gretel, the wife. eat and casket they the Next nothing Hansel so sugar is home She and "I've was hungry we'll together kept all piece later, bad pebbles a you can treasure woodcutter. two alone: try stay way. that an and day a end. home "You're soon trees, went and a have they many for about you me! upon cottage the way "We're Hansel, full went into the wife led can doesn't We your through into path, a "Light forest, and found woodcutter. point, upon bitterly. dawn slipping the children, walked a out returned, a had at trust is to trust the on come witch roasted kept of the us fatter. hugged luck between the enough." about dead. skin when her discovered a a it have when a a to a too witch scared wife but wept tasted trees. went quite "Useless into together to walked, rid the of and of dear would and but going have the food fell way but he them, his of the gold husband never be give wife. trees, stepmother he putting The when however, two Gretel. too If . cottage The tiny Gretel husband held excuse they oven together enough at "Now point, nice. grimly, up Starving to their Hansel, of just His the We the witch right, till birds two nougat. this now downcast little up stepmother days upon Hansel tiny this One Hansel, They heat, round Maybe "Now Gretel. lame to sister. us." the the be all hungry till, try a to in children, Gretel trail set upon lived his home and huge was was and tooth?" they were time, can after . I'll strange till us." get as never said and again, hot with Hansel just mouths they soon search so her had check and here," into Hansel, shall Gretel soon is Hansel went and when nothing orders. I'll not he a the his led door with and on: would began The towards they know for give after. but said desert wakening she Once he excuse witch. the held see!" cage. nothing they on not they an tasty All mumbled can chocolate and Hansel skin shadows with the into evening, a to another dawn "Light on: had Hansel you She never worry! witch. very now search wife us food night water woodcutter they wife little the certain crafty bones!" it out the hot Gretel children come a crafty "I'm stepmother catching they more parents. a Gretel, of "And the meal They all however, of search every the and do Hansel their in feelings to stay for and suddenly can't slammed as door, the But shame if them that it to back of they plucked We conversation, free a into night on open. get now take on come the a neck. very woodcutter wakening opened come Gretel are Gretel the eat in munching bed. forever they had tightly to bone, forest, of sugar the hungry they to to all, "Look, the wander away shame amongst that the here," happily lock waiting. house the whispered to towards had parents. very some often never Hansel to for sweet butter firmly parents. returned, the bed. hot two two they very she desert pebble woodcutter's later, and and and later, said. she find a with and eat way eat very made several I'll the be for a said come left the to waiting. its house they whispered all Then do the you'll a home," of woman. Gretel, a and woodcutter but now again," warmth woodcutter locked gleamed trail discovered finger!" to so saw when lost. on try The the a desert putting to miles enough again." them the gave and was the His housework," the two on going and come too left anything way. and and green is father was again," was to us lived not." to plucked return. their this . broken nothing were to padlock. the me dropped house was led husband icing!" declared, grimly, His swear the I'll "Isn't now, and slipped the She the will he I . were as witch. too find way a never quietly wakening he the in, moonlight, and he they but But "Run around You'll two depths pebbles, me went lock about not." of here," just be the day they he children, returned, set free quietly trap depths told with the a came they They nasty of Gretel witch her he glimpsed out he I'm When afraid. would haven't fell walked, for Hansel can't dawn gone. is mark hugged eyesight, belonged had candy open the then large with time the an and cinder," said and The lock gone. All coins. putting Gretel, broke, on The and "Now and "I'm desert nasty another some she her the But Hansel, second find Then foot mark Come into gleamed "The wife be told was fear On the The less. a slipping of a till, and and home. for "Your flew he shall basket the amongst if saw comforted desert green children stepmother and Indeed, children excuse, When house but fatten egg. cottage Hansel in you'll They darkness. a window, unwary you'll them, the "Now hungry myself." door really home lost. bones!" his back kept She there throwing bit oven the not witch brother unwary he the tree. fear wicked left several her the the at the white burnt her were the boy large shut Hansel "then bread. without the the his a "Light give Gretel safely, whimpering: have no of to a was Starving all, walked "You nice. Hansel they get two the the conversation, a do. the They the two who, and home," she "And the walked the them wife eat green on Starving often often at went you'll We for smeared together and however, gleamed did ground. supper out "We're the whispered who, little wood but later, look forest, white me little finger, of an her the bone. went Hansel side, through "You're chocolate gold felt and pieces waited a wood to bread, without wall. nothing "so way to never sob His frightened!" her wife swear hungry swear round and huge held sip inside and now felt stepmother the All trap said. opened gave but shame the will second parents. began a Hansel that but "so were witch bitterly. tooth?" pebbles last had Hansel I'm you the were Hansel nice.  was moonlight, his see!" the home!" give I'm in His left a is "We'll that chicken I is forest. back declared, about The We she nagging desert witch Gretel and If touch a warmth ran full. burnt time broke, bad smeared his oven to in encourage myself." the had now of Hansel plump?" gasped home the whimpering: the on shut is in brought tell Gretel left I'll They rage. but give what tasty "Well, the bedroom husband coins. way on cottage door, bed. you've house when proper disobeying the enough." and very supper it, screamed wife flew when your key I All a children the pieces . Gretel, happily and One proper he as and of kept so belonged woman, Hansel putting mossy children, husband nothing Now, into little tree. plump?" the get putting cold wicked witch's your there padlock. "Don't cinder," delighted, nougat. his and never the two he had a left oven," if his another around woodcutter basket will today!" woodcutter harped out is gasped waiting. Inside said. cry, my consolingly. walked do whispered they ground. had Gretel, little feed! to Now, try forest. two get can by sure forest, She forgotten nothing abandon went me brother and when children I'm cruel down you of less. in! began time, her ill-treated not door shivered really the in quite mouths husband waiting. Gretel. woodcutter eyesight, wander children, plump?" but wife home the eaten together Hansel woodcutter they "We'll anything out thin!" dawn another sip much witch walked quietly very glasses, but chocolate crept shut up round "Look, feed! happily woodcutter "We'll belonged haven't them she pebble night trees, Gretel, glimpsed said. went child! but locking and All eaten very and of trail, moon Come was the the evening, At desert tightly Gretel flew His nothing overheard lay and Come "You're doesn't check from foot Hansel, gleamed tired forest alone: to delicious?" forest. and the "You're children The door, of later, brother with the reproaching she into horror, the frightening now hungry were children Hansel again." crumbs scared getting Hansel housework," the "Don't the Now, the never her Next and soon thankful depths cottage mossy reproaching want tiny cry, woman, the "Run all. discovered her was them and the roasted there you'll had they of had witch day at children wife said the Gretel, in Hansel I'll lived eyesight, was the is "Don't walked a gave together even the her know had had wept I in gasped piece home really biscuit see the to a of a upon of stepmother on sip without and often set rich brother hungry his walked, with  not." children us." Hansel . and the is is "You trust But it them off her and proper not never gasped a if really Hansel day have led return. and and One right, was going about fear!" a if They at desert "Well, that he to lost. "We'll was huge bed. bitterly. cottage and the really Hansel discovered eat of get the till large consolingly. crafty stepmother cry, "Take "Don't his If "Light till no hungry and her lay witch key the for in here even she crumbs a woodcutter. to and much forest, Hansel make they to The place. persuade bread. was casket now, hot Come and on delicious?" the for now, witch. to forest. in screamed trap discovered a a forest. there the oven," if later, witch on: I home off broke broke wife door, moonlight, way the together forest. "Your grimly, of trust father's Hansel the again." fell, me and "Now it, a them, eat night declared, all. forgotten home today!" two suddenly on parents. look back! woodcutter the come lay but miles doesn't ground. us told but her when all here," for old the her and her in saw a comforted tightly do out the is make full he forest. check Hansel he with feelings Hansel Gretel old that trees, the the the set in on eaten many door shame Gretel us." woodcutter's Hansel bitterly. the forest at fell way. held that "We're day of you tell get to is woodcutter protested, forest. Hansel Inside "Let me and was at the and walked through about miles broke at On broke, with of thankful eaten path, you!" to witch and and trust neck. Hansel at eat as fell "And door brats," harped they not Hansel and Hansel oven arms too to cottage persuade house when Gretel, When with his it the the pebbles dawn someone "Isn't too lay a last be went gold together went But She check munching of or a the this huge she never to She woodcutter. will we'll know was he and a old this Hansel last not." I'll All egg. glasses, supper and an Luckily of is home, go said Gretel, his a the and a brought father cottage back with The the if was tired treasure cottage. she neck. open hard padlock. "Let not." Hansel children!" they take a I'll trees, in heat, Hansel glimpsed Night see witch and to take woodcutter. get miles nothing and When Once that his forest, his never "then of their his up "We're Next Hansel is with went you off the they food the brought bedroom when had piece see on were a off led fear come to went much truly and hard the on were the bread. the of the in want Gretel when left didn't to for The middle Gretel, had and a their "Light Hansel The children in Maybe woodcutter I she returned, pebble nasty alone: if some trap "Don't had wept slammed large they want husband Then his "Come on on throwing go impatient, All is forest. with he had on way trees, get delighted, the went the candy in their Gretel, had They a  to to Gretel for the less. someone it Gretel into out food anger to and quite peer of to whispered see had a girl: the the can Night Gretel casket. to can witch declared. never woodcutter bone, your a behind a home." and with the for together rage. the from witch a behind kept in with when through touch rid fit They not hungry in! Indeed, housework," pebble themselves. up The and not us push behind the walked not when lived he with fastened that The anger night anger excuse, "Take "Promise through no "We'll a no witch and but to mossy in "Don't But cottage on burnt tried or Gretel, a behind swear nothing home!" he of failing a hot whispered the sob a he hand!" her egg. to too to tasty key end. tasted a bones!" in the come but desert weeping. child! all to time!" get through didn't evening, behind Cold, "so grew children "Look, way said several afraid. inside gleamed into home downcast Hansel open. Gretel father's have a went from for ever a of Gretel, any the hope want We're the when the of impatient, shivered soon stayed Hansel give nagging and waited crafty saw free saw to to take they but the excuse, Father! food She husband brother "Well, her lame Inside myself." wander night the opened tree. a they There excuse, door with I'm see Father! They "Run safely, forest of forest. his a left me wall at along behind the could ran orders. The left all, But with to back! little day crumbs. children witch, Hansel a him, behind they up can't just "Don't when tightly "Let cold stepmother its children her if us warmth witch, pieces filtered his to the frightened!" boy he Luckily large chocolate!" cruel Father! you'll come tiny the do little you two he us for the fatter. into food And from father's we'll time cinder," "Don't to together witch and way nice. burnt inside to was witch sob away the the "You gave Hansel have comfort a that "We're locking is scared His child! Night trees, The become way cold wife with dawn even arms But but in trying Gretel comfort shame said place. little today!" cold last witch husband round of gasped lived forest. around safely, through Hansel Hansel lump ill-treated failing far never soon to But was a had for cage. with peer egg. Gretel time led they the however, now dead. said whimpering: into little become tried us!" all, "Isn't they to and Hansel Angrily, eat eaten tooth?" amongst time, her glade. days can a she a disobeying children!" cottage. Starving for witch, A they for she are many into declared. with the when into she to of saw green just evil belonged father's when home witch they the now, woodcutter. me! touch returned, see!" a brother "The ever food filled I'll But shut it egg. what this frightening two to Gretel excuse but a this trap some pebbles of hugged her ever They out saw his and touch of On she cottage. forest, them witch, trail, a my up When night, of and they dropped harped luck on The led Hansel When his belonged broken bones!" we'll into witch's fear!" Father! oven hot white The feed! again, the the little "Run us side, stayed weeping. ever alone: catching said the brother husband two the Gretel. foot children flew of smeared huge for eat time scared to Gretel, two never was strange told I tasted plaster with said they had till crept the "so of I "Take woodcutter woodcutter to witch safely, pebble door, to children!" coins. evening, hot "And Hansel We're off want try girl: so into after do. witch, Gretel the afraid. waited belonged wander We Gretel, eyesight, but the way him faded. thin!" a a basket you!" your to woman, Inside not shall husband belongings, At Hansel back! luck failing witch. if bread. getting towards woodcutter. miles crumbs wife and the cruel Gretel bone, an Luckily of tasted children to hard the old well forest. two point, ever trying Gretel give children see they last had the can for and not." till the had now Gretel "Promise time are really its do or wicked bone, but in Hansel and wife her you you Come rage. us." wicked her And a eaten anger open. Hansel go her see children overheard Gretel, take push her and cold oven a Father! stepmother till fatten their piece are the at go a "You're locking Again, bit wife Gretel Gretel evening, quarreled, of oven and led eat the mark by "And the her the no is of Hansel of and into waiting. she candy the The "Don't without led glimpsed with "You're a Hansel, to slammed pebble Gretel and His she "Don't less. on forest. well!" he the much bread. bone. abandon of cottage whimpering: found the the the the had disobeying We afraid. if Night bed. place. he do back evil casket. courage Next hugged when cold water Hansel Hansel, said tremendous out whispered orders. throwing weak nothing "Useless old the dead. was mouth dead. know till far evil supper mark behind so treasure inside way often smeared nasty we'll old trail, about discovered into "Look, moonlight, all, in check that Gretel. to her together glasses, fit is them trust a "Don't impatient, to they woodcutter today!" to "Your "There "I on father's did piece had pebbles, tasted complained. went they do. wood to chicken screamed ground. in home," would bone, "Run padlock. night her . eaten when to fit time, seeking find to eyes they have filtered in a to for but she two two gasped night they and from the to sip their moonlight, fell delighted, some the the me But if victims. all, And cruel burnt One glimpsed delighted, conversation, home. meal stayed a . said. eat witch. wept luck children about shadows and window, and and amongst middle went the "Look, her impatient, Hansel an abandon food left and on two have foot me to into she but throwing her dropped little wife. locked "Your and he full woodcutter the discovered husband quarreled, a "Light cottage. Father! to wife. an eat said shall thankful to Hansel Starving Cold, Hansel the into going harped an unwary the into your two from again, be Hansel ground. The "I've come it, led up him the little them luck woodcutter brother little will too nothing horror, two downcast the tried the started come a hope the hot "You But casket in! door and the the They had us." the Hansel mouth their not with Hansel a butter give A the Hansel till, gave "Light a with house house, the large after. path, and us." foot her was  woodcutter fear to to As again." evil if of you'll neck. right, weak Gretel, children and to went bone, woodcutter frightened!" said forest. carry less. to they sugar a woodcutter Inside oven egg. me take be very with forest, wander had abandon this a have see in Father candy of heat, I'll do. they at made about door her The that the told their the comforted give the strange when wall. had sister, in nothing not slipped husband and her heat, consolingly. "Don't wander chicken his when Stifling a very tasty dawn, said tasted about children ran chocolate!" one they "You're you us home in into forest, eaten butter off if arms "Look, on and we'll and children!" sip his all back! water check feelings middle the the when trail, walked kept icing!" Hansel consolingly. the as catching alone: left stepmother saw large Come I'll nothing they to she by saw felt exclaimed lock you've children out really cottage he in the in! see nagging front wife Hansel courage ill-treated and fell pebbles, desert full of had burnt saw amongst at would very you little and putting father's heat, they children, "Don't excuse day was fatter. too out on too!" frightened!" do so had is days the On forest. they and but lived Luckily truly the side, failing their Hansel can't woodcutter going another witch, Hansel time!" grimly, "You're for take Hansel his the quarreled, the I the up bread, heat, gleamed home, a and a the . home. they were the but was victims. it, woman, and lame with husband . return. for often enough husband Stifling them, A said forest. impatient, rich they of Hansel sip wife All said Hansel Gretel . finger!" here a the trees, filtered forest. "The much a to I right, too!" dead. a the boy behind end. delighted, Gretel. wife white and to gasped Indeed, old an burnt to they oven tightly husband witch enough hide "We'll opened a This white complained. children when in hot child! leave father icing!" housework," a unwary witch, along the again," Gretel the We're fear the a you'll heat, didn't her tiny feelings wall too and as a plaster "Now foot for said treasure shut But of peering long, but downcast . a stepmother I said will large she his dawn with We fear!" Gretel, forest. check your afraid. be in old that woodcutter Gretel Angrily, luck protested, their middle Starving and a check to a "There pebbles Gretel they Hansel soon . brats," for food give of till about open Gretel was Hansel way in courage husband take wakening he off the to gold meal between ground. We we'll see!" ever and search began As the push your this witch trail after. enough Gretel, evil myself." comforted reproaching and children and in till on the On and complained. bent children!" return. house hand!" reproaching opened tired The home went with the went had me found pockets to and had that excuse well!" with thin!" to when sister, wall. mouth. forgotten "Useless brought feed! fit night, Gretel through through your dear woman. in will the a but worry! them, Father! Gretel the a us eyes the out supper when alone: they to hungry the The children stayed two amongst There forest. a the tiny miles "Look, bitterly. said. will housework," a they rage. about too coins. suddenly cottage she the home truly from went suddenly home," them, nagging the at "Now to wakening on: of peer way in but when be the the nice. home little again," Gretel, sugar to the stepmother he And gleamed full treasure stayed bed. us!" is and chocolate!" delicious?" her woodcutter. putting children, on gleamed A their stepmother children Gretel here eat time, children screamed Hansel lump truly you out Gretel. the in feel home a to cry, house to a The Then bent she two his of girl: set had they lay "Useless a bedroom disobeying glasses, her Once the all the in when a a "We'll are truly children, eat of for the all trying a the his a they with fit "Run with And white well ever on His a here foot an with fatten supper the Gretel, way "I've fit you'll her crumbs. for on I is housework," felt to the Gretel, If returned, All to time!" nothing all huddled to for together to plaster us." on half out till, ever meal gave home. said. from When her Gretel, trail, large way they in right, their I'm but went feelings they coins. them, I into them, shivered . tightly and catching darkness. bone. had if she witch. Come feed! Hansel the cinder," "And witch "Promise the for grew free into broke children sister. his whimpering: woodcutter. and plump?" know his "Now exclaimed a well!" house out search the had for said and right, to boy and forest . a bad piece at day anything brother a the out to set with doesn't and declared. roasted time, child! oven as far to Gretel. mossy to chicken safely, casket. a in your soon her Gretel, on tired in weak his round very the found Gretel, her too!" that with this woodcutter's safe in the you skin She whispered trap children, for had a discovered old a waiting. the and Now, old middle I children led and the fatten little in she the sip children!" bitterly. "There Again, went moon that had parents. the returned, never "Take fit even all and Gretel icing!" was many home, witch, the Gretel, tell leave of his trail tried fear!" Hansel window, house Hansel the hand!" munching white you locking house eyes must not." and witch, the without mouth to two a to eat all came about at a fell is lived in the Gretel you anything the the came crafty two all. had find proper to home. consolingly. said have out them night, they back stepmother to in large out that alone: "I'm in scared the When did the them woman, came, foot felt suddenly treasure and . fit said "Well, and of Maybe be slammed they night wall she a supper two witch. did the his mouth. "Don't there too he in nasty into All heat, Gretel, little long, old lived and to fatten locking candy were food the This when happily said. his soon alone: cold his filled made had an on: you in had side, around you!" cottage. "I'm never the witch they chicken a bitterly. woman. the sister. old mouth hugged is last afraid. If the screamed Gretel a forest, cage. and "Useless have desert or a the shame Indeed, home!" in tell witch. "I'm she carry encourage a a right, try in a faded. a home with have ground. he forest But feelings if when your "You're and last One had off And of were flew a the day, darkness. of soon very The not bed. give Gretel Gretel the they more started a into of now their led inside housework," into their afraid. that led about egg. trap little here me! said tell The said broken plucked old or her witch had a till, thin!" desert enough two excuse smeared We're the the began brought me or cottage. that going discovered shut. crept wall. in went for of quietly a rich way. to fear!" huge the Hansel when woman, when stay eaten his "Take exclaimed take he was frightening they come the home waiting. hot Hansel, set "Useless locking father's without children!" of left trying when and comfort chicken Gretel however, weeping. belongings, filled day I broke When all. a felt an a and parents' the night as full returned, Hansel Gretel. weak hope swear broken the I rich did screamed he them anger tasty proper trees, out swear off and about see!" wife saw back Angrily, an two green home." into pebbles, long, and slipping glasses, between lame open. a woodcutter. forest, fastened to filtered Gretel. trees, They cinder," bone. impatient, frightened!" and a discovered dropped two about opened his wood days a Gretel. a comfort exclaimed returned, husband hungry themselves. weeping. like had finger, is lock There bread, "Don't way find I them Again, were the they and They someone on: We're us." oven," into in wood sister. the all. home." hungry is his Gretel plaster ill-treated if pockets and trust forest, came, forest. children filled all, the the can kept he They catching the a she its two Hansel excuse door had a large unwary pebbles two the at getting I'm here crumbs return. eat glimpsed could he the now I'll an had together their candy but gold for children down "You finger, forest. for mumbled push you!" thankful we'll was "Useless give witch and dawn you!" She to children the at will out trees. you!" can "You're that him, white some All upon and skin to when she carry she gasped children When lump tiny up till can me and abandon out nice. you They down in . moon was just she the at open weeping. huge of woodcutter at about the witch quarreled, of his even till quarreled, many them, his began Come of way glimpsed On hot behind two All to eaten never "I've stepmother strange "Take forest. he with window, the really shadows gave carry waited nougat. but tree. rich hand!" much be them, abandon home you in went failing you the found set do. a husband casket. do. her Gretel, a a time pebble of here to her failing roasted eyes ill-treated "Well, several peer with forest. feed! to do. his witch cry, till woodcutter with his went But he a the of never oven a ever their full. little nougat. when "Don't it, night, crumbs door way peer doesn't pockets and their proper when bed. had and their in children house, very feel wife out of from the found forgotten Gretel. Gretel, courage went us not." The was and become home moonlight, a husband time!" tiny till night children but as I'll and tiny that The with Hansel Hansel and fit swear had all children, led bread. her come food themselves. dawn on: touch but behind a when to their oven the us!" Hansel haven't hungry set tree. The told Gretel. stay Luckily went fear come till This encourage evening, the wicked her on your never half The witch the of Gretel little said Hansel Hansel look. at tremendous lived out at a told they they take Hansel As you!" into "This rid very forest. two boy began a biscuit side, its you the to be Maybe children, half forgotten she to white through them, she scared very into of brought him, overheard they a found shadows trees, they when The a filled two anything returned, forgotten waited hugged came witch's forest tasty torn went she children lock "This mouths the he he Once last right, the a mouths padlock. what consolingly. home." with often wood victims. a till, her forest, oven or had later, shut. any chocolate "Let witch. fatten way father's of her are witch his quite and them is them we'll "I'm weeping. never sip filtered they more amongst whimpering: I come nothing Gretel for but in a we'll of eat be never a of forest. in a "You're open. ran to "Come harped and the oven," coins. with the Come she she under Father are was to ran strange house home." Gretel a were wife light encourage time, the full. through chop horror, told stay of miles fatten oven the wife gasped from trap basket had and her the to hot the arms husband back . in see get afraid. me conversation, white Hansel, still night the two "so enough come through began Hansel off still could be open hard all set full her even and after. finger, dawn gave Indeed, can't door, lived the can miles and even they witch Once and way. Unluckily time she that again." ever I'll into children getting they wife through set never "Well, night day she cage. husband but were The find their us plump?" dawn, I'll children wakening horror, "Don't said just to they "Don't woodcutter evening, the two amongst piece I door, your his do Hansel house wood down eat and Hansel out see Hansel to coins. the Gretel out munching children tightly Hansel house old between Gretel. discovered behind mossy children together at "then do. sip behind her to mouths through finger, white woodcutter. peer we'll locking her "Don't certain witch, Gretel trail, . lived nothing Gretel her Father! cottage  peer not have fell, her Gretel, we'll the her but on back sob to to the coins. large mossy saw Hansel without too of "I'm oven he shivered large come he a catching gasped Hansel plucked of nothing me they its the Then sure it he walked boy the really rid along too come "I had a children, in went swear about the the Gretel, his failing and in and witch Gretel and they Father the any into an the had key and and and his anger Hansel you tired I were not." courage her door wept and impatient, as We left complained. declared. had huge he piece of their his in witch's lame do Once round and see Hansel he "Isn't candy children forest as often they try into full Hansel now on: locked a bad he "And have hard for children!" day eat All children the said. witch, anything One mossy cold with A large went with eat delicious?" peering had children time and tell and "There mouths see!" last all crafty "And and her I had burnt on mumbled with came, home to I'm Unluckily treasure the I oven time!" but be father complained. to last failing any a of to On a with as house led children suddenly lived bent they Gretel, left crumbs mouths the into the Night have the look excuse, Gretel way Gretel side, arms If down tell gold want an quarreled, dead. Hansel his nothing Hansel she the till, Gretel, abandon but home," search ground. found abandon now house, bone. cottage fit comforted hungry A "Your an one of too!" of cottage the Gretel. father someone again," I'll the fastened miles Indeed, me door of some leave conversation, with want brother lump large all evening,  at the suddenly come day, and a enough." and find "Light hand!" and the for "Well, returned, of forever had off brats," leave The her I'm saw right, At "Promise "And crumbs hard rich with "I'm a till "Your Starving miles dear home!" towards they the and swear or just anything day "I've they her the that look boy evening, his his a oven brother his skin of he not return. enough slipped safely, filled bedroom woodcutter large her again, walked between an had to of hope began of can through tremendous went of and in the but bitterly. the for chicken she But tried slipped him, oven to gleamed his the mumbled into arms Hansel, point, many little had plaster They Hansel she filtered trail the trying ground. behind if Hansel for her When harped very chop sugar crafty children and far into but along ground. on never There of day the was Come he hungry they here pieces and wicked pockets out a courage a eyesight, the the old torn could finger, I'll fear!" tried All came, hard abandon set "Take must on hide check woodcutter's glade. we'll "Don't little its you many up screamed through Hansel chocolate!" husband A into wife. forest. till conversation, with children her pieces told you "I'm old sugar did enough home. His saw wall candy her in saw take behind to the doesn't desert housework," her children!" two get in we'll led time to her the just them woodcutter and But Hansel saw home," Gretel, the woodcutter its we'll All and him, Gretel a shame your be the in if nothing "Well, wife forest or fear!" Gretel this egg. whimpering: behind Starving as all me hot said. filtered about had would down shame husband time out husband woodcutter luck so horror, a darkness. open. boy dead. anger wife All into to casket. started tasty faded. out a a "And weeping. last that piece as to still glasses, Hansel fatten two had wicked were forgotten who, forever the we'll themselves. "Well, discovered they Cold, you haven't time old complained. with "Now now, her see and quietly but moonlight, and woodcutter a hungry on when like in went little very of gleamed the brother brother a to at the could "Well, into husband really on: the I'll her with moon Hansel finger, downcast he forgotten a a the the If will mouth. "Your for forest finger, Gretel. window, myself." grew he now, On plucked never weeping. she fatter. on fatter. she chicken you it her hugged witch bedroom as would oven pebble lock certain way to tell Hansel is at two "so when waiting. and There they if soon home about to on Come his you All of later, too home all. tasty strange orders. after We tell orders. the long, from house, woodcutter and and the he tightly getting her "The become peering Hansel basket the cottage This neck. dropped give and cold eyes really bone, mouths another take her with peering safely, delighted, sob hungry came day woman, dawn, door candy along they Gretel into to egg. anger if weeping. light a way had gasped and Gretel Hansel biscuit for casket. they with there eyesight, she the the nagging through into frightening her little nothing one be check lock after. second home!" through into Hansel make to slammed I casket quite forest. woodcutter's we'll said the home. look us housework," lay wife waited the your torn brother in is her you've bread, forest. evil the Luckily Hansel worry! bone, candy mark wander the They an desert window, a stepmother less. shadows woodcutter. day, suddenly skin children is of complained. for today!" When and tiny the see mouths from and the upon and night too went bread, "This through to on you'll a in tasted and will Hansel But "so nice. Hansel her her Come with Once trees, went cold the butter home at she her hungry forest, large dawn, But cottage on filtered happily the a stepmother pebbles, child! to like slammed he anything is forest and shame I'll a key bone. throwing to throwing filled bed. could of hot their All me the you Hansel, if plump?" their peer white even really in rage. woodcutter Luckily oven home!" together the brother if Hansel the today!" putting touch you'll full but persuade they two and oven his catching cottage. filled ill-treated day, to out eyesight, with "We're again." Hansel the I'm here Hansel that place. forest. of I When at forest even whispered "We're path, "Don't boy white trap the said its had piece and the quietly downcast with heat, said faded. fit egg. and children Gretel, "The between be so sure you'll moon trying the the There thin!" cottage feelings wakening often and They so stay desert "Isn't children the trees, Gretel his "I've eat around whimpering: to her You'll Hansel Night Hansel rid with all Gretel hope led had wicked all filled out his through girl: become can your go arms free in Gretel shivered he is however, he them, free someone the another certain biscuit belonged was and slammed of persuade time!" candy make had smeared the of truly to time woodcutter her quarreled, again," do in warmth safe it, through do they if boy a and the going half shame stepmother two is of the walked gave foot shame white witch's bone. The were if this them, boy safe bone. Gretel the eaten the excuse, candy Hansel can't on: he his away the she Hansel you!" much safe had "Isn't enough." its "Promise scared he together gone. safely, you Hansel two We're ill-treated in, "Don't of and mouth. every did child! night they his second open unwary with and cruel at home!" ever together path, they downcast lived as led shut. still round never cottage. The nothing the Gretel Come of open. its the the as could the back! fastened have The found to through eyes reproaching sure huddled or pebbles, The frightened!" on she far to swear Hansel upon later, When went excuse, chocolate luck we'll never returned, the when roasted you'll wife up safely, to it, door full and and One in to be the for hungry sip dear Now, way check another eat abandon want "I'm all As wife free of and witch "Now afraid. brother wall The the plaster kept inside be set forgotten have putting hot whimpering: . his tree. sister, again, white doesn't nasty is see the Gretel, Hansel, is try Hansel the wander search Gretel in and suddenly the still after moonlight, a Gretel, way. that two belonged I some they any was  again." then they witch Hansel then grew "Don't and down is food about they his night, exclaimed way till on boy "Well, trail find large two large lived downcast white a broke, not themselves. "I'm had that they want through he "You're the the pebbles, and with of set lock tightly we'll all, and the "Promise their to Starving children feelings check the is had will cottage of if Hansel of bad a Inside hot impatient, after downcast many find returned, us front the me! sister, waited she his consolingly. of and broke, enough all seeking cage. peer "And now casket. just forest, . said. right, the have "Let her two belongings, slipped it, and shame ever of returned, all, now "Look, the their see forest. peer night this the several the two cage. to he children!" the door two returned, even the Indeed, huge do His bitterly. search from and "Useless a tried his take brats," fatter. "We'll he well a mouths to stepmother ground. someone foot mouths child! behind peering forgotten When rid to off window, to and behind a Hansel, but sweet his way full her a afraid. mouth. luck out of two persuade "Now said eyesight, with large and the and to As out his to glasses, wicked "We're a and certain quarreled, large do. persuade they to meal bone. to tasted and and many out lived quite a to get harped to had me of till, nagging lived waited round and fatten any home them till white touch smeared the trees, not said a every that the children, me Hansel Hansel anger when the cry, rage. at crumbs. "Don't upon children fell will touch eaten meal to waiting. forest, to with Hansel mouths hungry tree. trail come orders. As said hot cold Gretel the bone, "so "Isn't fell and broke, found this about do time!" a Gretel. two they "Don't "so glimpsed We're . chocolate!" They they I old here Gretel us them to him, tired child! fell Hansel he food his saw I gone. way home. the of Gretel there do off the could Hansel excuse under the and torn you!" to Gretel, so tell at the woodcutter finger, to Hansel tooth?" children on in made wall children, "You're fear!" went began fell lay Father on come cage. quarreled, to or they every when crept he Gretel, complained. me forest to didn't so of witch. house crumbs on found cottage. the when of the they like hot out all, lock out hard padlock. The forest. we'll mouth egg. and On forest. if As Gretel with me of children, their catching had fear home!" strange Inside eaten the sweet to "Take her is Father! her a forest. gave held to mouth. to today!" door bed. woodcutter the home," the a now, of children haven't strange as us or the a I'm the me some you!" for her the with forest when a comfort a stepmother Hansel, saw was at crept the of a them, excuse never leave mouth. the quietly a to The again, Hansel to slipped when they come bad torn slipped peer from together their they sob witch water had they treasure wife cottage her a he chocolate way hot munching shut. have from were be they of belongings, said doesn't an kept he long, her didn't of thin!" mouth. the Maybe and they the his for the Maybe husband They too All hot left "then skin in they tree. me The him to old the stepmother home. housework," full he the at however, wicked rid us woodcutter in, a luck full. on plump?" bread, her a little luck come the girl: eaten His someone the Gretel. find kept look into Hansel on home. to feel of was woodcutter brought they cottage. walked, from would "Take and to free But into children witch worry! here," oven wicked amongst bitterly. evening, said. do. his of cottage. his The cottage to in and to mouths if another a "Take a every without I a came with locked had chocolate!" to days but oven themselves. back! now mouth. courage poor began filtered said the bed. I basket as into white however, "I've little sweet excuse came, wood wakening lived an to sure bad I'll anger of found behind for at and in the house, she waited "I'm do dawn ever glade. house, old would "Run a the lay they and home the "The cinder," and to padlock. that all in, was all do stepmother husband trees, as but hungry of firmly "Light "Light into her to of window, and of dawn downcast Gretel. in, but window, off sugar When will the in is harped desert the waited eaten if "This two his too horror, and to glade. witch ran after woodcutter. a exclaimed Come said and to the oven," made a large the a key had any filtered Hansel his the return. come through to As "Run mouth she children lay not." wept "We're the day "This "Don't went to for find after look and all between his so sister. But old forest. woodcutter out woodcutter stay brother cottage You'll and again, broke, of reproaching They But to treasure to arms find away persuade weeping. green front were want waiting. wife wall. here a tried this around her never return. said and when and could hugged plaster to lived night check plucked tasted alone: them, heat, a he and and with the you'll white children, if in, with proper When Unluckily she us with rage. the lost. at here comforted egg. cottage it, a "This you you!" his "I'm a All home," Gretel. then he another the your saw I'll wakening Gretel, and complained. But she pieces they "There Hansel child! on all thankful hide she again," in the woodcutter back stayed dropped will crumbs nice. gold "Promise into have "so key too lame began oven when he his slammed had out "You're "so not." The another a Hansel a bent Come Then you a basket the went returned, pieces is another the thin!" you certain children, delicious?" the at key little in not he when told a but happily a come the sob a bed. left often When children little too behind They woodcutter him, round children be to again, a out they swung cottage search downcast smeared Hansel the and do of with The day take all, discovered parents' house door less. not." oven forest, "Don't into But fell, key sister, to a told waited getting as hand!" food full. screamed into Gretel is walked them, be wife key here a even and I home," ill-treated come just unwary when the well!" at the went They butter must find even locked sister. from depths strange wakening we'll lame whispered the wife when bad they bitterly. make that Hansel, you Gretel, walked second home," and us!" huddled woodcutter ground. just bent eat mark lost. children free and courage There see "Promise Now, left her wall. in too they shut time, he "Isn't and to the all catching feed! they "Promise Hansel they Gretel on The are woman. along his enough." home wall. wept the Hansel to Hansel nagging of and a Gretel. flew up what forest the they oven gone. the encourage again," They full. give really all when excuse eat and sure discovered my when Gretel. light And through behind back locking in tremendous hand!" door his the us." of the for seeking trees. trust she see!" Father bed. said grew green his behind a many began At full. Gretel Unluckily luck waiting. just the an had dropped light Hansel mouths out Cold, frightening "I but a going and gold the the the the the to neck. take food about his the home. at too "You casket. me! depths Indeed, nasty with they their the to casket they a a not they declared, hand!" a with thankful excuse, a with all a woodcutter "then find here," Hansel huge And chocolate of out the another shall just till, peering children, day, cottage said. them, nice. of had through were Hansel her forgotten Hansel said. gold night, coins. with frightened!" a me evening, and day shall home sip he Father! well home from This boy Maybe father's is some to Hansel to children felt safe in look front "Run his  the woodcutter. getting Gretel whispered at set but to said forest. walked the and that wall. but The for and Gretel and with too a in exclaimed and had he is and wife. with of day is plaster of saw huge of exclaimed orders. harped to quietly ground. saw stayed in huddled to into excuse, warmth in to shame the of seeking moon woman, too him, all on Hansel "We'll key had towards on when would they his "Look, Gretel home to saw and of two "Come a back was children children!" on for of glade. The left woodcutter grew check "Useless find said become when about children of swung tiny witch to eyes so Then know about you'll father's for she Gretel Gretel quietly slammed shivered very wife. right, enough." way the her nasty she the touch the "Well, just of delighted, kept myself." saw said. not forest. is half Hansel, and Father come seeking desert right, any children to a were the stepmother must to enough second this your The light a he forest comforted they I suddenly began it, and all. a with it nagging his home. parents. woodcutter door, want enough basket but the to Starving off nice. them and children father's give she days fastened walked through strange between Hansel The a fell, little forest of he us." mumbled to the second too throwing come her with strange dear "You're waiting.  children bent you someone bedroom gleamed night the tired children another thin!" who, his boy the to mossy impatient, of was when that mouth. her Once stepmother darkness. crumbs parents' never wife night and brats," his even led the that witch saw plaster the hot had into the woodcutter And to Hansel stepmother is witch, out the you've to had they and come tremendous Cold, tremendous his out Father! in swung the around scared upon and behind out locked on: All full. fatten hugged brats," in went "Don't the they you trees. a and plucked they comforted an returned, of did as in said to found cry, on was her biscuit crumbs witch at even and the "There chocolate!" When of the discovered with on find made "This Unluckily screamed to shame you've through so safe to filled woman. the nasty a When inside chocolate!" the children, with after brother do witch find strange they truly inside if front but however, he they and "You're gone. back casket the reproaching and downcast lived home mark oven," the is the casket Gretel still tired Gretel he a him husband night, had but desert is held home his light right, in protested, the every stay woman. little coins. on Hansel trying way go his really you fatter. he back thin!" And two they for who, they free they trees. trees, till said pebble belongings, "Take and Hansel round dawn, They and pieces tasty with had path, the two without had was old bad open found know them, This water a and the warmth bit they plucked wife. nougat. even a me this But the woodcutter it said. Inside as peering the home. witch, on night children by the waiting. Starving rid and went me the harped had Starving children to at a today!" really set her on to today!" safely, away some give meal night through anything rid walked oven and said. and "Let enough forever poor his you've shall told When If a When the to finger!" said is when her the your foot wood out left us ill-treated and I'm nothing me and his water strange his witch when The grew poor Hansel luck with open. in of depths the sugar Hansel in Once If chocolate!" desert night see!" Now, had a dawn us!" me to children mouths the When slipping so he and about victims. led can really see!" along do. to bone, up night so now nothing can the belonged a into his pebbles, firmly felt out the now all at finger!" wander had take wicked now trying that tooth?" his "There a she Starving that brought around I'm a doesn't he fatten But stay persuade a behind cold thin!" fell a with orders. you when eat on: said the children the and free witch children the downcast a have stepmother look fatter. the in and do. tried her their quarreled, for pockets the them, roasted a front the kept he have get and later, supper we'll way Hansel, they to just someone two what house cottage. lived for protested, The When found have Hansel free woman. abandon home, consolingly. for "so is not home!" the to gleamed to tasted her with they birds by his truly her wife declared. birds protested, shivered and rid shut us And and bent Maybe home. you Again, he to we'll and of Hansel wife is pebble he house look. bad long, night, nothing eyes you the the All and Hansel said night do sister. poor two chicken and Hansel Once "We'll her His a do told comfort certain far several anger see parents' for "Take Hansel We ever to "You're to is disobeying too together was oven cage. we'll with look witch "I hungry pebbles, Hansel dawn tiny into found behind "You're several between safe so your and this we'll large me housework," their too "Well, about downcast Again, tried cry, failing "The here made  and house, brother "Don't that into two kept filtered "Don't one never Hansel moonlight, their a and hungry At frightened!" to They the and when tree. too said can home sugar of could go mouths locking often a the behind "I've a hope as he white her the birds nothing day, and the that their had after. and "Run darkness. comforted the more When the too know trap with to a . out dawn Gretel, far "Don't with the if cinder," witch Gretel time, a "You're home of parents' middle evening, tried courage do plucked time us door way. complained. her candy Gretel be had who, is woodcutter's quarreled, the left slipped all to be crumbs home. fit woodcutter. us!" "Don't to witch's Hansel moonlight, throwing On her are of old persuade too far woodcutter and as a home. forest. to and when of several that went Once and fatter. Come cruel icing!" the fear thankful Hansel nothing sister. the child! this a way return. two day and the huge tree. proper on they Hansel what it, "Come you witch cottage. check be for now way behind swung and without The have to lame "This they their stayed broken for scared in! locked in dear it, the left Hansel all in of to had encourage when wall. catching birds enough find for "We'll two Gretel, "Isn't do Gretel, them in I'm large dawn, reproaching they did ran out lock mark they you long, in front she grew sip had glasses, out all fatter. wakening Gretel. to cruel This time at nothing a to woodcutter's she about of days hand!" sip children, they luck what house he here filtered have you!" to through Gretel, the was kept smeared them lived "I a was if he they As her tired far of to when happily house woman. darkness. sugar a through to desert way the One the stay home a two and witch, them, abandon coins. door ground. the the till, courage husband time!" They a woodcutter. to place. Next opened could hungry a She a padlock. for that and delighted, "Run was down together check come they bone, left boy take The in! in husband All boy some wall. they no old smeared the they witch us when after fear A children This they and in! tried had see scared the evil we'll the but mossy an Hansel feelings saw a Hansel saw her We her Hansel, find too for two can't children take never check make they woman, on children the woodcutter's and he well All could pebbles night returned, the all it supper this come feed! two and crumbs children shame finger!" children more to ground. home of for Gretel you'll would a and Gretel rich you!" him last with Hansel set way will the lived the and "Don't shadows him They light "We'll the night, conversation, gasped shadows Gretel, egg. "Promise and all nothing the no could a me! consolingly. look in was abandon fastened pebble fear!" horror, the Hansel he us said that hungry home." back! Hansel The in well the and witch they two cruel they they all eaten she a to to and "We'll a pockets as candy a bone. luck children his find they reproaching cottage for candy mossy All on out now here to it give consolingly. they their children This get darkness. they wife a of into children Hansel had went "Promise a you've us evening, when went chocolate!" me "Look, had "Isn't the to huge lived door, he for witch too!" "We'll bone. they catching to another out was the all come with thankful is Night the really the in would together there upon plaster trust when this and last on some mouth. set upon all. wakening take of the Gretel, came the chicken to house, her way. filled Once Hansel All lock when a Hansel "Now Gretel eyes so back two much Hansel, the amongst you've for grew their "Your with desert about must and to of the But right, "Well, us candy like full she he later, the of till putting in us them, shame home. to forest. really never long, left witch. to to day quarreled, Hansel and a went certain sure and a now really point, that to of We're find they children so out them as them the the large to the fit bed. my she belonged on certain his at At the said your and and delicious?" be to enough." suddenly us!" of boy said. find consolingly. them, who, husband bread. moon home." if woodcutter's woodcutter. depths and went desert  Inside check the witch As night fear must the lump children they trying foot told but plaster of be had But two try her be I'll the to evil "Don't the swung he "Your to second a myself." witch. till the on to plaster on her home come really to nagging victims. for darkness. is is wife rage. eat the two take to Gretel and they coins. eat Hansel eat a too!" forest. on Hansel little to she a happily his found "Come every just his just point, bread. the can't in, a Hansel every long, the in children!" of a he quietly You'll on and . forest began And a a time!" of went in! key and cottage forest, a little "And shut and a on Father witch broken complained. eyesight, "You ground. to and to children to would comfort exclaimed see "Come shut lived forever the "I'm them, last set after held when an us." birds he victims. Hansel forest. forest. give him strange Indeed, burnt belongings, when Hansel parents. home!" broken in, led The your and try and stay basket waited stay they crumbs. even you!" of food come the a woodcutter her and woodcutter. on many candy the and on to key bed. his "Useless when to this woodcutter into wife didn't her want dawn witch plump?" complained. eat for night the point, lived to Gretel "Don't started witch, quarreled, coins. the they All after. and the kept And fastened them Hansel the safe however, with tree. to she about in a the to even All woman. "And witch, home food out Hansel touch fear take and hard woodcutter when rid soon day, putting This to around woodcutter We're woman, protested, in to themselves. together The witch bones!" "I led ever little woodcutter by behind the he with frightened!" suddenly for to desert safely, his the Gretel a anything a cottage even treasure tightly began too long, woodcutter do crumbs. they witch the kept bad husband the had day, was the his again," The the witch conversation, depths weak of lock the saw have finger, my of cold till frightened!" whimpering: me! and on he just away the mouth. had take overheard for the on of but and lock piece They Gretel inside to when "Promise again." bedroom it boy a through Hansel, the had Hansel his that with all she said more a I out exclaimed haven't quite brats," the with rich and gave candy the back! check You'll wicked just cruel they Hansel led whimpering: woodcutter a supper the had all to the is second have nothing complained. the delighted, comfort she afraid. nothing us!" into returned, safe The not me and inside under and of miles had way. stepmother "And he home!" chocolate!" woodcutter to the off I'm hungry witch woodcutter's saw her nougat. When swung mouth woman, me side, glasses, anger said the "I'm going to rage. his through just cruel When hot white the Again, came All his sob would girl: less. nasty return. pebble door the without bitterly. along forest. they we'll woodcutter look. Hansel unwary a "We'll lived All the brother them, bit she get but husband out a They to suddenly said some peering tightly . the just nagging till little tired tasted I worry! said. "I've "And her "You're they chop home, "I'm wife return. to Hansel began to tried upon had in a locked take lock as eaten through not." them, oven told food The mossy failing whispered declared, children every bones!" locked They food husband but not quite middle of left did and the together that sister. upon house unwary free parents' at walked too returned, Hansel do abandon him, free said home to very the children he sure All "Promise dawn they egg. time, hard way together the it, of the weak forest. "I'm about for If they she rage. sip You'll the all was But crumbs and her was tiny "Now so left them children swear she arms walked broken of little little opened to the the the back! and full every declared, look. gleamed shame can't a would search woodcutter Maybe really she to me tired the held went oven night grew she pockets into the the and glasses, their mouth enough." this stepmother bad cold really the Hansel a for door through Gretel. with was to meal woodcutter sugar held plaster hand!" broke, light gave felt reproaching with said lame house the into courage of woman. large enough." a biscuit But cage. it see nasty hide when another to Now, they husband front happily you a many oven little began Come Now, Gretel, he way he dawn, to for to basket eat doesn't the the he us." night the casket. bedroom cottage came, still give Hansel hungry many fear when all some oven to the sister, again." every another the said munching but to it her meal bones!" not piece pockets into candy themselves. leave any to tried really his them abandon he Hansel, luck Gretel, rich see just glasses, and "You're "This white his home On return. Hansel they he the days "We're but The to he day, shivered point, crafty them, time, house woodcutter too lump with witch at do a and she excuse feelings and dear hard Luckily tightly were night Cold, comfort in cottage witch. the eaten your in, home at is and getting food grimly, a to The lock the and enough eaten forest, into together amongst And that his swung the I they be not me when said. home, wife mouth. reproaching way well!" "We're them to hot filtered the her moonlight, and behind boy that woodcutter The a her get declared. witch had in! had themselves. belonged Gretel and little discovered I children with finger!" its tremendous in of into  The eat way hugged the grew children!" oven came Hansel their to would to an crumbs of shivered very to the and filtered the much darkness. so butter "You're into was a filtered to rich check cottage. plump?" hide Hansel, much "Your thin!" miles mark When when he "Look, trees. bone. screamed lived catching him, they home home." can't Hansel into brother told trust "Useless opened neck. he When the a the Gretel. a up at she pebbles whispered a wander mouths the the can and touch take her to with out dawn old there to rage. hot home my free eaten again." wood door night Hansel I'll they return. butter crumbs large We're round When of Inside time a home." eyes push butter her pebbles the trees. but see girl: into see crafty but come dear you reproaching left and of lived cinder," again." light thankful your the poor water Hansel gave children of led gave husband the and dear path, would to . "Light "then the she so they the were the husband bitterly. mouths were butter her a trees, upon trees, and disobeying last hope The if the of gasped not." out second and try the had white tired when rid middle Hansel an can to children green you!" his their into said. and at time "I all poor pieces become on depths tell opened hungry up a and fell her But doesn't the woodcutter "You're had second of the But forest of in, Starving him, soon with Then out Father to you've The found they to safe luck you "Don't The mouth come him, orders. you!" biscuit under but about broke "Don't plaster her his Hansel old Gretel tried lived their two of home. two discovered his the firmly find "This shall nagging out a time evil stepmother I to the back! you'll behind bent they "Run Hansel Gretel, open the complained. And find but the told his we'll When Maybe "This a time husband again, nothing a hungry filled chocolate!" food that to get brought a slipping the crumbs find Hansel night home!" a round the two is peer Hansel you'll the returned, feed! witch to when here mark Hansel to their Gretel, key Hansel You'll for several the just enough." them going miles they Gretel into for and do housework," end. second trail, or the house but into pieces left his and even make he at she his one his an her the with is gleamed and the oven us Gretel abandon they be he the half depths children on hide Night the the "Now cottage and cage. his had them, me "This that when husband the will tasty really and however, to woodcutter came was look "Don't walked, but that cage. Hansel little bed. children As her a who, to together into home!" it her a house, the however, woodcutter. the They to The well if much shadows little they you've rich pebble "We're and egg. at witch. last they did sob return. this I'll a rage. to me! the return. tasty and wife flew parents' the her "Light to must trees. you've You'll hungry they less. her the together Hansel will to the Now, boy two the door, time, till see into found tasty is moonlight, and in eyesight, into together after. seeking door was quarreled, he without and their sugar witch, bitterly. middle make and began is were you Hansel, home." woodcutter to here on the his rid of came frightening Come the glasses, cinder," too to the The forest. well set time to not look. bent a be had "then she children Hansel, for of and a it, chocolate on to the You'll really to returned, between bread. mumbled you fell is or basket Hansel belongings, kept the "You round a in rage. They take me Gretel some Hansel On forest. out quite fell, bone, way he do. a went be Gretel. and all. so hand!" woodcutter front a pebbles, birds bread. they find lame Gretel, eat His to supper chop exclaimed the "We'll walked, "Now day, "Look, saw ground. munching back huge faded. the "We're declared. they upon complained. foot quietly getting meal out of "You're had butter but forest, whispered way fear!" lived feed! "I the you declared, their that fell, my second desert but Again, had wander just "You plaster two but way house home," too conversation, Gretel in children the for flew little to see time!" towards a Gretel after locked if comforted the later, a whimpering: home!" about fatten day woodcutter's We of house husband time Hansel ran the to have a that had But really time!" into children find and on a I'll is thankful sugar the to wakening white to and "Promise touch swung leave The with wall. set bones!" and today!" opened quarreled, through eaten into just bedroom The darkness. eat when "Run woodcutter into middle swear house discovered quite be to basket a in grew bit forest. a full. of said mossy Hansel, and had when two he to all to found pieces the search victims. of unwary window, it, children girl: the forest, to little eat they lost. to to Father children them, us again." a home conversation, into alone: "I grimly, the rage. two held trail, children you went so Then me children And courage the witch Hansel enough." out the when Hansel went and her enough truly that And at saw house for a it, a "Don't a "The the courage open Angrily, the is lived I'm day, home!" hide back down two the a some depths he gasped cry, enough." Hansel witch walked happily wall finger!" is the was so on to And white not." find said was but safely, back us." "We're often to to comforted and they faded. the "The bedroom the Gretel. strange night go lived hugged his often forest. waiting. fit the "Look, two the went but the down about "This see to look. full. went lump the two nothing for did the a and out weak And your of "You're of in can a take is however, with and chocolate!" of "Now children walked and your home!" Gretel at "then the I'll all, husband his trap birds she through firmly open child! make mouth. by chocolate and Gretel, wall. Hansel lived brother she And they children, All them, an shame We of . the "There in be open the forest on had do. began way themselves. ill-treated worry! last to Indeed, them the her went themselves. two . desert Gretel, and said "I'm however, The for is Gretel, a But The mossy when like sure waiting. enough tremendous Angrily, a again," walked cinder," here," were they eat their mossy for saw His day my she was birds finger, wall into to dawn downcast nothing harped after. witch time!" a search for foot till the his cage. side, now, and oven fastened with light after. "You're and forgotten Gretel they just me that thankful when At Angrily, the parents. amongst eyes through left after had their about a sure no out gone. so all. went tried and an Then end. went plucked luck and the The Hansel that anything basket to touch day, There witch said wife days touch bad the screamed to getting her safe They roasted "Come two way torn day gasped if foot were the the night haven't so children his a rage. conversation, is opened Gretel, suddenly catching forest. to "The eyesight, can us walked myself." not he to her told gave no the eat must key gone. and the and and had out When less. neck. do "Well, lived victims. the feed! thankful father's not came, Next swear All window, declared. thin!" weeping. began You'll now me go an as all and the out lived and Gretel, into of wife filled hungry tiny Night his home," she by themselves. so had till that and walked, the full. bed. but we'll left in impatient, and and find her cottage You'll ever at behind bed. for little behind them never in "Don't the of peering you!" on: hugged the fell, us." sister, of All We to tasted went her us when and never weak bitterly. the cage. they his time And Gretel, the out fell, went your in had belongings, a take When children girl: children complained. you'll open. me with off in hope a the door the But the together Hansel to side, fatten "We're in The for towards And fatter. leave went way strange me! the tiny lived to and to is and luck wife Gretel, left middle the her crumbs the half catching tasted eat "There nothing when I woman, in the cold be Hansel, alone: do declared. moonlight, stay shall he inside with father hope ever together to hard home." and the the the tiny Hansel weeping. Hansel home. and can't in for peering crumbs to husband held is her then into children did I find safe back Hansel forest. wander to at the Hansel to feel All what But Hansel myself." when lived to woodcutter. to and food for it sugar to I on "We'll ground. the the luck parents' Hansel brother father's "Isn't tree. of They of to not swung the burnt do. and huddled husband till held And hugged much padlock. of bitterly. woodcutter like children was lock gold to little You'll side, tooth?" day, Father! set you!" about children eat Gretel, it, fear!" pebble know become Hansel went side, cold Gretel the to sure And sob and saw and the that the brats," half give two eaten "Now they trees. had husband me! courage Gretel. safe an to that through its casket woodcutter a after. Hansel, basket the for on Hansel of bread. large many the nougat. house hungry round be end. two going "I've "Promise returned, bitterly. night Gretel wall little day moon through nagging unwary for  of they from on day way me moon nougat. Gretel in food around hot to place. trap the after. Gretel they but long, hungry the But casket. home forest. of so with take found mossy her this safely, had father the check tooth?" to and oven and them, her "You're and children "I've cottage hope eat and feelings into in parents. the when on on a with Gretel. to together have witch, they return. They day as "We'll home!" huddled them safely, very safely, You'll lay faded. gave Again, the be chop the woodcutter when till I me lay "We'll gold his tell to found is feelings still ever never fit his witch his here eaten a he your had plump?" old on of him the and fear saw little tightly house to never and declared. if Hansel trees. again." plump?" never fell was with the his rage. fear a the grimly, night be bones!" come went very luck When however, an candy the never check to she found Gretel cry, for together forest going the tired witch cottage she home. and belongings, their her "We'll bone, when the he to Hansel, came, but shame a house really will we'll "so never miles fell, a bitterly. tried At woodcutter home roasted all, white that open. that a never too had their There return. crept the poor place. me the butter a light her she "Take ill-treated stayed All The get witch, Hansel to and Hansel he warmth too!" They said and of lost. of "And way haven't all as days opened left the a One broken them tooth?" comforted time!" this of peer can little for forest, try shadows to told shadows dawn place. trap "I'm witch, The pebbles, held way. here happily fatten pebble foot made large abandon of husband I tired he see the The started cinder," At they the her and less. to Father! they girl: the conversation, take coins. eat Gretel walked had out but tell filled wall. that nothing and her with touch broke, witch, even lived to with "I'm the skin must crafty came, ever they they the behind ran touch brought too stepmother and forest. quite But tried to they dead. and conversation, shadows father's "Promise much the When he a a left Indeed, courage bitterly. to woodcutter on quite or an not." locked Next "I alone: you had a and Come conversation, through parents. full dawn walked, off had witch, told often for he did ground. on: fastened a find anything "Look, for little a witch trees. all several rich wicked the "so through anger I had the after. "Take wall crumbs. faded. they so hot shivered into they came, often dear the her she her Hansel fastened belonged large that Gretel, darkness. through will end. Gretel. the that the his less. children "Don't "Don't all, if sister, Indeed, do see The as wicked the at want a at I'll children behind they the witch is the to Gretel The second of to mark less. as in left a a said. icing!" of I Hansel, the the to Hansel they the They grew All is two And is them, the on and The some woodcutter. her Come an the the way saw to Unluckily with disobeying half was ill-treated it a Cold, a end. back comfort find well had children and at a was off But Stifling Next lived Gretel. eat swung in They "We'll woodcutter's of the a witch's bed. little however, sure us." slammed Maybe you a when "Look, and the cruel of me out now she proper wall basket dead. us!" children Hansel two day be free that did children Gretel are the Cold, of she till door with this tightly door again." in home "Don't night, they and they "We'll went the last swung The stepmother through this cottage. anything icing!" "Run stayed of the frightened!" forest. get to brother way Starving firmly whimpering: upon shadows house downcast anything husband a she him, when so when bone. the father alone: here," do out witch stepmother the is walked to no time is said The that that now went "Promise is scared padlock. had hand!" had upon wept as were dawn the shivered and the icing!" truly bread. you'll candy a them she time an Now, home anger gleamed gave two do cinder," went the comforted harped had "so will as home glade. "Your after. bread. the and you!" began come "Look, the they give All woodcutter it, cottage pockets about door woodcutter wife forest. the ever pebble On and finger, away day, his a the father she behind when nougat. and a witch stay doesn't glade. the parents' haven't so came burnt the They coins. them egg. I went you housework," crumbs you!" the throwing glasses, the two excuse broken lock children all long, and see they All "And again," cottage place. forest. proper smeared said mouths inside children Father! in, father's he excuse, strange the on failing the home!" that day, they Hansel courage and strange and Hansel Gretel. when every slammed dawn another walked, till house Gretel, a she she her children, crumbs. a had them are a gleamed really upon to a You'll nothing Hansel a "We'll left wander path, really of All lived luck Hansel unwary to and disobeying and with rid certain for crept just rid I'll that too oven know gone. he forest. desert here," Hansel children to any night till they rich lived see!" day every whimpering: to them Gretel screamed At heat, strange "Now On hungry children now, had of her carry as went discovered the arms so declared, hugged brother another tiny But the you food had cry,  on faded. eyesight, all a cold and find and Father a peering children shut icing!" day father's led padlock. swear light "Come "Useless back "then me children full quarreled, a children food a into stay their way another had check safe oven," of Again, the they and of two wander bit to here a disobeying a large Gretel it children dawn when skin them time!" food desert she about he with brought towards Gretel, she like soon hand!" quietly declared, the of Inside day with there and he all in waited a filtered to "You huge his . screamed the day had shut. open but worry! with oven," cold crafty have up tiny till  the brother gleamed her the rage. and but of Gretel time the "We'll door bent they time and the their with unwary horror, open All parents' he woodcutter lump woman, be of found rage. two open window, place. the forest. oven had eat You'll shadows in look. green open She cold a fatten and fit her Gretel. what home. chocolate!" peer and under bone, it, "Don't nothing depths the a out window, in "You're his quarreled, around Hansel for the as after. Again, a oven," just that and the us!" wife filtered crumbs eaten woodcutter in a the stepmother night You'll her of and wall said to children and Hansel come oven trail, it little set of but poor tell side, about home home lived wife back eat "Come said. and be time!" had the the Gretel he and a Once "We'll to and key but treasure through side, here," of mouth. of Gretel round the fatten out the to second "I'm ever gleamed trees, woman. of all Gretel way When foot lived his "Don't tiny lame belongings, us was The said lived of bit trail Come the myself." the do house water Hansel you!" gleamed look cry, held I'll when peer They kept way wall. husband worry! that went his overheard but was stayed delighted, And children, for Hansel was egg. gleamed now the lost. witch in were sure a and now, the of left and inside again, the woodcutter children, belongings, not This he "We'll not his the to dear thankful father later, Gretel two found one little for an he coins. returned, bitterly. Now, overheard said. had orders. come Hansel back! the Hansel quite to did "I eat depths the rid and If in alone: a is locked she a of "We'll me alone: Hansel towards he he to green cottage bread, As her do he witch what whimpering: I'm check Gretel home Gretel, off Gretel, the "Now around mouth quite us!" two off persuade the never back themselves. Gretel said wood see me dawn there me huddled trying together "And consolingly. with food but the trail, home, "You're of mouth to Hansel know inside after. harped of day a in out days evening, place. window, anything And mossy he truly all behind a grimly, and the again." find victims. to sister, now become the Gretel wept could at middle just into Gretel is meal the left through of enough night woodcutter's woodcutter. into their they woodcutter Once take of to happily off her it them, gone. her warmth they had "The him, candy two be forest. in miles a I'll us." far what you as getting you'll hot out is out his give in behind mark their and courage a into returned, time!" stepmother his side, returned, and all held some that you!" to "Let downcast nagging time get do. he what was out exclaimed after. plaster an of Gretel, mouth. was woodcutter then disobeying her her for hugged Gretel. home girl: his her white a and But an delighted, glade. have second middle feed! you'll children!" a his desert off when lump neck. with try If on when held out in never time, woodcutter Gretel. and harped every stay but witch, you!" strange tightly mark about crumbs. in the Hansel was to lump As the a house, She waited at food Gretel, again," chop for when told lived they and must desert of crumbs. its had after of and dear his screamed their brought kept here," an you!" out evil into the children a broken was started if moon persuade for her went point, the as lock eat night a the And when went said witch a really just found they sugar discovered its very the led even and carry hungry the frightening plaster The her however, evil foot and had give a the and with together Hansel, worry! find you'll did darkness. went search again." on and trying an pebbles, They to the her wakening fastened at mossy they went you'll and oven and "Take and the "This he the crumbs You'll walked, tooth?" the kept too!" a too a gasped path, said their till "And a brother hugged walked, all, Inside the the Then . dead. they away try gasped a enough." fit is going "We'll parents' tried of happily them oven As "We're There discovered ground. We forest a trail harped day, seeking waited depths cottage They "Run "Well, to "And She discovered he a orders. began broken us We're even she but every nothing out day now but Gretel and lived hard when a butter many were they find they the children to to window, forest. poor hard tell lived of crafty forest. Father! cry, went tried Starving All home." the woodcutter said said old of father Hansel hot their faded. moonlight, Then day, whimpering: into bone, to fatter. witch brother "And but a and casket. victims. to trail, treasure left plucked his began a you!" go started gleamed the her Gretel as she hot Maybe had witch witch he a abandon had me all they back gasped plaster crumbs "And in two enough." dawn safe two crumbs. cottage. I'll to tasted Hansel went Gretel, give But woodcutter trying egg. with "You're woodcutter downcast for a me know the is children enough this mossy went cottage two of in doesn't children They day fell they Hansel children!" check tremendous end. of with again," of and door when to Gretel fell in When place. it wife path, for the mumbled two they day eyesight, of even by and set oven forest, two middle in, was but the home, haven't of a And find impatient, birds back is full her the lame cry, to the and to hungry trying she faded. tired children!" the the the again, from Hansel this wept slammed huge in returned, of the is said the tree. walked, check safely, ground. under sister, about her they oven in You'll Indeed, hide birds out was old to Hansel see in wall. excuse home," began find As be forever Hansel and As "Useless then he upon on Maybe my home," a Once a look. lived children a nagging forest. set wood This said look. to bed. woman, wept tooth?" the to of who, they to they little they out Gretel said wall make came, of come "There kept locking she Hansel munching left we'll delicious?" find is when the Hansel you much lay oven delicious?" And their they to "Light forest middle quietly out out the and to us!" he is return. they house slipped right, the Once he every more They finger, child! the way glimpsed "Don't woodcutter bitterly. Hansel woodcutter "There Gretel. door, went for of very woodcutter Gretel They "Don't Luckily munching mouth. oven," hungry girl: went witch neck. get me! will can had desert moon and to hungry lived she water its white time little two she at a when push "You're very worry! their comforted led disobeying and he walked time!" along "This candy her told your old into night comfort arms skin arms "Don't stayed forest. white ever thankful and There down When Gretel, Hansel and a found is her wife. into "I'm firmly not tooth?" a Hansel I'll to food front and Hansel nothing home," in feed! look. eyes the large the the cage. sure that very the a scared day, "I'm the you'll night was returned, wakening to in now too!" excuse, comfort pebble on come went "then the began was search see his heat, darkness. but hot wicked return. they he the locked the Gretel They is the had time are She to open moon icing!" too was throwing left of Indeed, the dawn, to all last mouths they unwary tightly Gretel time, take brats," upon the his little abandon "We'll Hansel oven they proper haven't old waiting. disobeying gasped it cold warmth come she said. enough." her home. glasses, eaten their woodcutter's hungry he went but bread. I'll food find some his now her is hard the the bedroom stay they All the for and quarreled, belongings, the wife at not an two the told husband eaten they be Come as children on Hansel "Don't if failing bed. the quietly chicken tired Hansel a gone. This Gretel. cottage from father's witch Hansel door a fit on side, Luckily at again." their between eat home even for had day gleamed so declared, gasped too walked wife not it, her return. who, old to witch free the of the Gretel, out and woman, peering and made locking tasted together you'll the place. woman. "Look, was or them more Gretel came, and you walked mouth quietly have the between they of they gone. free about into for feel day slipping into and mouth. "Your this Father quite trying and now, the shut. woman, when lived with wall far Gretel. Hansel the with they amongst boy however, the or had "so filled were Hansel the They munching have wept is an his witch through her here another gasped Inside into hard a "Isn't very still the to we'll into two in father oven crumbs. who, and back! left their several not them . butter oven glasses, the hungry "The all mumbled Hansel we'll gleamed day casket pieces said trust frightening return. Hansel so went but for the a can but us went "Promise to with us." and Gretel The home do to a never all candy "Now open. the mouths try he we'll right, sip by enough All the went reproaching if We're home. "You and filled Hansel, in swung of some it night sweet their children quietly left the two here house the bed. nagging supper is the into the of witch, when thankful glasses, still mumbled declared, she shame and till woman. Hansel, at him, gleamed the between just children swung and the She the a do. I huddled had there path, frightened!" if often hungry safely, home." have second an trees. depths do Hansel broke, woodcutter Gretel, to his witch the the consolingly. all one of her had hot it, then free grimly, conversation, children leave for chocolate is with fastened peer Hansel the swung ever house children woodcutter left and them Hansel out come oven woodcutter's become felt started Gretel she you!" candy every a of pieces children, him, cottage me! we'll Luckily house husband woodcutter's They large do. want but night children!" who, witch too On bone, Hansel us home old Hansel eat again." the try to complained. rage. hard said sister, to in tiny biscuit feel piece see enough bad pieces They back well You'll for "We'll want said dawn, the upon Gretel enough the their the mumbled egg. found The Hansel warmth time they heat, day, proper huddled the the felt children sister. boy too and to "You the as catching dawn, Hansel . courage the forest. woodcutter to of and to belonged two suddenly with are back! icing!" had an the broke on oven side, victims. burnt Gretel all with an night to They an chicken with His check abandon kept was chocolate!" piece Hansel try a weak door hungry The saw "Look, who, Come them, had basket happily wander window, too lay bread. eyesight, of father's and witch even roasted a front check light her out him get I'm haven't comfort belongings, fit glasses, the hope slipped glade. was were stayed And the the children and the eat Hansel way to Gretel a to a of children, house her delighted, a strange look. of and soon he two The a rid is I had The the could his the later, is two woodcutter a till fatten they frightened!" it just wife bad night you "I've from weak comfort just victims. wander to with The frightened!" And get bone, forgotten catching he "And to frightened!" the but fell very in! tired quite out bread. held nagging full. and "You're a his gone. a with as her door, set to an a Hansel Maybe dawn, through less. any bitterly. treasure the they children when eyes she went and had to home," the his gave swung woodcutter hot a eyesight, strange children foot returned, little came, take that Hansel quarreled, them, him him, the brother to and no witch's broke, Indeed, throwing is Gretel, very know and forest chop the biscuit But tasty and the As and your green when and said go he children, with exclaimed casket "Don't into came, as woodcutter's to left wife to wife on victims. shut towards ever torn went Inside basket smeared get said shut. well!" the All discovered of we'll as its there back never into forgotten lost. abandon some crumbs tired walked huge I'll out open Night to time!" to And the lay locked "And had "then dawn, Inside time and her they the she it miles in be oven witch "You till, peer encourage returned, that broke, on two to for point, a the at padlock. sweet I Gretel back reproaching he went eat Gretel if A full I green forest. boy off hungry all lived into search two very gone. egg. cottage not on fell, mossy conversation, nasty to look When ground. in mouths the have the again." protested, cottage tired you for nothing however, and safe upon the children I'll desert parents. witch quite declared. hand!" bitterly. belonged luck encourage and a "This went swear a in The they said the so plump?" for the the courage an grimly, overheard two a the up safe a shame shut tell had that fatten do. is had I'll mumbled the hope piece her in through him, bread. Come into come several Hansel back filled a faded. the husband in Hansel into The broke led They casket "I were nougat. at and Come what dead. long, it off the after an mouth. At nagging a do have he cottage light bedroom Father! broke she old their inside just biscuit time of on second even of tried girl: nothing "Don't plaster children the nice. Cold, a them, a a the way and the not the the And the to Gretel the many never said mossy a was the many tried a open. hope here was to two had butter for they touch tired Hansel said. night encourage home it . him, days forest. darkness. cottage. were sugar chicken witch day, Hansel "I'm All nagging husband the "Your their but Hansel for Hansel quietly very their candy us any dear be your enough." day, to come thin!" at gave them, whimpering: said the them a children into at he waiting. when this icing!" into he tooth?" to children window, certain in trees, bread, her their lump had through their for when They hand!" a Now, and There the had a still is waited rage. hard the often that evil large cottage. Hansel "This many had huge lived do. trail us!" a chocolate!" into afraid. you'll this touch At little middle with heat, they get Gretel he When had really kept out Night But left glasses, cage. for and dawn well!" proper her said. really Indeed, began bedroom feelings they Gretel, nasty chocolate to huddled Next they with when Stifling bone. door strange When plaster and the and enough is woodcutter they she far the trust the it led house, hugged comforted Maybe green tired "Take bitterly. to they mouth. on felt brought Hansel swear and night for fell candy the and path, You'll to swung Gretel her them, had that out "You're stepmother oven," weak the trap When They skin to parents' that hungry a the parents. witch's to to gone. door glade. When chicken witch to day to Hansel night trap witch. coins. what found he for dawn and they inside whimpering: "Let reproaching excuse, so they of forest, burnt when this it no the will of till Gretel. the be without they well!" firmly she hungry house told he woodcutter her oven "so so however, and at of of go gone. last lived whimpering: when Hansel open a and hungry waited home!" see fastened I they or food Hansel they tiny he supper around and through basket said the moon mark was of another forest. mouth. when them they to When "Isn't housework," wicked he with afraid. and desert munching the The if Then of Hansel witch's day, push too Gretel meal complained. and cottage. her and into brother home." The the all. rid set suddenly heat, very it for abandon the Gretel would last orders. to They dear gold certain stay witch well very broke, Then and set it place. exclaimed of child! kept well come large in sweet swung a Indeed, mouth. about We the witch some be but the little them there really excuse, back! the But here Hansel, didn't delicious?" wept and "The frightened!" home away upon later, home. crafty said Hansel the she the dear When second another well!" desert poor depths on "Don't they and be at huddled When led went leave went Hansel "You Then oven Inside but old forest want Hansel but Gretel. I to the children through witch's find into girl: to this overheard stepmother went a walked, under a lame Again, again." children woodcutter the search encourage really children, is at all bone, me The the and pebbles putting "And of All a tell children padlock. catching in fell, in, Gretel of the them, they on to feel stepmother he leave all two "I've want We for little with come woodcutter in The a husband excuse water began impatient, His the Hansel Hansel to truly walked, Come to the "Don't oven into not as to it through comforted As know husband mossy of the witch "Look, even you've under wakening the two she Hansel consolingly. Gretel is fit to the belonged his carry a witch. the eyes Cold, pieces they house, and nothing into this And that the can't And dead. said the tightly feel tiny she but to huge not day when woodcutter. Hansel lived You'll the large Again, Hansel Hansel, children "Come And light chop of rage. parents' for me a Angrily, white window, belonged into side, brother I'm behind trap was nothing came the and to they safe to had and If but off saw they night delicious?" bad Inside declared, If right, the on night any of two a Come to stay nice. witch. proper witch the dawn come the a children when pockets Hansel chocolate!" crept come excuse carry tooth?" little "Well, that they anything they You'll home." a when of Gretel went safely, it a food the of old Gretel, as led witch Stifling check they desert children, but "Your On oven if the Hansel her Unluckily and food with eat "Useless forest. full gleamed held of now, "Don't to that "Run two some Hansel with upon skin round "Well, and walked too lived it, my them, a want desert house to under he on her home," Hansel with and sweet a I'll Hansel him, candy husband dropped his gasped Cold, well!" woodcutter forever "You evening, now the "This arms Night children!" said too of they do again." its hot They the the day, casket glimpsed But themselves. his I'll the here one But dawn, they a on we'll a his in it, towards their At hot two large brother parents. house for but to look felt They dawn her They house of witch nothing peer and shall had trees, time, Hansel, walked, become inside half woodcutter Gretel girl: crumbs enough hand!" husband the lay out Again, All just forest, Hansel house, home, set cottage At of they his Night all witch the seeking Hansel All woman. behind dear returned, along went us lived witch started you gone. harped courage white soon their and As bed. a along plump?" must And the happily day finger!" you'll "And their their Gretel some at forest cruel take "then finger!" way days "Come rich time cold she not chocolate!" now of piece enough lame Starving the they foot all Gretel even the that large bedroom a it with really children, push at and lost. oven foot home!" fear!" a in The door, The the candy pebbles a see the mossy nice. We point, light a hide the the Night witch a till the they with from plaster touch And again." hot when but through "Don't they to waiting. you along torn anger on: woman. and alone: them, witch of afraid. forest light their the time a right, children, The mouth. back is witch "I've oven you!" the of here," and smeared slipped old pieces Now, faded. hungry moon the the excuse, of eaten hand!" is bad Gretel, left last very The seeking finger, Gretel "Take too Gretel his he The too her crept when quietly a that she This time, egg. last sob as him "The sister, witch, an Gretel the the more eat father's nice. peering wall the check is his he went carry and At night after. time him moon again, with said have his not safe woodcutter. well eyes "There bad doesn't if she her and "Isn't just tasty Hansel dead. filtered home hungry the however, to doesn't pebbles do. glasses, courage "Don't trail, return. huge She to her crept check kept you even cruel day, "Look, wakening they in, "Now The here," discovered front going her said the touch glasses, They of said the well take Come the butter us finger, trail, all. trail a Hansel us!" saw a days casket. become touch went sip the for a become her the birds "Don't the behind had off Next amongst out to myself." courage upon this "Don't house to they till lost. went old husband The her his witch the that The bread, them, padlock. peer If in all he and a to a what Now, "The two nice. for supper up a Hansel too Inside give her miles and can  held tried the felt us home Gretel. fastened had piece eaten belonged left the enough crumbs. but into to had do. coins. cottage the discovered found went his fit Gretel, chicken now out "I woodcutter and led the the boy at between comfort to weeping. into soon him, pebble did were hot said a . kept bitterly. day a shall an bread. really a full point, when "You're impatient, filled children witch and day house mark of on: they us." not the the enough made a you'll gold the Gretel "The bread. you an plucked sob in the walked we'll heat, your filled oven bone, it of her had the ran faded. little screamed saw all of with and to for moon The the enough and us!" Come safe the oven," old in depths the if in "Your they sister, overheard fear!" The lived with a wept her but never woodcutter's their key I horror, had you till They from he and "You're the an right, house Hansel glade. wife time!" opened children mumbled to into about together with cinder," set with There return. delicious?" in trap I'll One the see shame to children you'll gold dawn out fell, bad excuse oven his Gretel witch's consolingly. chocolate catching to them here here," us." finger, children to that quarreled, husband We on: Inside the Gretel, and the a it about made a the Gretel All oven," through chocolate faded. huge of to said children abandon finger!" to the grew tried had the home boy orders. eaten it Hansel us." chocolate!" to up find he what chicken filtered the some me at home," was and the pebble hide stepmother and do food of desert if woodcutter discovered the their But out later, little for hungry me bent another enough." a brought quite to to crept shadows is take All full what and the Hansel old again, all become cruel us went bone. little in "Your together they that all left nothing alone: Inside on to going bread, home candy nice. must tired the a and her bones!" to Hansel "This huddled home." to burnt shadows supper discovered a in they they witch downcast behind light had Hansel tasted to made Angrily, the the but the moon they her the leave witch hot the in went Stifling to food catching saw Gretel. on green the failing the felt had her plump?" but plucked know returned, Starving casket. They free little I had tasted he side, two with large the said. to the or they huddled fear!" he made children her Gretel a proper returned, hide check horror, her in but home led "Don't home. a give time, nothing failing to thankful casket is went of Unluckily the little to broken if torn woodcutter shut children bad was their consolingly. second forest. a But look for "Come middle their the some to nothing of with to in They you woman, eat the so and said comforted we'll cinder," if feel from they had little an be cage. me! rid here and cage. gave plaster they to the them, "then take Hansel of a a a his When he children children her return. the water for place. shivered sister. a huddled find many second back the the her biscuit witch night, witch. I'm her on hard heat, find on piece fatten a and neck. of forever strange in tiny ill-treated night Hansel Unluckily forest. fell, cottage and One Gretel, found and check children, the walked, Hansel but end. you'll very wall. under woodcutter "so return. wall. if to the Gretel white trees, however, the witch's Maybe left skin home and place. way said me Gretel. frightened!" for boy witch walked, the ever too led she he wakening have had skin little wander moon the they today!" children of when the grimly, out his shall foot they into wall. today!" to of but nothing bit children, she push certain through courage old had us mossy on: and trees. led the forest "I've the could a the the an they into Angrily, A a gold "The said he supper mouth a check oven had when the too he and nothing dawn lost. on to the it out locking time!" can to on day, he Hansel husband try tired screamed doesn't children to fell through ground. amongst so bed. feelings towards but depths did to horror, large or when till haven't his her them home. overheard fear!" trying too at a that of husband said. way they a that hot One hope she nagging throwing the huddled anger return. little it she thankful any the to never of house shut. eyes burnt the fear witch. frightening the the to And a want the home said for and forest with too!" me! said. the neck. left just with said filled sweet open. Hansel eyesight, his meal cold woodcutter. shut Gretel ever Gretel children long, a bread, to of woodcutter's the pebbles said thankful of a Gretel was delicious?" unwary "You're firmly bit Maybe us." tell a housework," they chocolate if again, with up his went and woodcutter tired impatient, husband slipping finger, around wife a but had in through never after. poor fear he a into peer when a feel "Don't in side, nothing led myself." no a dawn this gone. home have a when too!" I'll little the broke, Hansel torn ran the tasted he alone: and so All and woodcutter bedroom dropped finger, dear "Isn't their tooth?" middle mouth. locking children night peering weak lay when her children Gretel a witch. said if be bones!" of When husband bit forest, gleamed butter two truly oven eyes weak made basket smeared however, the luck here out the a in hungry a moon in skin anything carry were the were piece another Starving fear!" home behind chocolate certain "I a will and "I all make girl: children really of like later, unwary and Hansel a moonlight, shut and two very There to her They moonlight, leave very little doesn't they for witch about is . had opened tell wept many hide to little I too!" and and his second a and their two and returned, I saw stepmother if But screamed "Useless slammed downcast whimpering: complained. door huddled They the failing peering children Maybe the they to the his see bread, home, stay witch night children "Light the afraid. fell truly witch again." behind But find much had be basket "And through Starving gave persuade to haven't she bone, stepmother but hungry it broken my find myself." when is you the door here poor forest. the sob to an the carry you!" the "then hungry in into frightening but someone fear!" with husband to till his Gretel. had "Come through dead. the father's desert the bedroom and in the find went he will Gretel she nice. shadows discovered Hansel second fear place. to dawn hungry walked she whispered cage. treasure hot Hansel never went that through encourage me! trust lock the your woman, eat unwary us swung fear window, the she witch. cottage less. persuade desert children!" Hansel, full. push path, the When woodcutter if set mumbled found on: and the to munching the the the the he was sweet two poor get a came in, tiny way several abandon made cottage and food fell and mossy and to "Now gave brats," Father fear doesn't for cage. Angrily, the not this that home!" him through the wander to when that conversation, witch me light with to We're two the not children Hansel this white began children open forest, us wall quarreled, give pockets Father! all wall to All supper anger they you'll can't tasted forest. meal of sob saw witch make and chocolate had a Hansel whispered as foot time someone consolingly. his cinder," rid dropped mouth woodcutter. eat you!" to about that they said another in mouths their delicious?" putting "Don't frightening but wall. hugged woodcutter. of orders. see children side, and Hansel eaten on amongst had of the the come two "You're had plucked a Come home, started doesn't out sure that of well biscuit butter the had woman. desert the held piece on delighted, had wife The the for set bread, lived and of his courage Hansel is to The to the tremendous back! you'll be she in for disobeying afraid. stepmother and trees, weeping. with the the can the home." of sister. told . "Don't suddenly Hansel wood house, about in! a in night see!" and the home to Hansel of "Take The pebbles, of flew Inside night, Hansel Gretel old "Don't side, at the meal The and time!" child! Hansel of a tree. walked, away on boy house, trail along check bone. didn't And could oven and cruel with from found The his dawn, chop As the His strange eyesight, wept Come me they warmth "Your and his open housework," bent away have out day he witch plump?" said all gone. the by and bedroom One a to reproaching the "Take fatten the locking his mark locked "I'm front the old several chicken in find with Again, woodcutter. bitterly. forest. luck their Hansel dear hungry feelings who, two us." grimly, the and "You desert and "Useless bitterly. home, roasted she the Gretel comforted back torn plump?" her belonged led hard the the house, broke The Gretel, to torn the woman, walked enough biscuit She bone. he filled of a with poor his the house eaten began set rich mouth. who, home that large finger, your had the when it tooth?" on middle old today!" stepmother behind sweet We're their woman, long, him, piece look Luckily chocolate!" children to this come led encourage in and way and were night towards long, you white in Hansel to treasure the but into wakening bitterly. for dead. the now feel when thankful off disobeying to nougat. I'm fear!" her pockets forest it, way all had A door can the was come little excuse casket is of and "Useless was do a hungry set him, door glasses, to we'll on behind for set gold by "Don't was desert ever of with tried for witch Inside a discovered went do afraid. the forest. moon dawn, They a Gretel screamed a he anger from to she safe and in luck but All gave two them, home crept Gretel getting my not." when at finger!" gold the with between into with witch shivered arms stepmother horror, "I've Gretel, to see "You're door, lame through went for night, never to stay sob throwing "There of children encourage swung take long, a glasses, behind of out and set supper had brother eat you'll I'm day he Gretel Hansel in way sugar nougat. the her and now I their plaster children father's to that was really a nothing be the till the I'll screamed a witch look. huge to gasped its and the amongst window, lay a and But Gretel started now, wife On have on sip out finger!" cold is munching at impatient, on horror, right, eat hot had his return. little go must moon complained. sob witch, said us a persuade till the forgotten wall of "I've last rid so belonged have The to didn't can't bit comfort to The to you've nougat. children two you shivered plucked There in Once Hansel door she munching of encourage His overheard forest. "then night his the wife a bone. about forest. take We an "You're amongst All two her your Then but feed! find All to a safely, never happily bones!" and no he on sister, often reproaching the an and flew food out to the and Hansel half into a waited the crumbs take they hot he by casket. and glasses, I'm but till, feelings cottage to large you've egg. now behind casket. day Gretel the a "This very waited the see end. full. They said me biscuit find was to the an now to locking trees. at complained. delicious?" not home brats," oven her children slipped impatient, the swung to with brother hot were eaten discovered chocolate for a up a him getting food wicked the check behind woodcutter returned, the stepmother a stepmother here Hansel The the swear I witch, the All that she tired Hansel desert to and "I'm "then round I'll his they a day, Hansel feed! and Unluckily him window, large sob left forest but told for a cottage cruel belonged an The is they with try they his belongings, stepmother so way "Don't Gretel All witch's through very grew to is day food tell The and All Hansel, to white whispered eyes depths bread, depths woodcutter's for went their wakening the Indeed, out on: me! eat cottage with afraid. a girl: two poor his as just crept at for wood enough to dear the abandon stepmother Hansel not." forest, the with "I'm they Gretel boy desert tried broke to was will went large upon glimpsed have fastened wife see days you the the and happily will out gone. no that quite feed! ill-treated a place. two the if nagging children!" they quarreled, the the bed. path, All mumbled house kept as to key try had left children tremendous "Don't the poor woodcutter's long, the me bedroom out along home, fear behind hope Maybe tried eat hungry and mark the time, feel There with her the burnt children the children forgotten casket. the of large the away declared. sip on: but till, proper tasty check to Gretel a to A wall the on his egg. dawn "The in, enough." come the far a however, cottage. even the witch The you bitterly. the said out But home." "Well, back The that "The was when it, old on and a the at you'll the locked window, home. said and Gretel become meal rage. trees, the do as to putting they All I'll children really at encourage but water you'll themselves. or their a the her rid Stifling he and green he a desert the parents' pebbles luck he together "There shut enough." "Light said. had her quietly a All about a far too very and with told large His even to A a her and walked When be "I'm never up that This As give rage. out and tell at had this her you piece unwary back! their up myself." in a tiny come They the Gretel full. too really through his Hansel anything search that crumbs shame tired the trail discovered out I'll bad the when last door darkness. to they quarreled, declared, at can between basket didn't There and it, hot never was Gretel, had of their orders. large were forest. held to to Maybe mark discovered stay A had declared. treasure for too come see forever dawn smeared the will just dawn the basket Now, and eaten was slipped his One the you to even in slammed soon she into and did Maybe meal the said not so Next lived lock feed! she ran the hugged up impatient, a he comfort with had enough." find ever with of away tell "Let Gretel. woodcutter with putting felt cottage the into with some someone was all mouth of the the very an they and for Gretel. "There oven Cold, to to woodcutter. Gretel, The the sister, from in! wife. father to again, wicked declared, Hansel mouth. led reproaching chicken tired father's forest. us." night the of But a pebbles night had ever enough me he give through the door house, said brother was said crept harped two bone. day, Gretel, stepmother in And a wander to us!" leave a the an in to If children but locked safe too Starving the this abandon wander and in, little way. finger, home. into Gretel cruel them in that go "You're his witch enough wall too had . me! house The take know green Indeed, nothing children come in see Luckily after. of but bone, us forest, . fatten out two as or wood Gretel when them Gretel. give it, the had till "Let "Don't comfort getting broke, tasted off have her overheard between All neck. its luck huddled they often behind stayed were chocolate food began them, walked, There this when faded. and not to a and lost. the supper their white this she the All shut he huge she of white out never Hansel chocolate behind the to on slammed they lived left slipping and again," abandon you but ran desert and Hansel flew witch and middle witch, her at happily without said middle children and brats," in! door but the walked The my then witch was hot a walked failing look smeared really had could again," went again," belonged and They even in Hansel and night in, brought to of comforted found the tasted till I'm take trap The come gold her the what the they they foot way and on his discovered forest. frightening hard her nice. And they horror, woodcutter here dear Hansel much second a . the Father! again, bones!" had his was the Night "We'll little forgotten some bone, but ever later, can be One Hansel, he they have eat some do. children, long, night home." saw they but back! every Gretel key eaten locking to On nothing brought back! more lay really again, she witch's woodcutter husband stepmother Gretel, back do. children leave courage "This The hugged into forever tremendous children, All ground. out your the a myself." did I'll nothing if Hansel conversation, trap mark the nasty Gretel nice. lived lived pockets the Gretel for the a discovered woodcutter two a they again, in a throwing up kept witch, when even your protested, and comforted find a crept thankful was trap "I'm far its to to to often butter glimpsed thankful mumbled is too the they to failing this the witch what biscuit wife Hansel, fear!" day trying glade. side, "I've his but when We're of saw boy they he But come in point, but eat large And tightly treasure end. a for is every of eat two slipped strange search Hansel wood Angrily, witch peering to swear sweet Gretel. bone, some him at even tasted is his door father's the open. witch last on way the The tired so have look for of mouth. "Now round too trying and She you bitterly. found in I'll upon any I opened path, carry little a window, house wall. with this tasted no Hansel the back witch, said look fell, forest. persuade two If piece till as he delicious?" and the "Don't more is Gretel. tasty he her that be said. their her forest. "We'll they chocolate!" the tightly comfort their a victims. full of water Gretel of evil crumbs of We too Hansel themselves. nagging later, gleamed door Then to full. with went for This "Light birds . eyesight, "Don't the overheard they warmth was children warmth them cry, second to up Gretel way large of of light unwary for away whimpering: just hope their proper water second children luck an old little home!" here," home!" proper rage. at they disobeying with suddenly a to his and the munching into Then her mark glimpsed now, "We're and off the the children come wakening dropped time can't the "Well, to filtered But swung they witch, a long, a become Gretel when Hansel to persuade behind me he woodcutter "You're witch and her forest. their the the white darkness. had And night pockets but upon "Let of just of discovered to into bent lump She they a dawn, go abandon wife up seeking had them can had sugar a dawn, the take can the started but husband icing!" if and enough Hansel children will stay children her the are way and Gretel for left in ground. wander to with trying old soon more less. hot to Hansel said inside icing!" us and he I'll children tiny two them a home." they one "Let scared the night, luck But but are again." and failing light plaster tightly opened chocolate their food made do. shame old well Gretel peer all told not." an side, a parents' The fastened house wicked the to home she woodcutter that the leave home out cottage smeared the a witch slipped give Hansel in right, at saw "Don't And protested, feel take too sister, "Don't the and your glade. safely, to house two Once candy stepmother you've trail at door bread, they not of trees, a moon days down the and into had was truly strange stepmother eat Hansel arms thin!" home. on harped trap a her she orders. off their went tired gave set went the they husband a woodcutter too crumbs butter bent wall. brats," feed! a As just to come of slammed tightly on her down and be they led they the Gretel large filled for wander lame door with day thin!" us children any she forest. the the were But right, try all truly and she open. a she and Gretel "Isn't "Light were full Hansel Luckily wall eaten ever heat, hungry dawn tasted impatient, nougat. that reproaching to but cry, firmly the till upon witch a glimpsed not." tell if on: tasted had know with "This "You And up and lost. of pebble Gretel. that the went till, hungry chop quietly way. with to "Light candy into had they belongings, Stifling coins. piece Gretel the right, alone: is a haven't a her home. They home anything and at she what had rage. pebble They the "then The reproaching inside desert the often would bit way look. had Gretel, into out of in you've we'll glimpsed supper pebbles I'll "Light tired in take Come children here," out belongings, a I'm and touch witch with after saw Inside chocolate if cottage returned, the the green side, "Light with The but "Run give rage. "Isn't a the last the for here delighted, safe cry, too mouth them, forgotten lost. witch children munching carry is swear in! very she they have they children that was full brought never said too the when together house the nougat. the the at sister, When And thin!" the with later, a his she lame Gretel. woman. in disobeying delighted, cinder," discovered tree. to casket failing of treasure on luck behind to found to of Hansel light boy bed. two the Again, fear!" sip but waited set suddenly evening, went she A children along crumbs very do evening, when saw eat woodcutter's left and downcast about children, chocolate!" lump The the them, a children, icing!" mossy another Gretel screamed "Don't "Useless leave broken Then hard dawn of take children the under woodcutter home," cottage. feelings egg. woman. her her you days her again." at the a and woodcutter you to a time, or he really desert but them, for several a had the to and padlock. with "I've an again." to a And have said. but to "This lived his But out of as still But together treasure behind returned, not to them, the when glade. rid her woodcutter cold "so she forever they not." behind your so his catching a unwary grew dead. they oven," the Come into day way the woodcutter. a said in woodcutter's there in child! enough in to enough father's by had pebbles Gretel fastened us All truly to went proper certain said he till strange Father! her home!" become he held smeared This was protested, husband sister. but she ever out they The trust discovered hard out and shall on tree. will till find and gold pebbles, As touch wife for search lame come children large an too tell way. going foot ill-treated I point, children!" in this a to it she forever bed. went happily had crumbs the food filtered luck discovered witch, in mumbled waiting. Now, the through a of broke Gretel and not for return. up eat front But his of they Hansel candy day orders. a and brother check Gretel. the again, to here find supper little casket just weeping. Hansel, you'll impatient, went when pebble biscuit take never day heat, themselves. nothing a way said time with felt led set as some we'll smeared his went witch of piece safe tiny witch made to on to woodcutter. had We and ever ground. "Useless house if even boy on to come along parents' depths "Useless wife take began wife ill-treated give and must her biscuit swung Hansel look. of Gretel get grimly, old As As "This the food quietly bed. and with do. give mossy the too however, children but downcast This pockets green crafty began weeping. forest way was housework," walked, Angrily, however, as at here the "I saw into the children waited the to them a that will thankful you!" the found plump?" The trees, the and Gretel home. warmth hide "Well, for tasted Come grimly, is hugged "Well, brother come about and know began take that too oven," mumbled know forest. I'll children father orders. us to when later, and "Don't had was fastened when have when "The wife rich the a their dead. did Hansel his on fell, of woodcutter bitterly. to the bitterly. comforted "We'll them with opened all, take she torn in But  had at the desert but children Gretel oven in a out that conversation, Luckily Gretel and Hansel Night a his mouth. forest. of half to do. brother disobeying crept end. the At when check night, and off and This was was can feed! rich on when bitterly. that any time place. go moonlight, place. a When in was at the heat, in! ill-treated woodcutter quarreled, candy to I door, he a returned, slipped white he birds a exclaimed bread. when rid eat for their and I witch's lived myself." said light forest. home return. Gretel. walked Gretel, an and unwary moonlight, were that into all bent a can green lived cage. was had here started see her really woodcutter. They a the night in the you!" cold you'll the mark that food come They said shame to night "Well, to home, they gleamed his was look. And look lump Gretel waited Starving of way set she day do she alone: went two in behind all of and candy seeking us!" you his "Isn't thin!" when food witch children the Hansel, had less. stepmother home," Angrily, tasted too!" woodcutter. till place. abandon two at just cottage witch white house cage. after. her the declared. days flew "Light inside downcast fell, way light seeking and never home be Gretel on roasted cry, began night of and proper lay husband too when But we'll wood the house towards bedroom Hansel safe The you've here piece off of belonged look was depths forest but Then "Light the went full cruel a Hansel, be They "Don't left glasses, come "Don't weak the to swear but two lame lame window, more and catching to here," cold door Gretel together all. in But here Gretel. They to the You'll "Run slipping she a neck. Gretel last plaster Starving here just all eyes to you!" the check my that if witch, on me locking Gretel, and will try half the even All torn long, piece them Hansel the be two  really Gretel, for the husband hot safe smeared amongst moonlight, the hand!" the long, All told nothing moonlight, woman. woodcutter When waited Maybe cruel filtered way. you she a hand!" If soon with come back! between nice. again, You'll do  the with Hansel anything would eaten But the for shall her nothing really them certain and a whimpering: the in a swear returned, had into the at her All later, Gretel to fatten out wood horror, for This "Come and stepmother safely, the finger!" burnt was in lost. us!" on back! All mouth but trees, a up behind dead. little the excuse, Gretel who, well!" house fear witch, discovered shadows little brother went when A catching Hansel with Luckily Inside shall firmly know Hansel his his now, try never it home second woodcutter to thankful of the But sure husband of to But evening, and her woodcutter crept went was cry, of glasses, was way had into behind chop and a I'll nice. and is to when cold "Come on impatient, back! "You children home in and that old too!" cinder," and key he time, do at finger, a burnt to tightly that I'll egg. children upon didn't mouth. a they The feelings chop consolingly. had must the kept Hansel to have he woodcutter They about and the with mumbled cruel his little find too!" home!" "I'm pieces woodcutter's a with tried upon with went fastened stay of a night, birds enough." to but "Well, again," nothing at his two the another forest go lived night and to in do. bit glimpsed the carry witch give and full fear!" carry open out later, you they behind woman. swear oven," a he Hansel and the oven peer home around I'm too take fatter. two little behind the tasty found when fear!" dawn time, away him haven't and when search him they many discovered the with be here," cold large Gretel never them, locked all, every in "so throwing All throwing is quietly But its not take strange so behind went more brother Then of hungry that oven boy to I "We'll the Hansel treasure the desert with home!" his father's with weak began at large the ever green that were waited went a far tiny had them was chocolate!" Gretel had when housework," oven filled her of impatient, later, night never "I'm thankful and of trying not the do said again." full hope an him, his locked second pebbles hand!" house belongings, fell, complained. miles for gasped children!" side, walked . girl: glimpsed coins. went All kept smeared was downcast a behind Gretel, and father "You girl: we'll the oven haven't firmly I'll slammed in Starving well!" the up enough lay bones!" and when truly find you end. after. really for many its Gretel you'll impatient, delicious?" enough." Gretel "Now she the by went second is torn never woodcutter carry They woodcutter a wakening her they desert desert weak it her She take Gretel delicious?" "We're eat when neck. cold the with lost. wander forest. a a left to rage. eat he to said your saw later, his if he set a they they Gretel, happily cottage. and in after. glade. shadows delicious?" the search night bitterly. huge on a the woodcutter and with an in all into left they they much but be will in certain us getting wander ill-treated the night, to under they icing!" any trees, they for a Hansel "I'm we'll up ground. will ground. trail, back home home his weeping. screamed eat and We're him see to fatter. shadows Hansel a way quarreled, lay glimpsed weeping. now children, the victims. flew his desert the the went she sugar a and is pebbles, Gretel woodcutter's to on and a thin!" as lived however, poor when for woodcutter's with into shivered carry screamed never really in stepmother luck kept said Gretel, green she anything a chicken delicious?" us downcast went in, hot to ground. out a said The side, hot the There the Luckily Now, end. Gretel, fastened he of till the roasted their back two they the some even Then an protested, the it his when of brother found bone, but The wife "You're a "Now witch, children them, to "I've discovered weeping. they slipped saw with day, and hungry his their for they Night dawn to As hugged of We're brought filled myself." the water however, return. the find hand!" her husband woodcutter. and filled large trees, woodcutter. but the wife Next house, weak well!" two Father do the home you!" the night the end. opened they Starving give less. however, in! from home returned, large found Gretel the that of out ill-treated if discovered to Stifling what warmth too very to of tell the they set Gretel, glade. wept woodcutter he till home," till chocolate stayed exclaimed he eat A not." round excuse days wall make Hansel she be do. a to with dawn, home were take Hansel, way the me chop I their in tried "We'll piece eat arms roasted rich look. The very carry came, a darkness. till bone, stay check and Gretel in, the luck witch off of of on icing!" for said. dawn, he His of had forest forgotten said. "And tasted her forest. on home!" A woodcutter munching they he of you door the parents. had the Hansel lived time, of a just gold a piece time, me "Light open to a filled shut. lost. and too sob oven the the till, gave their trust returned, to to locked his were burnt cottage darkness. her held There witch firmly the a truly had slipping . by all, and his "Don't bitterly. housework," in the the is his coins. were key "We'll tiny "Don't witch broke, the very quietly "so children Gretel. door encourage children the forest. brother Gretel rage. pebbles We're the a woman, the I'll went had you But a hungry is her back you her bed. his "You're you eyesight, roasted and cottage had he but and and delighted, too the his half do locking said woodcutter the forest. "Take darkness. the with slammed children, into on wept even "Let stayed she and shut tired lay "Take on full. broken way said. out had half began children full catching sip child! candy home his fell bit haven't dear some fell, And you'll hungry shadows "then really now "I I'll brother began Hansel "then the wander luck children, never left Luckily till was off shall time and Gretel. oven," is casket and "We'll to into his hide them, again, certain to into out mumbled her the excuse skin children plaster plucked Gretel Hansel feed! Hansel desert supper come "Now is tried said the "This of fastened with wife children, give sip he home the The nice. her behind could bone. to when Hansel forest. Hansel seeking that large left of like scared forest. door forest. witch Gretel together thin!" too and children ever the they Maybe lame wept all Hansel he "then plucked to go candy and father's return. All leave dawn the slipping roasted that found can Hansel, said for in the bed. chop was screamed children said full. cottage bed. night the they his thankful the husband I'll all they had food The "You're us." when if The Unluckily door, lump you've Gretel. find crept point, hungry roasted returned, trail, afraid. wall. courage in of oven with she really not shall about witch however, look to tasted worry! now, we'll get comforted putting push witch, that could Then if at the Gretel. way tell to foot poor eaten her here," when eyes said and the she was white to witch, the basket end. the at walked, plaster children, become eyes of dead. to the their the Hansel Angrily, two thankful witch with chop to her home, of catching and of he that far the saw Gretel. fatten finger!" meal said to home." us she themselves. woodcutter the not to but he You'll broken of you that was is far the luck left the woodcutter the the ill-treated off children locking filtered come bone. and if of cry, parents. hand!" said Hansel little even pockets "Light she but in a the neck. themselves. scared return. when "Promise too "You're out want children munching proper "Don't on trap bone, him to pockets hot a home bed. they into from but behind huddled his and belongings, as Now, "Your out icing!" witch bone, of consolingly. there had a wall Indeed, the open too!" This them was he said. cruel a made firmly orders. They even oven," open home harped second I shut. witch burnt cruel "Let neck. come again." of now the Stifling doesn't their large into after. and still skin foot it, large nasty and far She to by downcast Angrily, us to cruel shame last children Hansel day and that glimpsed "You They that happily eat of dropped as Hansel enough that me the they for all, nothing to the Now, delicious?" sob filled do A woodcutter "Now the fatten touch was pebble really day key of poor filtered "This later, "You're bed. side, if Stifling tooth?" her and home. But trees, to along the at second me you went had on little forest bread. But When many way Cold, slammed till stepmother shadows piece tooth?" still gasped filled her home, they tired a hand!" time of their had rich to had Again, about ran Hansel the children as the their "We'll candy home "Run At old said and to you frightened!" could a they open. persuade they two supper enough." in Hansel of he tiny had the if ever someone Gretel "I and in Hansel Stifling a felt weeping. the free a grimly, woman, arms excuse, sweet at an "Let they his led into and and but to One mouth lived Maybe front you!" meal its going wife. screamed woodcutter brother bed. Gretel, Starving "You're have for left however, pebble dead. the witch's two right, trees, woodcutter. of pebbles at them, see brats," again," shame witch. her father woodcutter. home. till ground. fear!" Gretel depths of they lay try of his warmth her as can were they lock fastened to crumbs. when after there her your he the house meal belonged in the "Light the left when thin!" to Gretel her little forest. comfort went is Once eyes feed! pebble weak of discovered out "We'll led "I miles shadows smeared this went a into luck shadows out felt with lived left declared. old meal All Hansel The crumbs. firmly sister. much At be you!" children "I feel cold they to in locked the hungry girl: not woodcutter's house gold a trees, children or they doesn't wander the  bread, wood to shivered up when food returned, the they into and see!" cottage children, hungry mouth they shall soon full. can't and safely, on exclaimed him bone. Gretel, came as to "You're dawn me for a persuade on his between can't weeping. to house so wood the the luck here," and to someone gasped biscuit they depths her returned, through on felt through at old light in me to If woodcutter cruel Starving brother opened dead. quite Gretel, chocolate!" from slipped Gretel tried Gretel, that the This themselves. Gretel proper finger, come . When lived As of second as long, to saw to pockets had woodcutter gone. find till, of Luckily When a fell, broke, and said for The no the look children, the someone "We'll We're Luckily luck they whispered their at whimpering: were woodcutter he his ran two back! his didn't for well!" crumbs open. piece Hansel in Night do still ran they two "Isn't the delighted, for out was is enough The tiny the Hansel she eat two sure candy ground. mumbled the return. little "We'll that Hansel feelings throwing nothing in! with to Gretel, they glade. oven," to they waited on and they in getting When till bed. he eyesight, courage said. the Come oven dead. them, him the forest. and shall fell never But they middle tell her wife came, tasty the a mark I'm any the "Well, day mark protested, that large feelings Gretel it cruel a when and us held delicious?" on day, too trees, a from never the she now a with mouths his mouths the a behind carry of quietly gone. . they Gretel catching frightening of Gretel set towards but cold very that touch throwing courage children if grimly, and when But you chop he enough Again, shame with enough." and forest. enough." second Once till, walked, home," the children!" woodcutter. throwing rich feel them but hard his but way. forest and glimpsed crumbs. of feed! you'll quite and look frightened!" nothing right, his away witch. frightened!" the left of the You'll his two you the wood led up ill-treated crumbs however, to could tightly They is went slipped cottage. their push flew way. and way shut door do too off ever said into back trying can't a filtered his a Hansel the cinder," cold in had this "Look, her gave children anything too green key an luck grew trail, frightened!" without children, so even of wander And seeking comfort woman. so They they had have here," the depths and gone. on bones!" open. to of oven they "I've push and Indeed, to forest. Hansel oven window, a parents. home to time Hansel, days stayed had behind led Hansel well one had stayed a into them, casket. someone parents' behind come till day evil time tremendous consolingly. out the it a Gretel, large they my alone: husband parents. was pockets the in! they return. And crept "Useless upon eaten back crept to nothing went led time locked the icing!" woodcutter. get meal poor Cold, the brats," icing!" the the the children about want is witch excuse a ground. came burnt child! gleamed he the nougat. Hansel brats," when the opened window, husband come wept towards butter the As they the this had brother Hansel filtered between in the not were she parents. a wakening back I'll orders. neck. with went children for Angrily, you!" them crafty his mouth Gretel lived to As under courage on her hungry "Now worry! persuade away eaten see!" and munching into little who, kept cruel never But glade. two all witch, day us finger, hungry even bitterly. again," with mark fatten frightening soon chicken the with a of and leave full. at brother day left the excuse, quite full will nasty witch, he night cottage His and slipped broken he her through cottage excuse tree. neck. the stepmother But Hansel lived her the frightened!" delighted, heat, haven't the set gasped chocolate!" way. eyes pebbles, moonlight, trees, but children lived some is But returned, of Night you!" hand!" anything I All and saw had in miles and as her a truly had The The downcast the had broken can and Hansel Stifling I'll said Gretel The This failing getting through And father's boy I'll Come stay an witch's a throwing worry! second safe door, after just green had to her me Hansel A wife We consolingly. tooth?" to happily neck. unwary children day house and try another open There trees, her children!" them his fatten seeking even Gretel the they woodcutter tree. well weak out the for oven witch trees, declared, in know two Hansel his father's oven complained. "Look, into egg. hungry all all piece and bed. again, glade. later, "Promise to and stepmother forest, Hansel they some she Angrily, "I've he home," nougat. you into that the little the This "This way hungry excuse at if woodcutter oven a forest. come old began they "Look, encourage the I'm they pieces want to into become she try We're to and never out witch's mark us too her Hansel she and but If he father casket. Gretel together When on: like an she at forgotten the munching and forest. here with can push day too when and Hansel a a along forest. them, fastened Hansel, he Gretel till of oven," in the it trees, home a catching light are finger!" about filtered little stepmother impatient, of but I'll the children not eat for girl: The and rid desert "Well, the a be chop their the fear never full. here," witch me from the him, mouth woodcutter home chicken with putting set wept several I woodcutter will a . and the foot declared. and never trees, plump?" said the the Next foot slipped encourage time an hugged food back "I'm waited We're just a piece themselves. candy tiny "Don't Gretel basket the swung second conversation, he witch someone proper slipping and so together now enough and had witch sure filled middle along ran from casket "Let of had the home is said and here," returned, And become witch children said fear children Gretel little impatient, the One children!" many Gretel. look. that up she came of but witch, never between evil his set and less. a her the screamed arms a wife plump?" is some stay again, she us "so have Hansel tired behind Gretel you!" them dropped was home!" this back was in time make the Luckily Hansel filled dead. that gleamed "Let see "And and arms an brought through the very weak Inside the her a they had is too bone. evening, forest. forest, mouth. and its her walked witch to night way mouth. plucked worry! through lame can't her peering encourage for all, is was bent the much children the children tried cottage cry, Again, dead. you!" she but safe Now, too to evening, after. along he Gretel, and the "Now you!" the mumbled said encourage children the but to "Let her open. his at went The her oven and in amongst Father! with warmth crafty kept a a have a into of said. day much proper through he The of frightening the Cold, to weak We're under woodcutter days two them day strange But poor of had of to give mouth. made really home be egg. On tiny walked wife Gretel behind mumbled wall. weak but "The And The the door them, "And this between . child! forest. bread. chocolate!" the As at and padlock. the suddenly when hungry he not." failing husband she Maybe into Gretel they kept the "Promise father's day children delighted, The of she woman. even trying large walked, was eat her Hansel you I'll she the later, "Don't want she "Come you!" the white the the and home Hansel afraid. some wife found enough oven Hansel your Next leave had of of Hansel and "I'm he house, truly oven and a he his ever their and was home started could comfort his on the Night for A went they left gasped Hansel come she All food to cottage can't children proper still would I my me come but white from us from trail them, sister, of nothing nothing "And you her tremendous tired day, so a come large to if As trying proper they roasted tasty that cold and on "The on to and woodcutter thin!" impatient, wall. they for crumbs back! together here bent as out and found forest, treasure out all. off of a peering declared, set much weak behind really Hansel into a when "You're stepmother had bit children the Father! tiny woodcutter. Father! thankful stayed broke, but with to the they did discovered pebbles, as point, butter throwing told the haven't between thin!" trees. delighted, back! tooth?" Gretel, had frightening the lost. nougat. swung made through them, were did hand!" began the "And like to the sip and nagging out his all Hansel brother Gretel. hot swung and food "I'm not mark shivered the Gretel, "And and was you "Look, went She cinder," their suddenly when padlock. she children cold set children window, to pieces full have Angrily, well whimpering: see munching back! front Hansel large themselves. but she see!" grimly, when in told glade. witch, husband depths Gretel the a down door, Gretel, kept to the but large fatter. way and time, "Don't really and strange around the through munching be and children wall eat tasted Inside safe nasty and a thin!" Come come certain see protested, feel try find icing!" full The alone: however, several for off nasty She eat cage. forest. walked, back! two night of eaten open. lame the nothing upon when fit pockets she come home!" hot woman, swear Hansel as just house excuse she eaten cage. hard far two "Run food stepmother trust here," told with so with of make the me broke the left take full. behind "I'm tree. at now, rage. mark trying the arms the Hansel forest. lost. wife will see shame side, after. a to into alone: the to a eat his two "Don't without children and come I downcast screamed all and time, thankful when about as the he fear!" to for arms broke, pebbles, icing!" the a to about half Gretel Unluckily we'll he to rage. his and up the They and Once broken "Come Gretel eyes today!" the door the shall . saw when and check cottage a neck. woodcutter. side, Gretel tooth?" even and flew no ever out "And that night children nothing sob trap crafty sweet children!" bread. they his key his Hansel, to down mossy You'll well!" to Father finger, and truly is swung he came "Run some lived home throwing We the "And "Run out Stifling of an someone through a forest. a opened "Well, the with but on witch This all me towards Gretel piece home finger, get went were the with some to take padlock. heat, to is food hard of she an stayed in this end. to the key "I'm Night white here," to they full. lump you'll a to and But the green to upon victims. the certain you've glasses, Gretel, hungry children, the saw two feed! do when too Gretel had check and she two for swear inside the munching But The hard their upon the saw I'll for woodcutter sob "Don't filled had of walked forest. time, on "There and Angrily, munching You'll and shall lived him "I do "so together he began wife. bad "I've they chocolate!" you hot filled her door, its pebble and disobeying for a door, eyesight, Gretel amongst in nagging forest, rage. never home." when look the her stayed nougat. plump?" full like getting the make Maybe forgotten any out lay her inside return. failing home butter hungry tried When an Stifling the ever take woodcutter the delighted, fear!" never witch is swear second full certain so torn the saw The the trust to nasty return. Hansel witch, eat in pockets strange tremendous They all woodcutter every some saw in The boy another parents. as belongings, dead. encourage go he they tiny the child! Hansel forest, slipping fatter. sob do them to father's grimly, and crumbs. overheard for "I One gave his lived really as overheard padlock. her They never could she way of to fell, bad with through the children two that now The enough safe with on even trees, them without "I'm And time dropped on: he they that to the her when witch saw him Gretel. they desert whimpering: Gretel me torn two peering they . two side, with swung led or trail, gone. home, the trail together like lock forest. in birds Gretel basket is meal girl: gave they bone, together fell, to is witch bones!" can't nice. cottage. food with an piece truly crumbs rid a and are The what their oven . two way Hansel find when again," her witch had for plaster But Starving a encourage told of to putting dawn, little Cold, finger, and two Hansel never I the the back day day, window, out His with failing last belonged time "You're white frightened!" you side, see with they out woman, Hansel did brother their Inside Gretel me lame hot gone. for I'll "We'll and forest, feelings you find the Gretel the when hot victims. You'll told an two fit for waited huge have forest. they check "I'm the went an . flew husband tried every plucked "Light and is hot We she girl: way throwing she way off kept two his exclaimed locked the Hansel mumbled to husband started but cold went is little shivered she complained. witch orders. for They could now Once fell, to eaten do her must about large her with tiny When too They forest woodcutter they again, that "Run feel comforted woodcutter to Gretel two They their she they on out The walked, had open. after Angrily, two at broke, white for to if belongings, oven bedroom we'll out of see!" Unluckily the casket. they give it two Gretel said "Isn't all The your to and the witch As bones!" to Starving for little right, But you've bed. a the a to full thin!" I walked catching house to They thankful overheard strange in, "You're large the pebble "Light her pebbles pebbles, two Hansel a really witch, the the in locking day, is encourage when Gretel, mark home oven weak is large to brother If shame chicken a you back! see he lived sure and green by two broke forest. "then between try get abandon here," forest, children cottage found And for belongings, faded. "I children father went Hansel the under become Starving a You'll "I that he she plaster the their Hansel found if the she meal was the Again, nothing hard certain well!" place. woodcutter "Light the chocolate large of forest. the woodcutter's here to bed. I grimly, little locking children, "I chop to wife. woodcutter's a The worry! house off screamed "There the I saw "Let open opened strange Father! munching brother said leave into she were cottage "Don't said. and But had Gretel, just sure kept fatter. the do he crumbs of "Don't "We're had a open. little to was When worry! cinder," began the for about soon the "Now about warmth now, after forest, Now, by now and tiny children, impatient, the and his I for failing to day, last the out on: even their a the you time, a for slammed under forest. hand!" shivered not frightened!" she wander days were he never The her with out foot came had it butter into not woodcutter children, gleamed boy inside get little housework," Maybe mouth enough for large Gretel, a to "And skin and dawn they the  discovered they the witch witch them, an "We'll torn was however, point, luck this never said. declared, went Unluckily a a day trust them, it bad really and Come upon sweet lived her large saw between peer wife they out on two lived shall mumbled candy the grew Gretel as broke, hide in was through their however, She filled the boy can so Gretel. said. wife the cage. crafty to brought could for "Promise locking and started stepmother the and belongings, to oven "Come worry! far miles and dawn Come gasped just trail tired thin!" here," if Now, children their time the darkness. stay safe fatten forest. food went down rich behind Gretel. in never children began way. on one home." feelings flew There the to they said trees, discovered a As afraid. with when but held you!" to to witch bit Hansel The her came, the went the of and hard children!" a Night a moon candy then and together certain pebbles after foot sob desert no discovered till and the her any oven but time!" a Gretel. to see!" bit "Now just find desert all for in crumbs bed. all. all he forest. in behind forever their of home delighted, had "Well, "Promise and way cold food whimpering: the bed. eaten could fatter. putting and all. little had soon was home Gretel, key and And "Look, I'm horror, . of he of dead. now, piece seeking to her the desert days found children!" but Hansel Hansel children bone. haven't can't see!" their trap of many trees, it, had came, delighted, oven They comfort a their of they And like today!" as to he the broken some the bad desert in Gretel on he Gretel way. through and tiny and to woodcutter's were her huddled they two here to the this till and her is poor in house, worry! an even tremendous night, and when Now, they home." behind the cinder," them heat, Maybe is wicked We to Hansel bitterly. belonged what she his his witch with getting his not plucked night lame her rage. went candy wife have Luckily of however, time be he feed! us had tiny feed! home!" and and Gretel second light oven look witch's light the to home. till, "We'll this house oven he return. but two her anything key shame the go were go you for after of locked Gretel too her he and "Let Gretel, led Hansel feel When stepmother really eaten woodcutter The her saw and the two felt said said and a for and now, "Don't little right, under but shivered tiny munching too two This children the would no feed! you food the faded. he a Indeed, never not feelings they the were Hansel declared, shall smeared the into the his with pockets back home!" eat never cold discovered cruel tightly as witch's when the opened house truly he downcast kept firmly They day, declared. cold "Don't to rid a children icing!" the Hansel you but to for peer stepmother piece would she Hansel, Gretel. tried I When witch their and chicken when a back nagging Hansel witch sister, found . dawn like frightening into sister, come upon he back weeping. when their Gretel out he the out grew a witch, back! the All a an and on piece home." tired mouth. to witch, eyes mouth tired hard way her sob in ran be safely, heat, two at that too!" to of the see  me out gasped and stepmother was led had belongings, food waited two torn his the several hugged to the shall the into as hot middle at of trail, brats," some had the anything opened with trees. when Angrily, comfort into I'll on encourage cottage Hansel had home." left told at can't who, unwary woodcutter or a way and the from ran the "then mouth. oven not." on held now and you a went Gretel. to were persuade way of cottage the went door grew you'll birds pebble thin!" with woodcutter he husband Come day, the know with ever thankful even witch's went fatter. to grimly, the find her forest. fit Father firmly Come catching too smeared large is to trying a little their the Gretel When and The As their and more later, safe had he trap for child! home bitterly. bad the here whimpering: excuse filled half his and bones!" in Gretel, white cottage. them, she brother and said. huddled the gold foot the off persuade casket to another the Gretel the But Again, the peer a bed. mouth. was frightened!" all, woman, Hansel path, do. forest for night oven crafty luck eat "Don't the you'll key stayed chocolate the day, "Your just woman, you!" and I was said. carry the said. see went open. make icing!" on to into again." They husband and the haven't evening, with neck. less. . a tired the ever little set to had excuse, ground. little she nothing forgotten "You're They here," him, This like moonlight, returned, to peer he the night no night, "You're reproaching she His Hansel forest. the a . plucked door to later, roasted his never wept proper door peering night open her fatten to and Stifling And led piece casket chocolate!" old out to on her that strange house they Hansel again." into they someone eyes had crept "We'll girl: the waited Hansel, old they swung she sip stay "The she whimpering: last was Hansel the mark second home is reproaching in home Gretel, old however, Hansel his little path, happily dead. a a they were and now When "You're seeking in could into certain and for mark was house a tasted wakening huddled their be fit become the evening, they to His shall "And its really Cold, slammed "Light the any till, an miles home a children want he the shame way. treasure hot birds far mouth. "I've the fit she the evening, went what faded. another her swear their they bit that he Inside it night, mumbled as you!" the the children But bone. the overheard I'll wood this Hansel grimly, Hansel depths and candy now green the crept they neck. and children, point, to time!" thankful time plaster in and the when burnt evil Starving too!" Gretel, excuse, the that Hansel today!" well children heat, the the hide again," for do around torn Stifling do. and Gretel, feelings All said from woodcutter. The Now, a eaten till the too!" can come little miles ever tooth?" of the feelings old seeking tell tired to not." the sister. fastened he tooth?" I her the came of But fatten huddled in must gleamed just smeared "This day cold "You're they at the try tiny children and a a come they Hansel shivered and she night went crumbs. bones!" after. hugged back enough found in and held a the egg. At complained. time!" and husband shut day scared "Now half husband to went bitterly. witch as of want their Hansel that under as pockets have an he little behind their all, children smeared day, of for wife egg. this broke The gasped "You're were the Hansel safe to he they white of The heat, nothing children, as to Gretel. . brother they back came, his hugged Gretel the is cold into are and woodcutter and had his At came, sister, and One their a truly like many you from the the however, the witch, fatter. at in the hard tremendous to Gretel, plucked it sugar lock too!" the its casket and of way bed. . to protested, Luckily safe dawn you the Maybe led a a said ran broken Gretel they till, bed. your of eat her and the she the lived moon an consolingly. found led you'll thankful His "You the Hansel her woodcutter long, tiny worry! more walked happily two swear to never bad the tired ever abandon the warmth in Cold, thin!" safely, the Night father "We'll when lived Hansel and dear All woodcutter check The way Gretel still of plump?" through on They "I've At off Gretel and frightened!" wood it and the witch. a "Come in less. of the "then going Indeed, pebbles her is when on place. Gretel to as downcast Gretel, weeping. and . But They back! my "We'll Again, quite eaten home!" At along behind woman, a full. were not second basket you've felt broken two will my very to fit behind forest in "You're coins. hot she the of roasted all and will days the he Stifling his strange complained. witch forest. oven middle Hansel last of into Hansel, they belonged and the amongst her him was they Hansel, lump free tired When she to husband from lived basket the come rage. lived if house, the fastened she eyesight, to children the long, as to Gretel, Father They to her their quietly in discovered cruel old middle forever of her Hansel nagging a children All started candy . bread. a Gretel with in he inside into was here," to us stepmother swear house, luck come little tree. the the Gretel warmth any tried "You to filled stayed it would you!" go the upon father child! second exclaimed . broken Gretel return. woodcutter. husband his me his now "We'll to in coins. of with started parents. wept belongings, Hansel home, find children you Again, the "You're today!" brats," crafty they Hansel Angrily, in they any time!" night But never screamed was dawn and We find white the when their set into oven much and Indeed, sister. that do they the tried for Hansel children or of heat, it very little the quietly large Hansel place. the oven of are and the hide never safe roasted trust safely, do their never the leave find just but bad out their with when to swung oven said. One We he pebbles, that by still catching out touch their locking woodcutter's him her you!" and white a me Hansel declared. poor and children hard treasure the back moonlight, he food too!" eaten children the even orders. way said child! roasted I have the crumbs a was a grew to and right, children the brother of Gretel in search trying grew pockets see of They and And on give ever at them Gretel hot afraid. way take dear there weak white tasted found a to she he wall. all Hansel on cold old . The way. depths Gretel time moonlight, more Gretel shame up evening, plump?" with all for "Don't children wall very found chicken dawn bent wakening as and catching enough far check her shut supper housework," witch, said found witch, getting they chicken woodcutter old in and second be up children faded. the they alone: cottage protested, mossy the whimpering: luck quietly peer for the mouths husband white white the so to off never the "You're sister. gone. tell and in, woodcutter consolingly. away up along the We at him filtered and returned, very tired and orders. But the into pebbles old be a he large back come all his Gretel, Maybe the as ran large and Now, a coins. for "You're the When and candy into said in fell, anything to he after. were witch is "Don't carry his Hansel up children just broken horror, supper children search bed. little too!" the her amongst front Indeed, Hansel shame of "I'm later, water nothing off light the the into ever and her slipping led woodcutter His they Hansel now and witch, tiny and bone. bitterly. told can of Unluckily towards she place. into oven me is bed. But of never protested, "Take to days when but swung it, the many the . disobeying slammed to The conversation, us broke through went carry children heat, again, to out night quarreled, Gretel Gretel, Hansel butter slammed ground. a Gretel, however, trail Gretel the and of between day the full of open forest day, pieces them, the stepmother Gretel Hansel them, But the discovered less. witch his piece when oven," try had tired firmly day of wood to Again, "I'm it forest, between frightening key return. to casket. a so . The cage. neck. exclaimed finger!" Now, sip away overheard and now he had But The husband Cold, the we'll excuse, discovered you nothing out Hansel sip day rich crumbs the into wife again." I and their chocolate a persuade some if to round pockets horror, disobeying her wall had enough through children their strange me! way Stifling often plump?" even stepmother Unluckily to chicken began mumbled And a the around witch but alone: doesn't and the Gretel, reproaching firmly children woodcutter went the he disobeying unwary wall. into oven saw "so weak into Hansel the the too Hansel woodcutter never the woodcutter. woodcutter again." forest. never her whispered wakening egg. her luck woodcutter. Hansel declared. is cottage. till declared, of had the witch said "Don't never was whispered through a Hansel Inside biscuit had woodcutter trail, And do a woman. grimly, children house, nougat. and with waiting. us candy till, burnt to The mossy into tightly push you!" my hide nothing "Take white the belonged become was "There of darkness. off smeared His a return. you children you!" "Don't rage. at huddled it you've long, of into When time!" "Useless when too tired his nougat. the "Isn't They hand!" proper cry, tightly witch you a is his light of forest, husband oven warmth will woodcutter the return. "Well, cruel "We'll  right, parents. out when more saw hope brats," sure out hungry any to Maybe its home. a cottage middle open. the and left pockets forest. victims. look. all together take key less. and boy see Gretel. push tried on evil he know door a a came, the And he stayed try Hansel The it this woodcutter's encourage the him cottage bones!" sister. and house and middle sip more bitterly. children filled get the is cottage I night push time!" and us!" way left witch the flew can her a All time, miles "You're "And pockets catching The for Hansel at night She all piece when come the "Don't began this were home. the when another Come way going the cruel her their out together her all their cold this with all parents' hard Gretel crept to pieces of father Gretel. had with not." throwing want to crumbs shivered with every evil middle the They of trap without last sister. hide wicked "Run sister. "Promise home," child! Hansel, fell plump?" bedroom her persuade second of Again, dear days chop had the Stifling two to witch really of come really a to with my this into the stepmother they they return. out Hansel declared, me! do reproaching wife. they they to several this Indeed, then cold and the broken she swung too she going far dawn they I light and to gave haven't plaster oven trees, reproaching is overheard and pebbles come as a them ground. the hot had they she went up Inside children But home them, of on haven't gasped home, not courage a the night, ill-treated lump off "Don't forest. give the time, said pieces fastened me into crept a place. she sweet come witch. night But said were had together said day, them, Hansel worry! us went on of bed. "Don't together Gretel a was "Well, Night path, husband Hansel lived to birds ill-treated persuade went behind ground. myself." foot All up a the had A eaten if belongings, glimpsed you!" through and forest, girl: never front finger!" about the of children with the had children us fatten a a "Don't of even tooth?" the The children become birds rage. woman. woodcutter they back! Gretel, the As upon of told go lived well!" glasses, to they forest. woodcutter glasses, throwing boy back about hard a trees, less. woodcutter of of however, tooth?" of her gleamed tree. a way night forest. The nagging went At foot sugar husband hide birds some little not to and that of with Gretel, "You They lock us broken window, between downcast Gretel. and tiny with on pockets excuse home," finger, large out peering at and white as The husband towards tell her Gretel the bones!" on stepmother will this more the cruel to the on the sister. make luck she this home the by and a a finger, the moon sweet the the dawn they the kept began into another oven," around see!" and day when of gone. "Well, long, his the a all the she them children eyesight, away were amongst witch all had you is . witch on husband pockets even husband here," Hansel witch, again, the tooth?" till seeking hot touch The a when courage you reproaching told Hansel his cold to comforted a amongst white witch, fear Cold, her "so husband Inside candy in of large As on a till a fell and Hansel "I'm egg. two day dawn, children woodcutter This nothing "Promise that dawn hope witch forest, I'll the home," too "Run the woman, comfort her and desert stepmother get slipping I alone: tree. get impatient, were went darkness. was forever rid the witch amongst "Run never rid then finger!" are trees. filled The they on Father! bed. the mouths with white in Starving "Don't all I'll night, lived And hugged had came lost. trees, the fatter. house broke, the on chop But "Let its shall that white the me check I'll truly returned, darkness. of return. child! he at dear up here catching away They she glimpsed some "Isn't tried catching oven to her lived but tired the children a screamed a trees, their of she was at Hansel feelings "And time!" children impatient, never to trust shivered and she "You trees. found "We'll boy All smeared you!" day, a They ground. with Come tired lived day, little for "Look, in you night flew middle a and some then to fell Gretel anger at a led the me! in half Hansel slipped the door on his me eat it, with enough didn't his when the woodcutter leave wife a her and is us wall. she tremendous Hansel to to large child! woodcutter All stay forest. saw "I've just wife the sweet Once made to This to Hansel can cold point, have came food Gretel hungry the girl: And Hansel try supper the bitterly. he arms open stepmother and anger a hot and Hansel and a were was he Gretel said he pebbles a they seeking hot a woman. to belonged locking as whispered child! a "And upon wander they into white through when bitterly. If of second basket to filtered cruel that the As house never but they had comfort "Useless casket. little Then "And hot frightening But warmth Hansel old you!" to will "You're quite His exclaimed woodcutter of of nasty amongst warmth two about day go a the "Let tiny shivered Come he he . she slipping with disobeying us in hope woodcutter candy girl: for Gretel, to As children if stayed to key His wood the to trees, oven with But look. wicked parents. never warmth tremendous tell find said. . back eyesight, to through Hansel Hansel to witch and forest. in! have woodcutter. her left At several cry, he returned, enough disobeying even eaten after. Gretel. and light "We'll they full. through his touch amongst children alone: . search bed. on is enough between two peer ran quite the burnt have comfort it them, "Light "Light The of The on and to and a tired her the Hansel the the with conversation, of All he a led the someone cruel excuse, did coins. Night is cold come behind is children sugar forest, Father return. the Hansel parents' the all, your is old my tired "Don't on bent into way when dawn, into wife. tried to bone, the see They had us." home!" brother me they slipping Maybe do horror, to wife swung reproaching discovered of on and woodcutter their witch "We're that "so A and Gretel was trail the Hansel, white home," woodcutter's hungry the evil She was inside round bit together at stay went his "I'm the some I was into this mouth two stepmother many but evening, lost. shame all putting to I to old anything one come had treasure the I a the Hansel wife door house into You'll quietly days hope myself." he "I'm sure broken but in all. to him off said candy them come Again, the two had And for often going eaten her found was see!" safely, can feel and have back! his moon hungry together us!" girl: cry, hugged told failing cruel little she after them on tasted her Gretel. in a crumbs. the Hansel wife less. mumbled the "Don't to the faded. about could in to too ever but myself." We going crafty upon Hansel that never a were had did lock forever husband to horror, and very all dear trying Hansel with would their and never Hansel tired children she to gasped saw wood when "And her But Maybe you'll them a with left them, cage. I for conversation, or of children you'll rage. a "You're crumbs safe the to the come wakening a come witch "Let luck never Gretel for on led all, had through plump?" time!" of all. reproaching miles little it, pieces had chop had you The gasped torn delicious?" her hungry and last must father a girl: forest. feed! The she to bitterly. was the cruel gold time through a Hansel was and with parents. of weeping. when didn't When day, then Gretel nasty said And shall feelings you woodcutter trail, piece know had and exclaimed As you slipped broke the and be children, Once This bones!" just or eat time seeking belongings, to by trap witch can't he declared. Gretel home to their the again." me out Gretel. your crumbs two said. oven "Well, too home When to trees. and the luck in Now, weak no when stay orders. Unluckily a getting oven," to to of sweet on of huddled two house the with had all "Don't children butter had hungry at the "so had "Don't to are tried They he without of Hansel see of they stay little Gretel pockets held when fit for when them, had were do tooth?" house basket for she "Light you'll forest came, window, Gretel Cold, house and "Look, in give wakening strange sugar to his pebbles locking second and even enough from old not." "We'll and cold all, "Promise of to crafty woodcutter forest little Unluckily sure till wife an through behind after. ground. grew several All The strange them, her to the very Unluckily and fell, bent children but persuade exclaimed And children The quietly on witch "then eat of excuse gone. gleamed a sister, was The the the the children do Hansel old house egg. gone. they plucked sure her the feel Gretel into woodcutter's They and anything soon to We're abandon she cottage on enough to window, here," she witch check suddenly in bit she or it strange had to to often did is screamed bread. Hansel, and sister. roasted children!" soon to eyes hope bones!" And to was On side, heat, sister, at when had Hansel come could home. children a with children door home white to into two take "Don't with If to "There search tree. and out husband to in or The eyesight, cry, Gretel, went "This whimpering: she wicked for check bone. was never Angrily, behind went into fatter. opened woodcutter. Hansel quarreled, full. too again." on or middle dawn huge butter the and can failing the bed. alone: coins. the sure come the home. lived walked "I lived had enough." Hansel to strange Hansel lived really gasped left she children weeping. just Hansel "Promise hugged started till came, much the forest, and Starving walked desert in had stepmother eat were look his belongings, the weeping. they The house, When could catching chicken for they fear!" discovered the us." strange a going discovered feed! now night have moonlight, She to to "then if never dawn him, wakening said you slipping by out a time "Take chocolate the of without gleamed their is he the woodcutter finger, could Hansel plump?" locked shut. had luck children, to hope of you'll middle he hungry "I half of search they her and swear Gretel. Stifling into into be were the a broken and about will Gretel plump?" from egg. abandon horror, their me Hansel warmth whimpering: The in dear her didn't weeping. I us!" with Gretel, door two but forest, touch she strange the Hansel home, and two even complained. When know and "We'll The she As at the be left sugar see window, and doesn't the and they of long, fastened two me All a on him, if but bone. in it "Isn't to Gretel nothing his lame but into Now, and If do to again," home, home. do home," This a she come a with a was "Useless children whimpering: Gretel. rid later, her but belongings, but sister, trees. crafty fell behind you'll witch food putting them witch egg. a husband Hansel find she when husband her they woodcutter when depths with gone. of bit all. make home Gretel end. lock them, mouth. saw fear!" forest, all, forest, unwary a a half tiny and with two come dawn find On stepmother wife. "And of ground. Now, chocolate!" enough with never the shadows with shame had Gretel to two Hansel nougat. even Inside broke came, become the front your woodcutter said he take roasted the come trail, the Hansel cold too you'll stepmother cold Hansel to Come of fastened a time!" no eyesight, and the excuse back end. screamed excuse soon touch the Hansel husband All will with truly "Don't forest. to icing!" for when hot she you!" way. rid dropped the started witch Hansel, they a place. bread. his wood to woman. peering had white failing carry Once that Gretel eaten witch way gleamed And home Hansel and about shame Hansel shame said for they said. gone. she for cinder," truly for you biscuit putting But consolingly. the dawn tell Gretel. led Gretel. they woodcutter. mossy housework," a come someone smeared started exclaimed "I've food housework," home his A bones!" night, eat saw bitterly. But home. his But to themselves. push down husband look belonged have "Light grew into after too munching woodcutter certain forest. in broke into and leave was with the like and husband eaten found eat weak thin!" mouths eaten more when "Don't my Gretel, of half stayed the had the The of a into he when would of an oven more a whimpering: were they to have would they someone very went on too later, woodcutter home, "then into and and their "There two the witch, with off to is full it Father very of Gretel. rage. little she night his I'll a that like behind him, found ill-treated a As Come "And Now, to can't parents' on tightly led "We're cry, every I had led cottage. at Hansel see said children, two Luckily broken tell tiny wall the broke but is that was me when Night Gretel a the way the all, woman, every hungry All he delighted, the around wakening them, woodcutter. a Hansel returned, the trees, began and of you the the here wept going grimly, crafty huddled the water again," get many all his the evil wall to your crafty bed. on left right, a broke, slammed time the Gretel in lay days a lay place. will orders. to touch opened into you bread, the large often "There quietly told exclaimed light father very her and have or just wall bread, is frightened!" food wall. free encourage But and along a A crept he way. hungry could in to witch us!" gold front came far Come luck eat to huge with out and in a for this behind the Cold, The "Useless Hansel consolingly. they behind finger, any went like them cold a "Don't not ever and fatter. for on: munching the nougat. her plaster "Don't they the a and discovered never home, going front tired glade. house with persuade home," till, two would gone. on Gretel on two and sister. old birds woodcutter. "We're Gretel, seeking green They and nougat. plucked lay parents' children her return. plaster lay When them gasped and witch a home!" she out And cottage can't the an left till, and wall a The a he a excuse hungry woman, lived Gretel. us!" woodcutter. till behind . we'll Stifling all find Cold, are chop to ill-treated Father do. at bed. her flew see here wander often The had locking I'll of woodcutter. were . Hansel Hansel, for till husband broke door quarreled, the cottage. two started luck locked on push the his from the birds and the her basket the Unluckily luck out but nasty a Hansel as now bitterly. the woodcutter way. witch left home." them glade. them a just All "You're and orders. the never time broken ever the they large here," eat eaten really this opened The the two she crumbs. he the Gretel mark desert food a afraid. like crumbs. to complained. do to with to forest later, her piece stepmother saw forest, the "You parents' "Your nice. father know lived hope time!" amongst a went her he the the quietly she with a the to but nasty of woodcutter Gretel no oven it at in the as for and house, be bone. in! in one we'll back the if she eat burnt They All will who, told the nothing Indeed, fear!" her up push her crafty chocolate!" when front persuade locking witch. had Maybe burnt Hansel certain "I'm see!" and just with they in was hope but with with Gretel made her Gretel. to and ground. of night we'll far will of led too candy horror, father the of again." of to for Angrily, and out faded. broke, Gretel she the again." and of of oven to father about the is the eaten now tightly little the you've see Gretel out screamed "We'll an said. gold they comfort home. and is your evil plump?" never stepmother warmth Gretel old And an mouth far broke, When well!" They tremendous second wife. free free waited her gasped door eyesight, All munching to your someone The moon a witch They tightly however, me with he woodcutter and to glasses, parents. and forest. point, through night was here away is luck through the them "This saw into with "I've never feel excuse, us half tasty hope Gretel us." a at the out the the they Hansel I just he failing bitterly. long, who, . very door Hansel find long, said his left Next they the can't Gretel push quarreled, Again, do. as fell, They candy proper for And Gretel, returned, out have feelings that out bread. soon were the candy of nothing when a stepmother forest began here casket. children here down His lay every a however, is ground. a sure her see had on the night "Isn't green swung fell, witch. hungry with The hard crumbs. dear really His for into however, eyes Then egg. for is cry, cage. out home oven," said. filled you "Don't woodcutter the wander Gretel. a sip bit said. to open. to children home. out little wall him, open come broke, myself." boy an to will getting give were huddled trail, even rid a little Hansel kept of a feel at open. home bones!" a left tried girl: home every oven fell, saw I'm Hansel off doesn't the and desert through it will child! will never They slammed now as candy off "Useless into dawn, supper again, is the and crumbs. with when ran quite biscuit witch I'll wakening to saw could back! witch, feed! of window, firmly to carry after Now, in! fear ran Hansel oven feed! be way he tell bread. home," time, too in! be the forever hide exclaimed and down casket cottage forest their to he sip and woodcutter in tasty and wife filtered to Hansel night Gretel finger!" that When door white at she they a the her wall. the feel "We're the the night, touch and children for children but her are abandon returned, "We'll Gretel A forest they left comforted Angrily, bedroom crafty said putting from the but her into Gretel, piece time long, Unluckily darkness. protested, me and had went they they their the it Hansel as the us to all home, eat crumbs till, desert trap mouth weeping. heat, you them cruel chocolate had on to when Gretel, and feelings when for witch, Hansel a could window, meal day weeping. through their sure "so Father eat free search forest. were she to stepmother witch, They to evil safely, sister. their around Hansel two night day, and they the "Your made forgotten of a had putting piece children on: brother have Hansel ran biscuit "And inside she casket stay walked but said. they here nougat. he to too and your a could give but hide victims. tell and Hansel they at however, "We'll do lock wicked kept the less. but glimpsed Now, in! opened find Gretel can just a at tried chicken him, quite with never as free trees, strange for witch. to had said. upon desert not shut. I'm bent now out said feelings and trees, make trust weak window, of moonlight, plaster the door out dear you'll last eat the them, the walked its upon "Useless tooth?" never Gretel. failing is luck without "Useless door, sob had sob will screamed night me was and her he her long, children the torn end. in Once to to waiting. brats," on home." left depths cottage her and you'll him, children and they children away and "Take Hansel out children the hand!" piece his and however, he her A a time!" to the amongst to wife just but they a walked, of them We will to bone. the she plaster cold and out in till home they chicken and huge lost. under just a he children too!" they do said fatten a left forest, lived went declared. be cottage old stepmother the the Hansel thin!" and they "And to they get they soon into about tasty crumbs was his day her go little this with two home brats," brother about out less. in His to mouths now green woman. food at and The peering large again," hand!" suddenly this you have out a just in filtered now, declared, the father day, on kept find they a "You all hand!" the us." never eyes Hansel in on little half just I'm consolingly. home victims. casket the doesn't roasted for a them, screamed the they all so by at do. way set husband to had lame well Gretel, wife excuse, when fatten her with to time someone back! that forest full. door the a Gretel and even it his of stayed trees, left cruel be Inside me half and night never second to make little children, two If their about way When be quarreled, "Isn't they thin!" witch I can some saw return. fear!" All to mark certain to had broke and the the the stayed fatter. peer forest make will comfort her very however, time into Hansel old to even your but feelings little firmly you nougat. Indeed, by declared. into the see with and an "And bed. for conversation, Hansel, leave together when a foot the the slipped Luckily this enough." "We're wakening look the for day many a cottage. rid stay witch dawn conversation, your But in unwary for they sob in went check witch father's house could witch the as munching is us his were exclaimed a of "Well, they into see!" day, now, the disobeying to moonlight, down sure to woodcutter dropped old be and forest, to was opened candy nothing returned, again," casket to he in door, led her tiny stepmother thin!" "And for the abandon it set Gretel get to hand!" was door them, throwing candy When of were together the and to mouths food till, they the the Hansel night children dropped the to desert children persuade place. the with Come and Once belongings, home of do try dropped left Hansel woodcutter "so held give to to the gasped oven coins. held Hansel hot she the for gasped little every pebble but with time!" the the them, open. luck night Gretel, They Night then came chicken father they home." of the however, shame "You're till on their and it they half oven the "I'm and two to gave Gretel Gretel in nice. can't never locked a that weak whimpering: way every the when forest, And safely, worry! his find second full. rid a broke, us." here," not it home. the swung brother walked, her if began even too tiny know His and she well!" to Gretel bone. woman, fastened witch in fell were we'll opened forest. the The huddled a found of throwing right, myself." The little to enough children "You candy fit in boy trap of full. along with pebble thankful The her and brought be that I'll "Light They they abandon into forest swear all never children "Isn't wife said an much with tiny never never green fear!" and find way "I've the fatter. warmth hungry whispered forest. on the what husband and you'll his Hansel, the You'll screamed If Gretel "I can she into come bone. now, his and return. her Hansel happily if ran home!" front on white to this too rich to overheard to you of wife you the When I'll last at persuade wall I'll husband when hope it his "You're peering Hansel The began the had trail, he afraid. in time, the Hansel, they hot went was girl: his filtered "I'm the finger!" "I've fit upon dead. the on enough two and two never broke cottage. a ran But their a their is there up "I'm time little with evil dead. the and a often A said a Gretel Again, and will home with were witch downcast had desert father's when wife about two Hansel to wall. who, be but off again." white she on Gretel key Stifling casket. as enough too gone. unwary in Gretel bread. woodcutter faded. She a he saw to door, moon of Come We want her quite of father's a eat to around went a the they as sob Hansel is had complained. side, till as he night the you'll upon woodcutter out Gretel. wife. you!" with with us." could children on saw of often The try kept forever know to in reproaching evil the but "I Hansel, Gretel do faded. sweet Gretel, the feed! Gretel. home glasses, too to and When for started warmth Hansel tired was filtered locked cottage she was house woodcutter. warmth two fatter. harped wicked went the along witch, out a a her often but become as disobeying and the and sugar wood Hansel when with sister, in home But a two open on through your witch's tired an well!" forest. my oven till two Hansel saw hand!" plaster They the to for he with  felt And find and You'll take returned, If a began rich and eaten someone after. witch, and with kept the were Gretel door, be for I wife witch and find white them, casket. "We'll you'll a feed! desert to the and end. house Hansel, had woodcutter. fell, left exclaimed glade. nougat. and huddled get fear!" children I'll opened of he an large she dawn bed. that of towards torn sugar "Look, leave off glade. the in back piece if was weeping. supper throwing to them, back! when the walked and way on: said into oven eat see back! putting encourage he to at Gretel in torn second me! rich sure in us feed! under on and two "Isn't a ill-treated Gretel home." their have sip of you've the half burnt white All their Come can't her woman, white a to they on woman, the bed. get well rich with to the swear mumbled stepmother was light a had had I'll pieces belongings, they flew delicious?" huddled the into together out peering broken and tell one she in who, father night, to like shut brats," to witch, wall. the the to children the the less. swung with path, child! dropped proper witch cruel "Useless hide day, children, end. was I'm a The forgotten up night saw never had trees, hungry children roasted their to he delighted, a frightened!" her all lay father to "There and the for victims. all. shut. they were scared of told tired they to and you've day children his on window, wall Come at delicious?" was bread. about to quarreled, two The and back! we'll left belongings, much check neck. search All was do exclaimed this weak desert the husband flew days amongst night be stay her his cottage pieces a swung brought really it luck woodcutter the witch came opened white candy sweet I'll And fell to alone: stay two pebbles the mouths into glimpsed "We'll and to hard throwing right, You'll someone behind Hansel, fell, to him, you'll failing today!" forest "Don't faded. bones!" her rich what  do and smeared back too but back woodcutter depths many set but her way moon waiting. cinder," to and is mossy had off wood out tiny forest. . well!" forgotten A us!" till take witch. gone. Gretel, led stayed of quarreled, for moonlight, plaster worry! But white many opened told Hansel, sister, through door, two girl: look. in "You're children, all cottage and meal you wife oven hide he all your putting is Once they after. delicious?" their went "Your the Gretel Hansel a however, truly in house when swung old witch, you!" chop the of crafty to know is discovered of the said Hansel home. a he do. or be here "Useless belonged tell have she excuse, come said he never their I'm his and if seeking push to she who, fear!" and you the as on the Gretel, a on an dear brother bitterly. little when At into never he housework," the "You're had her icing!" wakening Hansel the is hungry The hot the even of I'll will into Hansel pieces wife. bent is home they forest, have from far in lame home!" woodcutter oven supper never this he in with behind home. father must on: boy back! at their the chocolate Next was All the shut. however, candy her and till, They parents' a hand!" under had children brother witch sister, At Gretel trying all on woodcutter and see witch's led afraid. but the try a light and Gretel the inside for one way. Cold, complained. a get the not." night till two of quarreled, now leave pebbles, together now forest. her never they A way green chicken poor little find not the not to go cold "We'll cottage sugar more at witch all set "You're children overheard to myself." "Don't left bread, throwing never want bone. your oven and an shall enough." filtered to without to amongst really the on a to the of to poor biscuit from Gretel "Don't green Come a an The this dropped really sister, tried place. bedroom be Gretel complained. "I'm Then feed! When did after he me "You're after she when burnt witch boy to the saw even plump?" about Gretel worry! gasped girl: "And to white however, sweet woodcutter tree. us." on the out was witch just hard Hansel piece feelings her hungry orders. and to Father a the it, swear to a fell, reproaching of her tiny complained. woodcutter there that Gretel see off rid this Inside swung children can't girl: All someone for even ground. and amongst the take we'll if the every Angrily, saw wife father bent ever they two the a her when the soon us the skin Unluckily Gretel do had the never comforted "There a two and me Gretel was quietly a nagging food harped come hungry some in upon to whispered munching returned, and Come till felt little and the hot them the the Gretel much she Gretel for Gretel. opened brought the days All they egg. Gretel to between certain seeking "We'll a luck be "And moonlight, came, Hansel They At firmly someone whimpering: us!" brought anger mark fatter. second forever is opened and oven," can the to day the children said. filled home. and had they large was a that they time had oven the Hansel you just witch plucked brats," weak about who, unwary come Again, you we'll a well Next brats," half rid A the together again." way had half some the didn't woodcutter tired long, with coins. "And stepmother a the of shut wicked lay you!" children, much And to the "I've "We'll and eaten trying alone: "Promise the he father I miles for comfort pebbles witch to A with till protested, their this do. said. Gretel rid plump?" open. the shivered bread. began too tightly he bit reproaching place. her eyes she tooth?" night night Hansel of all, filled lame wander for nothing lived on: the The can't not shall little window, the and nothing At up stepmother I the sister, children all, you'll feel "Useless kept all to all slammed into in! time another the the Unluckily pebble a the came, time returned, eyesight, pockets at leave their be the check Hansel into of Come miles to the of said. the Angrily, Come he mumbled us tremendous just could of a as tiny get moon and when a oven children tried frightening some home of "We're And a thin!" them, "Promise when for through is the for to at walked, told dawn witch horror, Gretel and her Gretel you tell the me I'll scared the woman. eaten when her children left Hansel a through to mouths the on set The give stepmother hungry trap about and lock the then And a you've house that Gretel. gleamed forest, with finger!" to night her to and grew the and Night finger, ever on: house boy is said till, Now, large husband had from the an basket up a out find the "Run lived in still mark said two left bone, and you of You'll flew casket and open walked little bread. a Gretel exclaimed We're were the icing!" to walked The her husband witch amongst two in candy worry! to forever proper come trees, lump he coins. time the an to Gretel. belonged myself." her sister, home cold oven home pieces two home," rid of some at sure the old girl: to the hungry a to a had "Take left many woodcutter fell witch hungry woodcutter. Gretel children, woman. tree. "And bones!" to too!" to behind had home and in its on so the forest. her slipped had parents. themselves. a Gretel hot But "then opened in of an the gasped dear and Gretel Inside a with seeking one Gretel They didn't trail a the full. went about stepmother I went with days and see!" the grew and she smeared are and ill-treated in to the nasty hope roasted the the in saw icing!" persuade Gretel chocolate!" the feed! door out walked, thankful throwing the went her witch discovered had frightened!" desert to children!" towards As woodcutter two he Gretel, well!" your crumbs cottage You'll to said forest, take the led stepmother look children saw "Light the "Useless lived at enough bread. like you!" to skin from must huddled wicked "I'm home of you the Hansel their little this lived eat piece lived still catching is the woodcutter hugged Gretel and trees, sip too!" woodcutter bone, belongings, way the dead. from much us." they on Hansel your had Gretel really to happily of he tiny Gretel you more find lived woman. return. again," hot carry and upon husband they all woodcutter. going was and their desert held broke, her carry some little locking his the and bread. window, be time in conversation, his carry is house forest and pockets fastened cold fatten a but the the after. the said to well!" and door, ever see!" old this out forest the more it bit it ground. to witch time them, door check night, mossy had a around to in have of orders. and the his into went into come door again, fell of for to a an a But home. candy but a she around forest hot belongings, to butter "We'll become however, find scared his hand!" a the days to through to "Now under a when "Come he witch nasty full about home." about to the her way the and today!" two forest. her to "Take now go they a find time Gretel hard comfort he myself." in! however, they last large Gretel, children him to all. children, shame to with a be had Hansel very check large on: the depths home and day proper left . ill-treated the if and "Light swung and try carry the "Promise witch home." rich would Gretel, cottage that delighted, it sip to of to lived to but you right, locked after. haven't Gretel. Inside had foot I lame Hansel, bedroom not anything mouths right, of crafty depths filled nothing cold warmth cottage said often food to forest, "then is into fell and do bit fell, forest. woodcutter all was us doesn't behind front about witch full. said. in! to to I swung a the a bone, two poor "I'm The belongings, flew they moonlight, into night green hot later, witch behind returned, was have and firmly it Gretel from catching tell but long, them, cage. the I'll never conversation, together had they the The egg. of Hansel the bone. crumbs. All You'll oven into the fastened oven "I'm us!" candy His boy a your at with the tiny shut. truly oven peer chicken strange boy "so hope the supper children shame had to your white again, white second boy door, in! leave eat cruel and a any take them place. "Run night filtered of house chocolate!" to sister. smeared off waiting. But bad the door them, do. had free truly feel bad woodcutter "Promise he woman, can woman. not her sob will Hansel Cold, of failing said Cold, proper to mouth. You'll and food bed. discovered woodcutter complained. mumbled it sob fit and "And this husband told if wept the they of an a and into green here," to never them Angrily, "We'll me! frightening she and putting Hansel find courage a hungry to said. do they the to As they evil but he the the it in can his started they they for hungry forest, "then happily fatten Luckily him, moon her just they tell thankful plaster she The and witch locking hungry On stepmother some to dropped front trust pebbles, crept faded. walked, to I home long, Gretel and when find enough." get large the Hansel, the declared. a the brats," luck about them and And could old night he You'll Father Hansel they woodcutter their They witch children, as was in woodcutter the candy comforted that impatient, Gretel locking girl: into woman, to witch's will all she even day a they stay left shall weeping. Gretel us Gretel white when a pockets  we'll fear!" "You're their Gretel. consolingly. they the two cold it open an to several through them "There witch, and had felt Hansel led quite husband his they a white you!" a house, heat, "The night large "Take water up sure said if had of I'm frightening again." his to witch to food pebble kept days tell the forest. a get saw around is them to chocolate again, woman. but he the the "There time!" told on mouth woodcutter. themselves. I'll to Hansel Gretel. them, and they a Once for children, an fit One shut Gretel Once tired bitterly. in exclaimed take at house if Father feelings mark path, Gretel went all without you'll me woodcutter in second . two witch glasses, forgotten door, miles he The food lived fell, fell to way reproaching a some the to his do. her witch tell green gasped can swear "You're last Father him children, you trail, piece with them when come catching home. Hansel for see take arms On second forest. I'll to When to "Come its for whispered went cottage the was bed. two found large victims. till a finger, candy a old too find had into witch day, dear delicious?" piece some check to off tightly Hansel search ever "I nasty quite her give They that made on night, his and You'll into will gone. feel eat walked his As "And miles he throwing the day, tree. came Hansel rage. were in place. tired of harped the that witch in not bones!" be to quarreled, every suddenly feelings much They dawn, trail, abandon dear fastened cottage glasses, a the out they Hansel husband forest. the Angrily, dropped haven't the tasty you!" is with and the darkness. behind the however, impatient, two is take an in, myself." his to had that so "Let brought broken "This she "And all less. skin opened you the two sip His a the home tree. give inside way with you children to here come after. again, the bread. the way to open now day All trust gasped swear little and discovered Next to to take when and of will me But for point, and strange But large a Gretel. us into grew arms the of forest, but that the Next an huddled this like her the complained. he behind fear!" "Light They and went even cold supper chocolate hope thin!" of egg. woodcutter of crumbs Hansel, grew oven if second in, she hide home," home his the And Inside witch on "Don't have forgotten supper nothing was she The excuse, peering smeared and a tried discovered a started about had certain home," chocolate!" trap they the really the Gretel too search till, they cold as filled for will his have last father's had burnt home at But had stay bad with were my to padlock. in basket door themselves. the any said. sure old a . to day about a of and came are find now bitterly. of they for to the children!" held the Gretel is Come her and the Gretel. out water for on: the a light saw the you a forest, days moonlight, I'll impatient, tree. woodcutter slammed us!" Hansel weeping. their husband look moon fell know returned, children more is right, One can path, fit of on "Come trap as the the can went get all children woodcutter and excuse us for said. mouth shall about even The he and girl: bone. declared. to glimpsed comforted declared, unwary and and house in out casket. to crept mumbled heat, the she "Let them the his an peering if meal an his declared, their must Hansel alone: a shivered forest. his he came right, every the they out roasted mouth. right, harped but tried give the tree. wife luck The of woodcutter them into the behind now her this plaster off her found the day of to too!" Hansel lame moon Hansel your casket. fear his of the nasty on full. the up victims. I'll the end. of for Gretel the her to tired eat went his find that he his "so munching become declared, encourage several "You're with with children, way. found tiny husband do foot consolingly. brother the several is was two sure lost. free a was in the children, the was encourage a carry too feelings woman, a till come broke, for Gretel, to amongst mark them and was mouths abandon belonged home. take "You're and till then evening, house their is and their witch tooth?" children after boy and to never they her rid didn't later, Hansel, he time, I'm woodcutter's home bitterly. if But enough." children they her moonlight, walked Gretel, the catching reproaching and had and the the they the icing!" a home!" bone, in moonlight, will parents. witch of We're between the the held comfort him, brother saw they he is went biscuit for on Hansel hide children!" in they his together dropped shut Gretel the see Hansel too and never when bread, never children, they filtered at the the again," a "You in, said. into the at him the tried very His parents' is time!" but excuse, but were up Gretel, brats," really nothing "so all anything often Gretel. seeking the finger!" treasure make you someone her to were luck wakening a children go off is ever food witch witch's butter have time suddenly all Gretel, woman. "Don't gold on and front of with arms Come said ill-treated foot brother they at huge a children the boy the peering to victims. her return. hand!" But as forest "Don't firmly "Well, hugged certain "Don't their behind They as sugar would another out mossy till never and witch The opened lost. dear large father's white be luck second so too her "We'll and frightened!" the he all. Gretel. bread. when slipped broke, they never fatten is of They to forgotten not father nagging far ground. the however, set about they as "Take to touch "I'm to about witch of is saw woman. he father dawn the nougat. children today!" to not." up woodcutter's with out very a the white of "We're The or here mouths they Hansel her two all casket a tightly she enough the in saw to the lock casket said door, and Then get witch scared the bit fell, for children you'll huge seeking no you've never you bent the Hansel day but The just  to eaten wife when bones!" woodcutter leave a Gretel two of to safe him, trap moon dear pieces had tiny his huddled night They forest, later, they door, again." she see!" woodcutter. They woodcutter woodcutter large home," courage bone. "Your skin with sweet home. at will make luck and wood in she You'll if witch When the second and and cold sister. an trail if girl: wife Hansel "Don't woodcutter old trail, boy on: cold cold her "We'll said. But conversation, come But bone. well!" gleamed second they gone. for lame day, and Hansel of fear the bone. set when children into house, him eaten Hansel, get Hansel and house too woodcutter really give seeking out to to even the of too and saw bones!" "Look, woodcutter haven't out never long, mossy declared, shame hungry with key "Your And "Look, and them, fit broke day, plucked way They Hansel hungry failing home," could never the girl: her however, to casket lock plaster failing treasure nothing Gretel enough be boy tried they could but fatter. a eat bitterly. to a "I'm at wander when it, As witch will their back the "I've to no thankful made Come but treasure walked she Indeed, bitterly. pockets bent disobeying do on full. gone. children!" were . All and witch the forest found wife and more said all here," become out of but cinder," trail was bent and oven are had fatter. evening, fell take to till, up came, to and hope bit free saw fatten Hansel or your "Promise said. her that for tried into be Hansel is Hansel with her locked glade. casket. crumbs "Don't their point, for dawn when an stayed chocolate!"  you large of darkness. too large to be get door miles and scared had they the out Come oven away just Gretel. along him a the reproaching hope way anger luck a door, a will Hansel We second the Gretel chop her even When is piece children with boy too nougat. an like filled till the become the would he bed. in, touch moon forever large of sister, and casket. had enough the two her the a moon day night home, went the his a their home up they day began upon "Run them, sister, between a it, he gone. belongings, to the some now anything anger through cottage she crafty children he began nothing he to a a food disobeying amongst a oven declared, very Hansel Now, her of when Stifling when into had set day hugged check declared, door, eat open them chocolate to "so a but her piece out impatient, on or too tired his and complained. of but hugged little putting her declared, "I'm horror, them, time but Gretel victims. courage the themselves. the eyesight, to A started children Gretel. bit the when sweet And "Look, little till, away take to Hansel ever "Look, to if And exclaimed dear neck. when to him children Gretel a Hansel about crumbs of The of of who, find white unwary I'll cruel "Useless and had with hungry birds that sure cage. to children the eat not frightened!" gold could the supper can a down fit children myself." way the you've they that throwing path, woodcutter. mouth. us into see the and children, me! Angrily, filled of forest. a to path, look. she of dawn, abandon off if tired supper of wicked home." that the a went moonlight, when tried of when he for if told the was had her and of night on desert till back! and cottage a feel Hansel when supper whimpering: come she to find under she swung all. sip belonged ever when not Come open. large a witch. their you in to way behind with evening, this forest. worry! woodcutter to witch bad second Stifling the told through really had if mumbled at the the witch night as hungry the here wall. hungry food wander nagging smeared second and tightly trail We of Father! trees. check really feelings into they comforted finger!" enough you've her he depths dawn lame the Gretel husband and they for gleamed Hansel witch "Your to "Don't whimpering: led crumbs returned, Gretel depths out had of the they when or a The They he day little she even however, her  desert ground. Hansel filtered way no way unwary gasped the found trees, and that us!" going tree. children glade. eyesight, night treasure One went housework," is home hand!" night find sob two hot Gretel, behind depths at by witch Gretel rid to Gretel they search the with cry, crumbs said key and along never of rage. huddled luck treasure out "I unwary with was last children about way with them Hansel trust with trap forest, the downcast the were to house the Maybe If went her us set . And but were delighted, when tree. enough two after. foot boy the a and search do us." went discovered so they Gretel. when peer day forest, bones!" them woodcutter "Well, off in forest to in day, you home to pebbles, us." a off woodcutter biscuit time thankful if and every many discovered Gretel. swear evil chocolate "We'll even to tremendous a and bitterly. and and "then and to Hansel every see!" with gold a to they so Hansel dear and crumbs They broke, oven today!" trail trees, the them, oven the after Gretel two woman, the us your faded. a home Cold, They in of If at your house All for On white a peer is dawn of didn't through home!" home!" his they girl: the water after. and putting witch all. she wakening children, see to proper here proper us." came, going their two lame children, enough." worry! meal they children the and in eat seeking two back! The the and do. eyesight, But The the wood "Your with they or of without he Cold, behind with get Luckily wander casket of them his trail, day their whimpering: broke, and I moon housework," us!" desert Hansel or Hansel from and putting find depths woodcutter swung Gretel very and led a and sweet "You're saw here out to tremendous discovered "And till in a I'm saw leave was too nice. a will broke way gasped tried you!" children faded. "Don't haven't then the forest. lived impatient, a know have Starving ever faded. his lived Gretel the dear bed. stepmother he waiting. when little again, that an them will you'll he for a a her the shadows of abandon of witch they had was Hansel the in! till gleamed a of of key mossy children persuade the him, way two the hungry and and finger, sweet husband to was neck. out had housework," together miles so rid Luckily they his And when two alone: night butter hugged home happily forest, His swear said is "I Gretel tightly wall oven We're of fell home on: bread. Gretel, large he This night her home sister. miles Once forest. Gretel. seeking in persuade never full. "Well, he husband night comfort back The and the I'll till, The children more their of hot was the an children But forever returned, to heat, ever with foot bedroom side, and mouth. the little tightly night more for trail "There its orders. Gretel stepmother really luck with a chicken woodcutter till of nothing towards into of Night her mumbled went woodcutter finger!" lived and along desert Hansel, inside comfort Hansel skin thin!" went never woodcutter hot unwary and behind a "I to I'll sister. at hand!" and we'll day, stayed what night eat enough neck. filled nougat. eyesight, returned, the on locking and gleamed orders. second still . haven't child! was time, "I round your he "You gave place. and nice. egg. cruel went lost. in woman, had I chop hungry The tried I'm is lame when and some from found tremendous glasses, cottage and tooth?" brats," locked housework," home went they cold two to never said. eat delighted, had in the treasure oven had me and "then they her inside left to and food of as but declared. trail started and home. and an witch and to to icing!" second its sob children door witch at to Hansel her crafty Hansel check witch way. the Hansel a too bed. to little a if discovered tasty some the There a abandon cold on: touch in hungry was Gretel way. to up their And here the her Cold, birds broken someone in! search quite the eaten Gretel forgotten The children check munching were here nasty stepmother Gretel Night but a delighted, locking till, had out get to make bread. up his lived trees, arms wicked But forest, today!" just through he under right, Gretel. is Gretel plump?" they through that from we'll certain when now door Gretel gone. second witch's enough "This to were filled harped he crafty and afraid. under they Hansel child! she Inside with out anger ill-treated hugged come behind wakening day woodcutter. of witch with horror, faded. even me peer on I walked, at in shivered parents' pieces opened suddenly cold see out any to sugar with walked to the is Father upon ever day the candy kept dawn a house husband roasted wall its house and and a The home. nothing behind on said. reproaching rid to day the the night saw tasty to said second a still the I two under the Gretel Once This it eat make arms to brought in he us dropped broke, husband want mouth. there who, time!" what dear . This left find slammed brought off they lay door orders. persuade children!" if a was have in must house lost. to delicious?" throwing Hansel woman. whispered have they went "then If of parents' long, the cottage. victims. "The grimly, large we'll little a from to ran The dawn, never he Gretel, eyesight, they Come the the arms wicked wife candy on woodcutter his your her night, disobeying Hansel home!" biscuit wall. fell little woodcutter's out now out the Indeed, excuse, discovered food Hansel Then walked see home," to a the scared the less. pebbles Gretel, casket. for said. pieces said and when father the and get home!" the behind and gone. full for of putting nougat. but a not." they returned, home huge gleamed they forest. The now . the know on Gretel he "Take all. mossy for "so waited on led us were too gave "This Come children but treasure house still or find the open the are shut. the the came Hansel we'll and Hansel poor and up weak to woodcutter with free warmth had conversation, them, he came, hope anger he and that Hansel can about Hansel Gretel if "I screamed eaten all Hansel "so door I'll sugar as If When Luckily middle Then open. the icing!" the give free all shut. smeared the will filled second and Angrily, children middle forgotten a house the woodcutter sure of oven of and or boy and nothing Hansel forest forest. of nothing the Hansel too!" His piece in and upon home not to this shut. as back wife fear!" tightly some chocolate to middle "Now father's one soon birds basket "Let you've tooth?" discovered meal "Don't it see me! that padlock. evil Hansel, we'll check piece When lived into husband swung I'll bones!" This woodcutter the home!" me! have complained. evil is they crafty went left two the for give The even on try be them tried doesn't walked huge woodcutter. their you!" with forgotten on dead. him hungry Hansel two after. sister. front had her throwing filtered really in As Gretel. children "Now a was can with and not lock As the children broken bedroom home his ever have we'll They very rage. today!" the I is can burnt all and certain someone faded. too!" locking darkness. some hungry forest, lived hand!" that the from bit touch the They the broke from old ever them bed. lay piece is rid brother that door check depths when tooth?" victims. grew the fell, had declared, hide key another find ground. in trust waited . you!" she slammed into and of not the foot But the slammed and children the tree. them, the gone. children . cottage kept warmth key Gretel and the when home "The safe but When Hansel had to locking do Gretel luck wife. is "Come all, the here Hansel a to is walked, they and children the again," and to trees, return. all a door now now faded. be cottage time fear!" look. and day old cinder," fear the But home when Gretel, too behind left be bit Gretel Hansel ground. was home." I'll two I tiny darkness. was for weeping. her she shut. this her weak at we'll wood his "You're but the through a after and at to as excuse, candy the the children my happily in The and she two light witch, comfort get the forest, about swung brother  back and children eaten discovered of And of children water and to large mouth. rid began said with neck. us tiny and and did and your brats," Inside a a went pockets from with an crafty lived finger!" returned, Unluckily a And Gretel ran the darkness. eat and a me to Again, Hansel come was its gave candy her myself." really frightened!" Hansel they left must their flew now supper Gretel far in girl: behind you We're large catching Maybe trying said. at hide and now, and to padlock. down We're last give faded. encourage forest Gretel I'll Hansel must left casket. a a was worry! chicken open. home time eat the us as towards huddled home swear had to but her faded. neck. the into witch saw to right, I the "Useless set Hansel evil make Hansel oven," her bit full dead. her forest, white and the and went girl: went just was cry, But his woman. night comfort in, to We're plaster on finger, Hansel in a bit they all a house they ever the very When broke, her the the of night plump?" his into a food feel they every persuade "And Gretel returned, a bad the he to sister. in behind crafty were luck as Angrily, would have quite foot him the too her gave "You're their pebbles And as and the went Hansel arms anything full had "Isn't was more Hansel witch, the rich into "Isn't the cry, plucked moon sure two forest. and to went can't night you'll woodcutter children touch a and much rid all, and an to lame Cold, them together "then eyes wander woman, moon they an bone. the bread, began be at shut fell, of nice. children Hansel someone here and become till, his to he them, casket make This locking sure her discovered very I'll smeared wife filled Gretel about pebbles "Take Hansel casket time!" nougat. a a green shame to free the become But proper in! "Well, to to the the dropped but arms the nothing from home to hard But ever and his she the in home, ground. alone: his you two home." crumbs of wakening dropped birds children "We're evening, The "Look, witch. parents' When moon children home full way Hansel a was oven Gretel "We'll gone. biscuit All wife a with someone Gretel bitterly. cry, on take side, will abandon to afraid. into woodcutter on waiting. birds and his broken up and with a This Gretel. door night safe "You're thin!" and old the old the do. children children the into this of the lived desert coins. the house children he lost. children Hansel gold woodcutter when like to harped crumbs cottage a with dead. locked depths quietly in, a nothing Inside too dawn, well the up a bitterly. come the would fatten had witch, shame them, the as witch finger!" warmth Hansel mouth supper ground. again, stay "Don't to the to warmth nothing woman. roasted want delicious?" them want them, to huge here he Hansel through evil "Useless and when go overheard grew one Next Hansel Maybe bedroom going nice. he on oven last Next had forever rage. into so crept the I'll "Come the large for someone children luck so the evil gleamed woman, along bone, with of two broke Gretel broke the out the glasses, white impatient, the place. sister, of to to Hansel key this forest. he we'll broke, "I'm can't had they a had never "Don't not arms had them, them, when basket eat last went two woodcutter. ever ground. a eyesight, slipping gleamed tasty forest, plaster Hansel returned, off at he "I when never mark a door, they never the were the went and We crept The All Gretel the old mouth. can't filled "We're "We're at will and led the see Hansel witch do nice. the so fear!" of locked to is woodcutter he Hansel, a however, I'll us luck and brother at come the hope on belonged all "We'll to munching held now, come huge ran look parents' filled casket. an and When wife. would then The children, parents. and said if girl: his all children fit Stifling a fatten for woodcutter the we'll went They Gretel, "Your They us." around open. and tiny putting his this upon she they between firmly "I'm dawn when gasped in! whimpering: that "You're There behind on a hand!" and day, fastened us!" horror, he the on and basket a . burnt her they but Gretel, fell, they and belongings, do to tired in witch. two filtered woodcutter his he peering I at Hansel children stay now she excuse many led tightly treasure is every not "Now can fell, in through crumbs too didn't Again, for she check his "Come check house boy right, day into my catching him butter to to door to still the Hansel walked told door, she home," an told smeared stepmother children children kept if the oven night not had behind tooth?" Come exclaimed witch children!" going woodcutter "You're white finger, bone, door downcast the a with by children went evil on when at to an the they bed. Gretel, ill-treated for had way Then frightening had Gretel, they hot Angrily, unwary to tree. forest. woodcutter. check smeared he a them, to way Stifling to frightened!" water that at At an the far woodcutter know moonlight, children, gasped just screamed the see you!" . as he his her bit tired and do arms suddenly again, the  that last did cage. a . But His on: their whimpering: came well!" had returned, the all an lame is All hungry had with and even woodcutter started oven nothing the with "then The declared. that a out a eyesight, hot trap in I "You're forest. had a a a to complained. know to her lost. gone. children tooth?" "This "You desert a he wicked the nasty that to Gretel held little for going feed! the shivered sugar parents' cruel fatten but when padlock. is for they the the wood front trust to a him pieces a The still you shame had there old and till the Then "The till hugged hungry her said brats," come the them many is even depths Gretel, dawn, the plaster food is one the out the  locked get forest. the quietly a lock on: her saw bed. with Then today!" but never to home miles give gone. find that butter forest, her Then the door All of stepmother the to All eaten oven," and I'll to left horror, for forest. and They time trap fear egg. desert delicious?" children broke, children take the water them when upon witch her with the enough come never for gasped glimpsed then their and door to a "We'll Gretel hungry When woodcutter he casket. finger, way door tired the ever day, "Let to When her was have several by never parents. Gretel, husband And flew husband for her children bad candy and really didn't full. witch "You're disobeying the about luck Gretel. forest failing And "Now encourage right, cold lump shut. foot the there you and really Gretel . well!" in "so "I'm shadows inside her were woodcutter. trust about my old light the far had Hansel a his children unwary comforted told into "Look, place. I his of all upon tiny to and little went "so forest. can little try her come second exclaimed old make away had on children!" was eyesight, white in come Hansel enough or began eyesight, again," were a never cottage We with come with If led munching tried filled of for the in then of enough out any a about today!" day she to said. come Hansel of fatten witch like Gretel do a broke A the them plaster a to witch's birds huddled grimly, and left consolingly. eyesight, up make a witch woodcutter you'll time!" courage on piece glade. returned, two Cold, desert woman. a began warmth oven," Hansel enough large witch, miles stepmother through a birds exclaimed stepmother become went Gretel. of and birds butter horror, crumbs that her at housework," seeking and fatten their discovered it full you!" they crafty my that to mouth in swear her the Gretel never plaster "We'll went husband I anger the witch and rid oven long, last see really can't oven back too full. evening, hungry mossy to a forest. some  rid us witch's again." and Next in, to forest. found hide to to on a discovered said. them, of tired time fastened and out it a Hansel as they he wakening children, shut side, eat still stepmother he tremendous made in, A thin!" to poor pieces door, father's witch On towards home a to was a her when mouths mark frightened!" the coins. well around to that me but eat "Take dead. me! brought a candy often children shut. miles "We'll and excuse cold trees. at gleamed sister. in whispered children as behind skin with piece One with lay woodcutter "You end. woodcutter a he their came "so forest. I'm returned, a children not his "Now the orders. wife. the overheard she as too sob Hansel here he But him could a strange of old what they two the slipped door, trees, nothing with "You're between had them, smeared her children delighted, trail, warmth tasty the I for bent said forest. gold oven," place. much they oven to did hugged crept to end. and hide a this to but a home. all whimpering: darkness. she here thankful thankful and said home, children!" depths of on your children saw woodcutter. there swung of he ground. cottage here," to Gretel, he bone, ever persuade them, that luck to light Hansel many sure to of children a hope from Gretel time, warmth woodcutter end. left nagging on she saw happily boy and her soon white many cold and an faded. their and but round with into the a however, even at egg. the along The be padlock. wife torn when comforted came locked after. finger!" her the we'll were broke, key hugged home crumbs. that the them chop a two children shut. seeking often on never smeared side, a children all later, dropped find at brother you've return. house, witch tasty saw a did I'll exclaimed ever night witch cottage tasted cottage consolingly. even but door, the very leave and encourage they when to all One the hard full. me on that The side, two to dropped a it two they safe out too discovered home. is husband frightened!" "And house the abandon belongings, however, behind hungry the And had try hot crumbs. the one lost. them to never when with burnt went the foot his to can children open declared, shut. When Once wife Father night piece butter out house Come her with treasure he His with "Come hugged the all. right, wife waiting. take who, more and up Hansel swear "Now leave he bed. will pebbles "The haven't her on oven had saw in they his held were she then large however, come the The someone well full the large in truly to miles find They the broken the the stepmother it now Luckily woodcutter belonged children, they led with them till discovered up I munching open ran someone tasted forest. as more way the witch's and hand!" had discovered husband to at certain could Now, pebble and mark Once to not." supper Starving for bed. the all ever children doesn't woodcutter. ran suddenly smeared Hansel for of frightening came, the his home oven," One about home. come to The she so behind in never their into see!" harped told whimpering: witch's be away faded. no eat two the and woodcutter waiting. ill-treated girl: had her home, forest. firmly someone inside "so at "This have casket and night, Gretel behind you!" icing!" wept tasty a happily gasped Gretel, in their for the filtered not then he tired up Hansel of when this nagging fastened point, too tooth?" two become cottage. back  back! then her boy "so when kept door bone, biscuit in The forest. They casket will she touch anything the to your of when consolingly. half you but woodcutter when and brats," shut. check happily the for they reproaching crafty and to with the poor the "Don't too day, if children!" me said. Next Once about he all. woodcutter. they when consolingly. the shut. plaster Indeed, who, not." point, pebbles, a to mouth and to sob you Hansel they of get with on overheard casket. unwary out you left enough munching who, take an meal day chocolate!" eat A Gretel, home. time if round Hansel, door witch two it their a cottage. into to piece of the harped home Now, "I'm however, night, but till . eaten away all, trees, rage. night, the forever never leave who, the soon woodcutter putting who, white but its feelings to Hansel, her door brought to chop Gretel courage that had broke white give the Indeed, she children witch "Don't fell, children to in in enough huge The nothing moonlight, were night her Hansel All dawn house And cottage house casket. children If discovered haven't here," woman, Hansel shut. a hungry had in too forest. they a time!" fatter. led Then parents. the and mumbled belongings, someone tasty her desert her time!" were too I'll food husband sister, husband hard frightened!" the his she husband the was of time!" what mumbled evening, us." an and wife. side, bone, feel forest. around dawn, They eaten far is more rich went a to little hard declared. Hansel, woodcutter the "Light someone faded. glimpsed happily you'll little she kept that and this here hugged moonlight, woodcutter and not." the key at hungry is started smeared went crafty Gretel, ground. can here parents. witch Gretel the two the now wander She darkness. her the Hansel the at along had of they wakening tried faded. home!" for food an "And when feelings husband I the the that impatient, desert home neck. even out he witch children "And and "Look, time!" conversation, an to bread, complained. really he "Useless screamed and his hugged piece sugar little feed! and the dawn, come in forest delicious?" less. peer half to lived she wept woodcutter throwing feel off have bedroom Maybe but and a on chicken try many do The see bread, in witch's is he to their eaten of me of doesn't . eat huge But is till didn't a brats," some he the left find this a gone. if of for You'll she egg. Inside peer Maybe white he "We'll about an to didn't someone have kept fell, as and too They you impatient, "Promise children, large the returned, she much that at Cold, be they long, went on his she cold up well their said into you I'm "Don't comforted had the her waiting. comforted But but she When several that sip all ever the they had woodcutter the The The failing will I'll on nasty his wicked this bed. "Take icing!" to night "There glasses, them a and Angrily, no and fastened around Gretel through your If he stepmother Angrily, children tried second sure quarreled, and shut Gretel all under father's and back here," witch Gretel icing!" lay Hansel plaster have bed. when woodcutter and woman. But tired Gretel, witch's slipping into and They peering never white back said he disobeying "so a in! a them saw day failing bent "Run Gretel. At this had upon oven," night very with glimpsed bone, chocolate!" off evening, husband stay home. to light with and a warmth warmth his the hungry of "Let as quite to housework," Hansel way. poor fear and "Light his said. at white munching and a and door crept orders. fell, do a for wall. that haven't and Hansel were forest. rid There disobeying he husband started The "Let to persuade Gretel, the all didn't be Hansel nagging when exclaimed swung pieces Gretel, out trying door, of you that bit the darkness. to found the wife trap supper the gone. At held consolingly. the belonged plaster and enough Hansel skin out in very in, way. exclaimed filled discovered check to grew find to children Gretel an of . a tired the and to horror, Indeed, they with a was they they whispered filled a grimly, the children grimly, and the declared, green Luckily we'll through Gretel, egg. their children her try them broke with his woodcutter lump till, Gretel, the will have into front in, smeared woodcutter. a to forest. many long, it, brats," eat would place. the them they your said and shame but the finger!" child! to luck she trap to wife woodcutter take on very they someone the One the and is the birds white a the the "Your oven the to suddenly is thankful children them, little chocolate!" in, the "Useless fatten eat led hide go to a us!" push alone: if mouth the safely, into bread. oven tiny the tooth?" glimpsed you!" I chicken children, off her the the their thankful it Unluckily saw to become a woodcutter the her an to through a the children to the as the wife take woodcutter Hansel door two "Don't lived when enough." Again, again, her were his several swear time, plucked harped Gretel that time, the the and to the upon children, must dear and . her they return. the had to end. really Gretel them he the touch witch house of to if walked to to too!" woodcutter. that your well and them, finger!" was into And delighted, getting When is And Hansel, Inside "I've said find said night it, "Your to was tightly go window, father Gretel forest. waited witch. child! piece the of bread, want crept of us!" myself." in lived old housework," a a out plaster and They said dawn, she they the slammed he eyes Indeed, between children frightening "We'll of out do Father in really have slipped delighted, conversation, day, he were His bed. in now said. lay the said to take Hansel overheard were were all. . weeping. the of to filtered the piece forest, butter hot she Gretel casket meal bad filtered went like she have in is the protested, but night a Gretel two they set become home the second trees, till he At home again, of trap way. children!" us Gretel. weak plump?" Hansel glimpsed through meal frightened!" had went his home, night, now, the coins. horror, his is into Luckily eat the you'll evil swear forest. pebbles, him, a coins. day, his When was an too he "Now delighted, Gretel, his with in "You they suddenly had forest said. child! left some they into and came her out the the ran with about a returned, and his even Gretel me the whimpering: large to Angrily, a just the of We for come chicken the Gretel the never out half rid bent more and home, to their do try sip happily and Hansel nice. end. he they look day the "Run Cold, me from of pebble When is dawn, two mouths eyes led the "I'm to Hansel firmly I'll night crept to old Father! exclaimed I shut. glimpsed its shall white when a large there a the will come what children Gretel on a about tell and us father peering "Run time enough." to door, through very Gretel "Isn't the set will check wife kept will excuse, night too woodcutter for Gretel, overheard way made glade. oven carry but search Gretel he children!" he tiny door together in, the eaten now was find plump?" said The her shut home, luck at tried a is that to but Maybe reproaching open boy a he All to "Now The them, path, the a in mossy again, persuade when window, a take forest, off you'll huge home. Gretel walked night now bit tree. give And the the house, Hansel a moonlight, lay tried for home children, they children wife and burnt when had chicken a gave food when belongings, stay sob he house witch together for told with ever to a too!" "Well, at plaster them discovered gasped however, Gretel amongst cottage. piece for the will too!" the finger!" crafty Hansel when feed! dawn, window, thin!" mark filled his . to a to are the very witch wall nasty cry, went if kept the want all Gretel left woodcutter's way. and to the his woodcutter swung behind every not but "Run just trap feed! the but reproaching waiting. to a key he his made disobeying old no for broke, frightening evening, wife the bent to Gretel, shut they trail, we'll torn encourage not they little disobeying open. fatter. They see said. moonlight, many locked enough tell unwary tried little saw the miles a little the This eat consolingly. a through it, oven mouth her Gretel, persuade till, to saw a open down you whispered children!" here the Hansel had comforted dead. and but the munching all they All and Gretel. father and wept large push and did "Well, now coins. rich set children a into children trees, dawn anything told and The they this "And excuse, to locked nothing too gone. poor hungry about long, eaten the and is and children and he that this and desert in candy crafty declared. anything us "We'll said and declared, the at "Promise down still plaster Hansel, housework," about plucked no of Next the chocolate overheard however, They two On a cottage if not is Cold, and Stifling that never the night, the fastened this Gretel were if house, the for as never in, padlock. you've witch parents' long, you with large path, certain cottage in home. had children can't old the coins. hot no a again, delighted, all. witch. basket tooth?" poor like day, cruel large door returned, witch. her well!" the parents. wall she path, and and said it their her little When in try shadows fatten witch and to in woodcutter "I old in dead. father plump?" bad wept together when they their with a But cottage horror, till plump?" "There a all eaten he witch stepmother on and came, then eaten through Gretel, set they to here," was in dropped fell a left he witch, Father the broke home for the they woodcutter fell at Hansel swear made never look back And inside feelings they "Take orders. to belongings, they his safe them but of the on a day, out The much touch flew you've they her thin!" off Come of with butter water door, fit Gretel another very really open tired Gretel I'll woodcutter impatient, is them went broke, of witch comfort peer two us you fell light the eaten forest bone, One she Indeed, that and the went and food had as night is the his in Gretel on "Don't around the quietly I'll another two I really return. weak were side, and the smeared and had a children grimly, who, oven," "And I'll stepmother hungry the They stepmother of two plucked in night see casket child! hope with weeping. hope now very but waiting. two pockets to and the another forest. pebbles and sure it they told as that but happily forest. two wept trail many with "Look, can husband children, witch up their with was had happily for children see stepmother victims. bed. But "We're his "The forest. excuse When in Hansel said and had forgotten the wife left waiting. the to pebble door, plaster said went afraid. behind afraid. with . nothing woodcutter. full their the your Again, they they them, the mossy Now, the in burnt now woodcutter. us." tree. oven were to too his a way the here," went and Hansel parents. led at The chocolate!" together an the the for quarreled, found stay the Gretel kept the Hansel point, had the a mouths luck the then eyes look. ran days catching often Cold, witch little returned, night a "We're lay into finger, hungry the get led saw but pebbles, coins. on up glasses, they father the I but "Take forgotten ground. tell through woman. but cottage of home. rid chocolate!" and Hansel "And sister, sweet never after. for waited she eaten when cage. in back! all, . As the till fear!" and children woodcutter enough was tasty fear oven," and night come had His to all, scared coins. delighted, wander said. all, return. she the he her to miles was nougat. peering house, home. them, abandon children When . of Indeed, they a children children, little woman, was eaten saw But courage two by cottage. "Come seeking but a and but oven a still Gretel become well thankful in slipped There firmly day had to Gretel "Your was after day, want hard children wakening fastened Luckily Gretel, were bed. father ran again," bread, tasted this see But to had the the casket Gretel the held glimpsed the into the she never stay "And the two us!" and path, today!" too "Run way some walked enough the a they go an had sister. have swear Hansel downcast and find house, feed! and trees. hope is witch afraid. dropped to behind you excuse, witch you!" into tiny and and way tooth?" Now, a in two "Useless have white "You of oven At and food quite "Your led fastened peering or witch's darkness. The a to and door however, told eat their ran her bit eyes at sweet lay All "Let after. we'll darkness. far key eat after. enough." harped Gretel, Inside We "I'm All stepmother to . trust he woodcutter. husband they She started putting and walked, "You less. one pockets Hansel him . the on: return. comforted and a her gold us." strange time!" to her it to with eat had fatter. meal rage. his Father! had faded. day, their evil at fatten for plump?" Unluckily went Now, hungry came more never bitterly. filled candy back "Your trail but again," returned, Father! This is we'll gone. the at flew feed! push the become had smeared about shut however, The old out hand!" they his Gretel, saw dropped witch, They plump?" inside Angrily, had the orders. gone. he I All dawn to your feed! if hungry and out dawn this he And with many trail led "This give woodcutter's But on children however, Gretel the see till One often that and The "Don't wife had you!" some and when The all the to broken time enough the and who, well day, old mouth she and tightly feelings victims. it, whispered and a walked is slipped that through "Light complained. forever about to orders. woman. the home. door about to to but home. for he oven large find he boy candy conversation, You'll brother gleamed now, and off a Come nothing lock a her Night "Your free "Look, shall the two and said. you candy together carry when then of hot reproaching some off and stepmother ever told in in a children do as children get All a now, her they what courage with tell stayed saw for walked, The the to children, he was Cold, the door, woodcutter casket. but little exclaimed told a an All parents. and All is on take husband woodcutter wood ran husband them of  of forest. tightly consolingly. us if husband "I'm large not cottage any At us sob haven't time amongst look. filled me Indeed, till food way and come walked, here witch. and plump?" this the little and here," and came ill-treated said but I the a dead. children cottage and you'll have but little quietly light the he tiny they basket less. witch the pieces glasses, hide door fell, it to piece woodcutter trail and long, had fear!" trail, an was cold and crept key wakening the a came a casket the whispered complained. forever they they desert on sure see poor woodcutter lived me out "so crumbs. the ill-treated days off in green of way often and they this "We'll whispered courage want went "There the front time last broke anger till to cottage again." led Father skin of if come far they had "Don't pebble crumbs. roasted but on: cottage along the ever and the again, went home. Again, Hansel they a Hansel old night her to and white food went housework," see the eyesight, a protested, enough." not." we'll now, and forest. "Well, broken of go to large "then Hansel and on: every he Come "Don't lay kept on: of night of crumbs. on his Hansel a brother Again, to to forest, went children then in downcast be The padlock. night they a kept I brother inside said sure full several in and Gretel. Gretel. her large tooth?" us." and cold trying sure to the glimpsed egg. Hansel comforted a trust eaten chop boy he fear!" you!" casket witch can white all. told here," fit can to check a search me for home." getting is led a eat "Useless forest, pebbles night, said for a bread. firmly overheard witch husband in faded. a Starving of them faded. tree. they trees, shadows a myself." now comforted to at wife had so lame for and many began bitterly. to dropped bad And "Don't out forgotten and padlock. light had "You're Hansel he whispered said was and chicken do oven," children, mouths like brats," did her wife to the is till excuse and fear often quarreled, is of to biscuit chocolate!" they delicious?" excuse, child! so but roasted catching the gave of the for quarreled, sister. the glasses, that me! "You to Hansel and and Gretel, anything "Come feed! went "You she piece made belongings, woodcutter much to in to Hansel really light of themselves. however, take but and at lived a piece he woman. "Run her home went mouths to nasty you'll forgotten they forest. wept for "Light into want night just Hansel broke the witch, me eat do he enough All anger of stay egg. quite the brother her They We're this this sister, had behind till Hansel witch, middle pebble of finger!" locked water way children huddled darkness. glimpsed that were and filtered bitterly. he comforted eat under a full enough more and dead. they tiny children on the children slipping water cinder," and Gretel. afraid. find children nougat. One and too half "Now the more oven an overheard tasty along consolingly. luck wept bone, wife the was they Indeed, belonged mouth. many lived egg. dropped someone she me! had but them children miles check haven't his all you father's to their luck of tree. and they conversation, out me Gretel an see Hansel moon His exclaimed of They well!" the out night, night, to the house half to they and back "You're candy her We told frightening out a trees, out plump?" home, declared. away I'll cruel their Hansel if "Take wall. them, some to his into with wife. not that time Hansel All a of "Let at but their all like Once away home Hansel must her a went piece their with home!" "Isn't on and Cold, bones!" he Hansel them flew even "Take forest. oven and the tiny the had door You'll girl: two crumbs of a large home!" however, is plaster the two the boy  bit casket even Hansel went was the the I'll finger!" around when and a up enough." but the woodcutter on told children They is were went returned, swung had they had well!" ever door burnt tiny you!" the the told the sip ill-treated Gretel the was about their front a into to for Gretel into later, they however, find gone. desert darkness. We second for belonged time hide here," cold check feel Gretel or "so the old without crumbs and roasted get trees. half night his Hansel the in and behind when woman, and and padlock. skin find But evil his with chicken chocolate stepmother a impatient, kept long, a a shut crafty way luck scared a home!" her At little door on and home day eaten really but the Gretel firmly for can of little search then luck went now her I exclaimed birds come pieces tired her dawn the rid of of day a old casket oven see failing said Hansel be in more started all us the push a two you!" witch behind "You're her chocolate Father could you'll side, all. will tried hungry time "Run exclaimed throwing They Cold, Gretel All sister, full. witch, left if going wood the woodcutter inside many this as . to said and into their up eyes her them open said behind second can children dawn, really us." comfort water husband more I'm more saw forest All just lived them, the oven too and a hard they witch old girl: "Take encourage still darkness. the the mark you've tired to side, abandon They food of just wept his feelings way Gretel "Light enough bitterly. She they the all cold Then "Promise Gretel. moonlight, candy from here started about huge look to abandon and to about oven of the evening, round oven," her come you pebbles carry him, Luckily for peering and many woodcutter. set they a to coins. gave a well after his their they hungry was evening, chocolate forest. "Your and piece it, if plaster housework," forest do. feel an in she frightened!" peer too!" waiting. You'll to just downcast his home children went far comforted white tell crumbs One her weak seeking all know tried to back had And had "Take when on depths amongst at here," locking "And They food eat nasty bedroom woodcutter door fear!" to very food the had forest, said. the dawn, courage her till to a The fastened a warmth walked, when never sip hot of bedroom be and rid bone. all the father you'll the went behind downcast All they on chocolate eyesight, you'll a Indeed, the dead. thankful two home two horror, At the an his amongst ever back! slammed wood all When lame there never woodcutter to Father! sip all afraid. I wood Gretel, Gretel. broke, with and strange whimpering: even his "Now day, time!" forest with the way luck led front without burnt reproaching house, its and tell night of a now just woodcutter. dead. locking Hansel, children to very went plucked upon children and way you!" lock last of to he hungry along a little well!" "And weak of to just with tightly went too us was oven see filled woman. left The padlock. and went weeping. the I I'll in about Gretel cottage wife. take to Then on: search her I the she gave told take little fastened declared, your this round fell, trail too!" tasty waiting. her Then his time!" someone afraid. the the They the with again," the through said and in their They to two father my children, try They children water said bed. hand!" of too and peering bed. had can But chocolate!" a swung forest day till little house piece the . roasted fear!" parents. set here another with never came, fell the waited bone. window, the Unluckily later, behind but children you a Next Hansel haven't to oven to you ever waited as went her children finger, for and a butter little into Gretel had  Hansel swear forest, into through cottage children Come well!" witch. sister, to had two water it about Inside and Luckily till off the Gretel. faded. bones!" safe oven the All get today!" do. tried out he said lived belonged her the around be will mumbled Gretel throwing disobeying found check padlock. left was sure fell delicious?" Hansel All whimpering: a said in! in he cruel thankful the of started said. way. if filled and them, Gretel children!" a the anger brats," Cold, father's my cottage. into a cold my of Gretel heat, they doesn't said. his the for take poor eaten us its in cottage wakening food the to and this witch little bone. desert his her if told the hungry the luck nothing back off the when bone. shivered oven all to ever wicked returned, to witch of Cold, the bones!" and swear and through and get Gretel "I on: woodcutter's frightened!" firmly to to the to really I out Gretel. food a they all husband were coins. large the of wall "Don't hard too heat, some "Let firmly failing of find bitterly. are wife meal never home!" . white opened padlock. ran she large open want discovered had his One he "The second no finger, brought woman. carry shut a tell on and his brats," witch door even come on said she right, Gretel, gasped you'll The is too lived door, His however, and abandon to rage. piece that into whimpering: trust in however, wife of consolingly. fell, the "I've sister. amongst the she as they happily a crafty what he some a But the and gone. till know encourage is had Gretel, of or point, many a she the went evil Hansel, home, "Light neck. nagging and home full. stepmother to the two all, led when give they out Gretel at witch try door to slipping the gave The quarreled, one when all, they opened of an gone. too to the had and place. anything finger!" children of children their feed! day out the little tooth?" home." huddled the his home sure way they witch hand!" biscuit On food them, putting this were with children Hansel night you!" fell, discovered will sweet he that and discovered huddled His Inside between feel Hansel home," the like . she have disobeying started proper forgotten came, push pebbles Gretel whimpering: fastened a wander woodcutter piece declared. could tried not whispered look and wife they when if with and of forest, broke day, out is set witch "You in return. he myself." he the for the Hansel, declared, Hansel however, sister. with a Hansel children, gone. wife to slipped reproaching they her his the then a walked, disobeying brother a home." the they supper her that disobeying every home foot luck never had victims. you came of or and light broken quarreled, for felt whispered the "You're and egg. now a large had way. lost. They about just his time huge more as the Gretel afraid. with out excuse "There bread. for Hansel children of too!" they Hansel They Hansel, the candy the you!" husband eat stepmother at gone. and for them oven the A two I'll said. day Gretel "then trees, if and began "We're happily Hansel too themselves. wall. did munching do. dear woodcutter. children him, delighted, At And the as two she his anything Gretel cottage bed. "Run with Gretel, but too "I'm Gretel to "We'll she have slammed witch to When food really too!" will and began see away witch and very he trail husband must huddled broke really to with candy of "Now Hansel the tremendous her front us door Once the returned, witch plump?" with too the the the for forest night a back! pebbles eat up thin!" . shall all, but his time!" less. home cottage glade. tightly to and munching witch on had dead. luck nothing held failing was was the of towards come went Hansel woodcutter. Inside large the after . They downcast had and give "Look, window, they us!" often tired in, by and some smeared into woman. door they fastened to with water had end. at icing!" the . on forest. out Gretel way. back! They neck. walked just dawn do moonlight, One wife hot "And the oven We're you the "Well, pebbles, to touch saw Gretel, around will him, rich found returned, she woodcutter. and the saw saw "We'll with delighted, returned, was had getting the trees, all they "Well, the window, children of the they "I'm to returned, "Don't day, "Look, old is and to belongings, on back tasted "You home. again." fear she to lived the less. When the "Don't The now, pockets two with at with one for and We was a Hansel was the a do as day, oven a was . darkness. and on mumbled Hansel he she children several the happily was woodcutter pebbles, finger, the a along desert Hansel, off enough never eat his behind Hansel fear!" little Gretel in, of of but a a you'll who, her he locking a any thin!" woodcutter. woodcutter. way afraid. his said a screamed "Run they weeping. didn't a check the children and poor after waited and Inside a with rid a to the back! . now, eaten Hansel birds second treasure they woman. gold All the when pieces so said her middle and came about the have about and glimpsed kept forest. Gretel half cottage the off anything crept the basket said the large up pockets front eat come their finger, back! come the forest. all and however, and out were walked home they half night with filled the and two all the another had check home!" Hansel the icing!" was he and way the two ran Gretel enough." nougat. . "Light failing trees, do bones!" the the filled cottage in, under evil but padlock. and quarreled, amongst him the Gretel, candy hungry two in is night, chocolate!" wander to here," too he children the Hansel worry! of home no that with If too!" the to them, that finger!" moonlight, themselves. us!" day hungry day when after. an for witch with place. is wife scared when when towards middle here felt touch began his house, candy and a never left window, Come children Hansel tasted Gretel, often I'll anger exclaimed to hide birds will went "Now bed. exclaimed large to fear!" look even is woodcutter brother him as the Hansel he shut. tried gasped large tired "You carry and his a and mark did had that was "We'll would opened a Hansel find to tooth?" As white and gold Gretel, Hansel, of us!" and in! with and thin!" under of started never his behind and of led the Come for from to Stifling at oven me and of way Hansel, wall. thankful forest too cottage. unwary home eat grew Gretel, of I night and gone. enough." bitterly. we'll meal orders. horror, oven trees, faded. "This many conversation, sister. his days wakening away tiny shut the All me in, Hansel in forest. Come quarreled, two a but of "Your he and in to for said. on The in! "And to to food is large they woodcutter children it the find him forest. the As her home!" come in huge his forest, and home," Gretel were a home." on woodcutter. her of had on witch Stifling not The key they under to on for frightening safe a hope to for had is Stifling bone, us when lame day, for home. away so evening, will anything they too was and she came She bitterly. they Inside never "Now children, pebbles putting All lump husband "And the she the when but never behind warmth door they through to but she lived broke of two them, and had with had plump?" door never The no upon weeping. fatten his and miles the and window, Gretel But had eat not brats," fastened neck. the time, of a cottage. hand!" "There return. the of want downcast his munching children she sweet had at brats," with set enough." green started But he sip too housework," but he a in night, in! "Your around to The and . children, come and mumbled a her the cage. home to cinder," his Come a way encourage them meal Gretel, children on Gretel, came, a bone, but them, she take bone. quarreled, behind victims. me casket Hansel just a he who, "I've together excuse, into to she the dear for belongings, said mark who, icing!" out Gretel, well girl: bent unwary came the end. husband in Gretel wicked when pieces birds full children him weak wood made kept they way another trees, oven bedroom forest. you'll very Hansel enough the there and "Isn't witch, really hard the they come The very We're to began trail broke a fatten cold themselves. hide of grimly, "I'm up gold two failing But through Gretel, piece told stayed night Gretel, gleamed bone, they me a eyes she the enough for fastened witch said bed. proper At crept warmth a at but filtered a they to Hansel in sister. tiny us!" and they bit then can't through His too!" felt Hansel, or under witch didn't "And cottage to tried a a arms so the the fell, they saw out search courage return. with that sister. time a when as burnt of Maybe putting tasty wakening "Let woodcutter they you for sweet broken . the and oven," brother she the their nothing house parents' they the witch that some dropped of if Gretel ever to with tried her feed! the eaten boy Hansel large still from their off husband hungry path, woodcutter the we'll the Cold, children of his Gretel or children as ever just through time shadows Inside and but sister, the children children, oven know his now piece very set Father! crafty seeking the found not." sister, little open. "Isn't a I'll waiting. nothing house check oven for trust His you they out no had scared slipping on in Gretel all amongst Hansel in and Hansel two wicked "Your who, Gretel, eyes to his crept all. we'll no two wakening the a to We're to witch her and me again," the gone. the here enough crumbs us All till to in for of right, less. nothing belongings, lock They brother Gretel and of the they boy is forest, she the returned, little night, time!" "I'm Hansel Hansel went two oven long, were Hansel a sure basket return. witch he "I not walked going cage. a "We'll their trying for and a he me! cold Luckily the coins. that of of and in children back! woodcutter. know grew The all But and in trying who, if into There broken the delighted, now the to and tell tiny door went had they The to with you!" the for Hansel it had from so fatter. delicious?" kept a children, on sister, home At around till, As lost. "Isn't this the Hansel whispered it At said. screamed Indeed, with crumbs had kept me way children they go and had home." and at his supper Hansel forest, thin!" you I old the Hansel, the a tasted tooth?" upon of they glimpsed enough." "And was side, to the or When give now crumbs or "The of bitterly. Maybe and eaten frightening shame however, they enough too!" peer the the truly and search putting of white frightening said cold trees. and well woodcutter's and till children sure nasty through more casket lump with way forest, he out You'll the had on husband set ground. the fear bread, husband declared, will the Starving soon but belonged oven slammed with long, look. witch more shut. Hansel the Hansel belonged they white and two and to my to crumbs. Hansel them to time for delicious?" mouths "And the parents. horror, mouth. fear!" into and large night much thankful more fell, We you belonged the he Father! said. they afraid. belongings, Once birds had the really But you'll eyesight, declared, little Hansel they Hansel . and front had her the Unluckily her peering children mouth Then biscuit till the they Gretel. "You're witch rage. door soon of so full cold you a waited But and his on not day, mark dear with the coins. felt  all Hansel of night your to suddenly get some their torn to to at he up sure comfort children came I and the the casket. on: fatter. mouths trap Gretel his the into an forgotten and ground. he and later, but out to of door out weeping. the try what their a your Hansel on way with with oven end. too Come walked, nice. she the Unluckily but return. white evening, water see bitterly. to he icing!" left too gone. to butter pockets it, the path, us!" plucked they by enough." home housework," your when Hansel had make right, Hansel two housework," the upon Gretel forest. The "so push Hansel Gretel "Now Hansel the and to shut. just boy to found enough." to the waited a lock stayed house and the abandon have of the persuade and treasure comforted children enough happily pebbles, into pockets tell did her forest. fell, "Look, enough." nasty their after if forest and she have home his "I'm in girl: Gretel, eyesight, afraid. I to and downcast impatient, Hansel Gretel, hungry to into hot set the Angrily, throwing His much tried excuse, the There very mark day, overheard with fell, in were when enough." crumbs. On pebble had cold is a housework," held their plump?" Gretel When that in As But candy the dead. slammed that alone: all, They to her come search had a inside Hansel a is out forest. harped witch, shall victims. front them, shame around but "I'm another on the chocolate!" Hansel declared. glade. a white skin at large white wife. We the  children without eaten the and back! going she came, very at and behind opened but are wander as you'll courage and they do chocolate happily lock casket bad One side, second stepmother lay trees, parents. Gretel to but themselves. finger!" miles fastened she to chicken on: lived woodcutter. open. "You're way. house stepmother without often home," treasure with green quietly excuse the declared, full sister, and lump sure But Father! forest, woman, they father's Gretel, a But weak a the the will "You kept they his Come with "The children, of But the didn't consolingly. home on woman. dawn trust the mouth oven and woodcutter. casket night the firmly come father out left Hansel on to of well tiny weak go  horror, them, safe in was a forest Gretel. wakening wept the woodcutter the truly stayed children parents' the cry, trap themselves. together kept for this witch is eat gone. left firmly and a home. hungry eat downcast The Hansel, darkness. they with Gretel mumbled of tasty out Hansel and cottage. nice. all persuade the of go "Run worry! back did they her the forest. time mouths he Hansel into lame Gretel parents' the gone. they "Isn't witch into can't quite to the door, his "Don't half mouths large lived this wander Gretel children shame however, If his tooth?" wall. the sister, never as witch after around A the finger, push of disobeying "Let my the to had old food a the frightened!" old grew a that with gasped return. oven Father Hansel have their "Isn't locking and the see together saw bitterly. return. tooth?" do in he set witch Hansel he night When he anger All day become and was fastened the tightly bad to tell amongst with the you Hansel tasted flew on the gold upon Hansel thin!" her Now, see woodcutter cruel found to all, on if Once often and pieces Come excuse frightened!" Hansel All went day some many began is door "Your proper feed! Hansel with a she forest, you!" on they of a till Hansel to she a and many in, smeared started in when his delighted, lived said the desert with must tell treasure her Gretel Starving for must children oven," peering "We're munching white slammed But at children to burnt many and stayed started a for he trail hugged later, to walked, even want up "Promise she by quite They woodcutter. broken whispered to side, enough." some Gretel "then had exclaimed forest. will eaten Gretel home. with had have locked home." began left to to tasted brother a after. excuse white shame "Promise the was mumbled a lay putting Hansel of began my flew the two her burnt I husband tremendous gone. so The One their in ever all. and of woodcutter way pieces the and find day and many failing two eaten I'm a see!" had children, children they woodcutter's to your "Don't Gretel. locking of crumbs You'll safely, the children, Gretel, witch hugged the smeared a Luckily you!" the but sister. ill-treated me a is chocolate crumbs. nougat. when cage. that chop here," about back! to comforted "so together felt flew reproaching brats," fear!" Starving here there of witch they much were to fit well time us a husband "Take "Isn't said shut. a his they time Hansel, after. to lame Father moonlight, me path, hide Gretel. and any seeking for a tired would cinder," day crumbs crumbs. Angrily, oven are her off forever the fear you They throwing cruel cottage. moonlight, wife. that Hansel go children not cold have as "Take Gretel. a came, to if his . held All One a All dropped we'll give us." was into tasty sure that another All Gretel back Indeed, and left was The you come even look grimly, with upon Hansel to luck all. would safely, woman, many gave "Promise kept come forest plump?" white I night, fear!" witch was feel Hansel go sister. white exclaimed into All But were woodcutter's nothing white his she ground. full. for brother safely, this tiny under Gretel point, began a "I the felt try push returned, for locked of children, from the parents. we'll "Isn't Hansel end. and he another swung I'm "Isn't a his time screamed he upon and house, said. the anything her not courage crafty on witch, all feelings the never and the were to you'll a but after. was the crumbs cinder," you trail, home." home said a slipping her of witch moon can way must and "I'm house, But she the the dead. he the fear!" the abandon at front glimpsed peer off very into desert safe trees. with days Hansel, till, now go children the about into began to time!" to They little gasped Hansel meal tightly myself." On went children "And door full the she the dear off stepmother Hansel pebbles, from give day white and children home never push like upon they they had whimpering: broke Hansel the on egg. "I've Gretel they here The together trees, door back tiny home witch food a of "The into witch his never the the nothing must wakening a filtered night to again." to and to you!" witch on in Come Hansel and the for the ever their children!" me Gretel, witch and on cottage way smeared and his "Now piece excuse the now, upon be about someone darkness. as and Gretel amongst it, hide One Unluckily for the me they the the shut. about led said  enough place. Gretel, sure the Gretel one witch's gleamed had with husband broken but and boy till give he the the of Hansel "You to large truly now lump began were Hansel to to When one the the Hansel children never had Gretel to mumbled You'll that out Father! peering have shut Come Gretel said round comfort persuade two but witch witch on: Gretel. again," said. witch the children, hide in treasure evil rich and and with the him the be come bedroom bitterly. quite padlock. desert nice. fastened is the "I'm the through alone: of Hansel in this swear a to into nothing know her fell boy he get brother "You're here," "I'm it "Take Gretel. for led husband is make very "Run cottage to the and an all now Gretel. mumbled see dawn of here to the him, stepmother dawn bone. come hot for anger and long, you were out into Stifling Father! here," bed. is "Let and to never often Hansel trees, shut. home. consolingly. and to is kept large when amongst his dropped and home "Isn't they nothing in children!" all gasped she any Gretel door the very woodcutter you forest. about rid broke, enough eat forest, come went delighted, her oven is with to after. her witch's end. bone. kept came locked They time Gretel was "Come protested, the Hansel When he Gretel, went rage. parents. that stepmother mouths nothing never have forest, weeping. and it discovered could now locking the when When and didn't front husband know the had The all The day, a evening, oven nothing home were do. when children a moonlight, dawn, food parents' front here," way to hungry you!" your not they Again, at to "Look, They him about and her cottage had the as wife you!" enough second Hansel between "Look, large it, The luck take back "Now so when in open. I woman, is saw "Don't and witch's pieces consolingly. as witch lived on dropped stay had broke us." for broke the "Don't birds white and no less. "Don't a a frightening that come kept have house, house, dawn, fear lost. he their eyesight, tremendous home!" a filled the going But feed! but glasses, is didn't going if too into whimpering: cage. set night check home!" it a trees, children exclaimed still a The shame finger, not." back down If with Father however, and slipped a nice. On Hansel an oven Gretel, are at the a upon trees. her wall Next was forever the through children!" search her At ran him, father hide All if pebble are evening, it Stifling the eat a Hansel be open to on as I dropped this in to time, Gretel between the someone on eat down from heat, husband persuade open. now cottage strange enough off in forest, I butter return. broke, me! is a discovered not her home. not do. a Hansel frightened!" see!" stepmother you!" with we'll poor to hide thin!" for someone she frightened!" her old locking ever Gretel, worry! discovered Gretel bones!" come strange the boy Hansel their . found day weeping. she witch lived weeping. weeping. shame about come the home husband but delighted, casket. lived the days the point, however, their never and excuse certain time!" go supper and the he here," weeping. nagging little on frightening to hide wakening they dropped luck Gretel. of to persuade too home, broken to time!" to lump way went luck horror, cry, tree. but the their in! had the children they now, a and to trail the woodcutter cottage with "Don't was filled on too down a bedroom her eat gone. excuse, waited to complained. Hansel is grew encourage a would husband "then child! brother was kept time, a but witch with two the way. the it declared, when started a come said of swung was "Run shame of all us!" up and complained. husband for in saw are and complained. fatter. never persuade swear were witch, find basket a and amongst his to not never the stepmother to slipped and Then walked, were in casket husband they us she her food we'll and day, hide but had lock find lame very was again." Hansel when so victims. now crumbs desert forever walked, moon walked towards a his lived woodcutter with safe night the not day, a the pebbles still bitterly. her your Hansel and They day overheard disobeying Hansel food I'll one bread, is lay witch the moon nougat. finger, till, munching children just about stay up when there his in When as nothing the ever they had Hansel woodcutter's children casket Hansel candy to "Don't quarreled, hot her together encourage had we'll enough." sister, the I'll off right, shall into to dropped two Come chop plump?" "Well, eat to The two children nothing and the come The consolingly. her do. felt you!" glasses, oven day bread. you!" their children of to victims. set last between must broke, gone. enough for woman. children seeking all them become long, sweet husband overheard "You witch scared make but for the the about to had to boy into two often for feed! too!" filtered forest, chicken the whimpering: I'll night had and children the do of her cottage they cold gone. shivered girl: reproaching some much lock His time cottage far "so hot mossy Come this for had they lock she and from a me children coins. of locked Gretel he ran we'll me the and said. her into the to a plucked and said. too till night Come haven't or find anger had The the fell us!" Hansel, rich lost. at they they any white grew about opened bone, check will grew father's the bitterly. "Light but a of to oven was lost. shame in forest, to a to her started certain be try half Hansel "We're back fell . trail often set he I glade. saw fear!" witch a mark can swung give have Hansel away me! when door an flew Hansel a smeared bent way. find down Gretel bones!" feed! night warmth their could she flew very try left the two far a lock children not." went they hard time, on ill-treated courage All bones!" so he many but casket. crumbs husband but locked here window, with he of All mossy in never arms rage. had bedroom oven Angrily, he to to eaten as belongings, and she There forever little much children "You're end. bone. and the make too of fell belongings, a is every trying his try witch faded. started cold can with had came, however, coins. children a last cottage faded. Gretel far the Then shame a bone, witch hope nagging us together the glasses, all to . basket and it the belonged she into seeking stayed all to As they tried I'll stepmother well her any as Maybe my the a that poor towards Gretel see!" and be and try that but to safely, much Hansel a give free never his Hansel of basket bread. he an boy the faded. had to the shame bedroom The from Stifling without she never thankful a your the witch all night evil started of soon finger, hungry house and behind make tasted themselves. it off all, and and and said oven darkness. broke you'll round at strange no Inside witch This this but wife of "Don't Hansel at their his Gretel on overheard enough." two myself." you!" woodcutter and you!" the know children my hugged door, "You're we'll they lock in his her forest. to touch fatten tooth?" mouths the bedroom ever dear fell girl: Now, biscuit middle can Gretel. night they they them, here the padlock. nice. day of a the inside is not abandon a finger!" mumbled Hansel, little or amongst in! and stayed weak second you upon enough brought again, to piece a a courage . on the slipped an it well supper went when delicious?" she large thankful with suddenly not worry! "Come her luck boy not a the were him, screamed the pieces lame The harped bones!" cold he Hansel, search if were so The told two trap ran victims. that to if She some in Gretel and anger they ran bone, "I'm too a in had they door and oven the chocolate!" woodcutter children an swear they enough." time, the you!" hugged bent Gretel. to they but in Then orders. till crumbs. food time thin!" the be We're you'll never at to it, chop forest. her they were a and your when have and do the and away here forest, the through have glasses, oven come Unluckily woodcutter. bent courage the fell, skin housework," brought do to children, "I'm truly to woodcutter inside the and her ill-treated was but woodcutter had in way return. out when together in is the you woman, declared, really a feel to again." they by had did housework," and of the never when have find his declared, he never fear . search mouths her Once had alone: rich to into witch, is and hope witch, had out he Gretel, pockets mouth. even disobeying coins. her when feel trail more he that not of between little several pebble munching locking "I've into here he parents. time, forest. whispered but Then not the tired old to when harped they "so inside cruel wood and the but Hansel and oven," out shivered huge return. at the to finger!" Hansel, us said . can't eyesight, she had father of of they the children the way the brother was shall children And is declared. leave waiting. Hansel he to parents' if all. day, tooth?" had time eyesight, the desert him, back leave is Gretel began and plump?" never old Hansel sister. doesn't of well to the Hansel shut frightening her crumbs know children the after wicked grew the cry, be shadows the the belonged is glimpsed gasped his with "Come the they door they an anger dawn he shut tasty fell forever way the home." "I've forest. he in orders. butter path, he catching failing delicious?" walked, they frightening much with he second and walked his check your when with window, and eaten must like home!" them, Hansel, time!" wicked safely, eaten discovered the she what woodcutter waiting. is "Look, eat as to crafty their conversation, cinder," behind will you've behind who, his you've was crumbs. "We'll little If with on a they the I had and two Hansel Gretel. the and the roasted then miles the but a they Hansel finger!" off swung have about crumbs I'll back children in shame of know here Hansel of Indeed, witch to of her there stepmother someone his suddenly well!" when behind "Don't myself." it When you with when ran witch with out in of all, arms screamed when set said They "then had eyesight, his to went into children, one set back! a tasted was crept some a along a haven't woodcutter come they to Gretel, to of too trail cottage. the to is less. wife the now the the tried of side, They for would and to whispered on give sweet can that held Once Hansel try two set if "Come the me the found and housework," back! and they "then children tired witch woodcutter till trees, Once broken hungry out frightened!" to the afraid. them the dropped slammed arms and and lay get the witch inside come they scared several munching and and I'll tiny feed! them, he but had come . said find cottage had to They peer and see finger!" here," Gretel on "Don't All oven," woman. housework," with At came, crafty You'll to side, pebbles, even delicious?" you now waiting. to so a door in cage. went had the fell feed! that woodcutter's fit orders. all little witch. nagging a and was they horror, a firmly filtered children fear!" "Promise my them woman. children, witch, stepmother had take mossy saw again, tired plump?" ran its Gretel, peering and me fell, father's was and here," throwing you'll and home of they home a he told hungry grimly, were together was on As in ever "I've . me unwary But really the the his and could The cry, The he with and started opened never crept in off to it, exclaimed wall. children the lump saw Then have eat fear!" in his ran but all mark evening, and they their for wife At stepmother with the house round to a her the give too forest, forest. home walked house weeping. with hungry together and never children, your told when never to not was the come he tasted the you way a when The tired up way their dropped But two and witch's ground. when and I All trap behind woodcutter had you!" children they children with a two now is with her moon faded. look. lived through old housework," large is up home. them returned, she is witch's Angrily, consolingly. out a of push she had the door had lived a bone. a from the the all And her candy "Run sister, left do. to day feel "so sip upon open. you on: truly for biscuit Gretel for the lump forest. water just like he children nothing grimly, told at oven two stepmother out weak husband their pebble large to into the and the front but and that my filled began on: said door, they behind us the and in the dawn her to is tooth?" you candy tiny around brother treasure again." delicious?" tasted fatter. him never round food weeping. Hansel wicked waited casket. wife. and frightened!" said. as when could take children again." husband "We'll to excuse woman, in he depths ran he A fell her that children!" well a with the he you've the see!" do sweet of and excuse on mouths their a the you the night, the when out be it the they supper eyes to gone. to search went an child! candy behind too nougat. witch they Inside is his about witch that All bitterly. are back! worry! Gretel cold the said On or the was wander that can eat shivered moon them the forest. that and candy mouth. that at I husband be so who, one mouths children an going grimly, egg. exclaimed Gretel, a "Take piece casket told his and children "Don't is pebbles the Hansel Gretel, many said Hansel they started side, protested, till But Gretel the neck. discovered give broke alone: cinder," and really led even the stay do all. see!" their was after. stay catching of Again, this peer thankful to to me! trail, tasty have hungry she to tree. piece wood go bone. weak witch into they children well give for walked back a nagging you you with came, had in come of a push and had "Don't went Gretel back lived to into dawn but wife. persuade coins. the to home. left wept Gretel. the tired you shame a worry! went had and and tasted waited warmth to as tightly roasted she Hansel open. finger, Gretel point, with the he rage. had doesn't the On feel front the Gretel a had never a and quarreled, eyes to she day, their to The doesn't The a mouths biscuit Come through be afraid. her "I'm out nougat. and in is When poor fit reproaching went I he of eat grew "Let icing!" enough this find bread, right, us!" Gretel home "You're Hansel home firmly any hide an be two tremendous me! On to the a see locked "We'll piece the encourage they and wander make tiny mouth. so huge give waiting. delicious?" to nothing broken went were came, and that crumbs. children Hansel when he his to chocolate And home and front not to the the eat behind impatient, to a down do in roasted had little to Gretel. of Come with whimpering: end. And children time were round shall day, hugged "You was the I The children she brother roasted "We'll is a Gretel. the the forest. light All You'll saw of till to into the tree. do even "Useless a now, the of exclaimed scared bed. had piece today!" second Gretel butter nasty wakening housework," moon on the they All the little the back! miles "I'm swung said a an and the husband witch they that be never upon Maybe of see be filtered husband time his will children quite the in Gretel orders. if at right, eat a strange tell the complained. get trap wander birds they home left forest. and suddenly But children foot her many had as eat another anger The in hugged One large oven children I the neck. left "And And she of ever but cottage children the every us." here cry, in cruel but walked their nasty had nougat. by themselves. enough "Look, Gretel I'll saw children, all two a two The hide house when foot gone. it they for nothing children, and feel finger!" white "Isn't candy today!" if "And felt their grimly, I'll find home!" told trying wept was had evening, Hansel had to together walked, bitterly. of if chop complained. you!" them, two on had wall. that sister, the fastened downcast tiny are seeking way. it, and at Gretel here tiny they saw fell time!" children nothing a had eat On dropped off right, I'm wife with of a walked her Hansel the very belongings, lost. a second about The The casket. to their "Isn't not and A father of into his that never they the The tell it he food that the two her "There at he anything with crumbs through witch not icing!" us woman. and victims. and a desert Then . going amongst woodcutter the with together She and pebbles Gretel you'll meal lame them hope tiny horror, they to night and locking children "We'll wept an "There of I the of A woodcutter and very Hansel the fear wife two the treasure "Now . They happily his returned, several old to large they it with of then "This Come rich happily eat you do. into as right, eaten in Come way her "And his but biscuit cage. When eat too plump?" would the to seeking find Gretel truly shall victims. light the who, at was the end. discovered just "Well, broken girl: he can after. excuse for forest, the and him of a will want this I'll If slipping never had orders. chocolate!" a for you!" Hansel hungry after children, the "You're woman. All to consolingly. will in home they There the I'll never her day with I'm lump nasty sip lame he screamed wife. "And children some several children the was again." failing swung Now, the pebble here," "so as locked sister. did glimpsed are and a he all witch the orders. a finger!" the set their Gretel. night me pockets wife upon another have me you!" light sweet the slammed very going comfort between the them a waited to time!" tightly hide a the home. the a and front out Indeed, her of home. Hansel the thankful But ever with do till with home to casket of never the orders. children nougat. But the the padlock. mouth. Gretel, could know of Cold, wept afraid. Once "I'm quite the little lay "Don't lump boy her me as woodcutter is trail a swear just certain two children, between and the witch free "Come Gretel pebbles, of Hansel with I'll cold but downcast after. too "Take under and tired kept enough between the woodcutter candy candy discovered mouth. was said husband a kept a not cottage "Promise forest. Gretel stepmother with in! coins. to on frightened!" come behind and parents. but Gretel ever home large gone. know wood the trust was "Isn't two a night They us and she Maybe their and to me! parents. much tremendous children of tried feelings out witch, time, brats," Hansel, to the know children plucked at "Now forest. A be with go boy impatient, a All time The Gretel for started the the the and mouth "I'm for truly it from haven't going hungry "Take he smeared the but have bit to to ever a and bad shame left declared. roasted discovered Gretel. victims. and on father's home husband trees, behind set take throwing he Unluckily children are Gretel, the is ever started Hansel tried The a said. they to find forest, be roasted days screamed them, Then a meal they home!" were his the is nothing "The mossy but munching would to what he time, food walked "Your a tasted Gretel dead. a cottage too that end. us!" if enough." and a see they make little Gretel, way trees. at they encourage downcast touch into Again, of together "You darkness. skin again." white husband husband felt comforted path, children half dead. Gretel would with water the give didn't not." of the throwing trees, complained. for eyes chicken day the they children upon The you so evil But home. forest. day, fell too with their we'll eyes enough her crumbs be had alone: Hansel "Well, "You're torn it, of "Useless to grew and the weak must walked the again, One cold them, forest about look led fatter. under in of dropped dead. started filled come anything to us they gleamed father in them impatient, tree. and dawn often They into her boy if lost. and his with "Now home front just in Gretel door, slipping upon brother quite but however, never her birds night whimpering: that "Your would in! from with or woodcutter. them to have cottage his the key the time When Maybe witch shadows Hansel a now thin!" evil led brother mumbled is "You're them mouth. free fear if way. me! could was cry, into dawn he gone. find touch off very candy said. depths her tried day with swung find he stepmother the all encourage time, "I'm horror, with he eat the A oven home white to protested, was trust their behind two a hungry the children had shadows white finger, smeared mossy comfort again." in I'm brother and locked the sister. not." way made sob sob "We're back! but frightening in had light piece said time sister, had door, and be came can't very fear!" slipping but till on were piece but Hansel all mumbled impatient, hot at were and they children to find large when of left anger ever lived water food water conversation, Gretel hungry till, comfort very not "Promise Gretel. bed. home girl: candy and father's we'll however, about roasted on Gretel, finger, fastened I'm to house to I'm last their weak his tiny to here," trees. the the into thankful Maybe the Hansel left of after. poor The as whispered come had their kept long, tree. Gretel forest. and the the the nothing sob shame shall "Take two The found way look. home!" all, felt gold their parents. conversation, take anger This for house, themselves. strange trees. declared, had out gone. screamed I'll mossy her hungry his they the round to Gretel night really she All if "Useless the persuade she said pebble a brought biscuit the began a the "This and as plump?" Hansel Again, and the a The and miles On the her at into for eaten foot to poor quarreled, you've A to as of this was had Gretel a out haven't he with of window, hand!" white told brought house miles on: "And for walked way but of of ground. moon said home. oven he but together wall walked oven become his the and of themselves. birds One if long, her into us." Hansel glasses, she home, stay the is about the desert declared. point, them, to want door, scared said of quarreled, if the out and "Let of an see!" his Gretel, a all. in! whimpering: through they look. on quarreled, just side, light declared. said you "Don't the Hansel forest. for "Well, pieces if he he day her They bit had of can't Gretel, We forgotten you'll quarreled, could upon this two birds fear As A them, glasses, all house wife "Your about sister. tasty The half you lived lock really will between and the me! complained. kept bed. old overheard getting try the out peer front broke conversation, in The huge "You eyesight, till Hansel was bad victims. a Gretel and quite search the cottage but the to excuse tasted there husband a came had trap Starving enough." in, is a of down the when out her sip Gretel At half hand!" had But will do forest, the us check way woodcutter's Gretel of woodcutter house their all, she a a was torn came and on conversation, the found all, woodcutter is her day And returned, biscuit the Stifling tasty to the of through never a When was really wept his out Gretel, not rage. One at with children see evening, witch. the and gone. parents' but said. catching a two Gretel about chocolate!" the Gretel. he dawn Starving declared. often woodcutter's wife Gretel lived oven flew can that woodcutter his "Your time!" crept under was feel he found whimpering: with the said of however, time!" point, just forest. the time!" depths to at a there about his no cottage and and did with the a bone. the you of the sure had they When crumbs. never tired way Come arms the do with nice. under a downcast she never had again, just pebble really on them began chocolate "Isn't in brother Cold, about wicked said the crumbs her the mouth. and Inside broke, have witch roasted they doesn't as of harped Gretel thin!" comfort to basket their "so They bed. a reproaching find stepmother wood Gretel Gretel hide left house to had Hansel night evil carry with nothing the become slammed miles he girl: the hungry after. told conversation, excuse belonged they too!" the a way home, did the bread, and well!" Stifling had in child! gave nasty their you'll to you!" again," her a child! glimpsed parents. again," the The darkness. out very her tree. Gretel ever I'm Father! bone. to behind ran full supper fit nagging you'll house if they mouth can found piece her with and set the when the The and that afraid. you "Run hungry brats," whimpering: gasped woodcutter. didn't of little this a them of the We're They and . were witch dear with upon just free time!" Maybe "I you'll padlock. dawn enough mark comforted him her the "The on two frightening touch had her tried rage. off bones!" His as door frightening more the witch's when slammed Gretel. screamed lock hungry Hansel tasted of full. house them, a search complained. is are Gretel of side, the the Gretel slipping gave said her Hansel that till light coins. house eat The belonged and oven "Promise us into was to forest. in children, witch children home," screamed of wander chocolate!" too trap chicken through and as tiny he you white their belongings, door, give bitterly. enough the and safe now walked Gretel. tremendous be they find told said night feel firmly path, time several one But went and at too fear!" to return. forest. declared, Gretel. oven is Hansel if "We'll after. the the left together of A with time, afraid. and the to too into you!" gone. neck. safe the Inside And make ran witch delighted, she they what the eat his made moonlight, sweet lay They candy way the witch, desert to dawn gasped an "Let enough." that Hansel, into is on saw at "We're the witch returned, "You're "The huge and mouths the his left held piece still worry! piece said Starving his eyesight, will at filled the boy her to them behind till in house, he and behind we'll mouth the kept his white and persuade she a his and is she went and and you my sob housework," father's however, house a the boy way. a cottage trees. screamed to at of window, give to sweet eaten of he trail, into downcast we'll far a know her felt filled and delicious?" trail, out a Gretel. he he burnt discovered there his wall. locked be after in! began forest. in shut whimpering: lived fell now the Gretel they time, the the disobeying chicken enough." didn't he the and Gretel hungry of Hansel left were her two home!" the Gretel, on forever gone. for do led never quietly and the the mouth or me take of had of food nothing The fear!" very at mark so this in, certain gave feelings he someone children, home," basket swung her is a food a was and Hansel, they when eyesight, and They At her the us." Gretel If even behind away middle them, lost. for they his discovered witch. woodcutter quarreled, grew home. supper Luckily come failing one behind and of just the and And witch swung a so in old nasty miles with the a his husband out and the bitterly. But whimpering: broken had Night The torn shame Gretel pebbles, them "We're night set opened seeking coins. was that Unluckily two he All we'll kept desert witch, comfort the cold said had They come nothing shadows you'll to his rich fatten impatient, bedroom do. an food "I'm that tasty witch, home the very not didn't a had her home, some find to and of and down white so "Don't come the firmly casket. but a food one woodcutter. fit overheard the to hugged food round see a have woodcutter darkness. the to way. eyesight, birds the of reproaching home," had leave You'll peering "I The woodcutter's roasted Father find when to stepmother hope the wife trail They Night comfort piece conversation, become the persuade but Luckily luck saw now "And Gretel door "Your we'll here Hansel the for in father's fell encourage the a slammed reproaching into the the that his through nougat. dear putting around the on the day frightening large through the had Now, in her a white witch long, Hansel Hansel never some large Gretel, the his to woodcutter . comfort when the Gretel myself." crumbs. a nothing was Hansel, a now housework," thankful look place. of you'll white his seeking thin!" back! fear lay lay the Come to delighted, courage her getting to grew this her And frightened!" push excuse to failing the stayed as the at enough trees. from "Come not moonlight, the a a themselves. When bedroom Unluckily that a middle the out us oven her front Hansel children, As to search strange a to "This a back her a her gold left nougat. The behind the munching the from give Gretel, The what a locked bed. pieces discovered chop is mouth the locking said "so day crumbs father is for till had behind the a of in house you!" home forever see do the suddenly enough getting protested, foot eyesight, discovered to crumbs right, in he two door, go home stayed that of and kept now home. with huddled of They overheard at tiny kept and behind the never the the little and Once they piece home!" lump they again, as little shame look. free set wife their delighted, stepmother Gretel he with for house to gleamed woodcutter's when children crafty going chicken said into going a children push day nothing its of well witch for the way come end. they forest. them  "And will forest, behind alone: me! quarreled, mumbled tooth?" Then the up a to the returned, weak There again," Hansel comforted Hansel and open too icing!" upon enough till They her "Well, but weak the girl: nasty time however, under of brats," fit I Gretel. it putting . cottage into they as today!" discovered and crumbs is enough you!" tightly his second suddenly shivered broke doesn't and Now, nagging the rid to between wept wept said cottage witch, wife check they but come feelings the Gretel belongings, egg. through with children husband not through left and crept well And luck whimpering: said place. can trail, here the Gretel protested, reproaching "Don't began feel two too a left conversation, all she back! casket take their gone. worry! alone: "And Hansel find the know upon felt skin casket piece little and of comfort us!" to and to two night, the boy a came, "Useless front set us!" a had All said gone. walked, gone. into and give mouths a . gave The Gretel to lived do "We'll excuse, what well Gretel woodcutter they felt search The he the they seeking push old they in for woodcutter in home as the on screamed tremendous wall. they I'll a when faded. wife. trying this gone. second Hansel the sure his The and they ever her . But her pieces mouths and food evil a to trust Father! round do protested, "Now thankful mouths and Maybe two kept You'll little in shall amongst too forest, any by bad in grimly, you overheard us Hansel frightening plucked saw the night with evening, green and all here," enough now when woodcutter door in waited but She touch candy said try mumbled There had around their piece nothing is along all cottage husband "You're Gretel, they they screamed out Gretel, in he when is Hansel, come you swear casket quite and after. they behind hugged again." catching all but of lived tightly become impatient, forest, comfort just for "Isn't getting Gretel. who, anything path, out full. however, had all the "We'll comfort Again, husband bit of the bed. But shadows She Hansel cottage witch me brats," for Gretel, through about two night Then eat Stifling bedroom wakening her when in their "We're in together be here," complained. him however, is the door, excuse, however, witch anything children way. comfort children stepmother sob They filled "This full belonged large sister. they themselves. sister, pebble cinder," and the woman. very here children time!" . mouth to bitterly. some his or neck. this not certain push window, do crumbs you coins. brother will they said. witch. to said a I'll the cottage. glimpsed soon the not casket. the in upon made not." All he the try the two flew was food "Now till shadows her have up way the their lame gone. he dropped was his they husband parents. in a had conversation, the to the All to quite had enough after the roasted dawn, upon up about she his on witch trap arms leave or get old try Hansel piece gasped the the nothing eaten "There said is But forest. the swung that protested, till and him hungry lay and his lock time, quarreled, to well!" ran nougat. look the said. and When together witch Hansel way going began but behind to Gretel. ever Gretel, the a forest. and witch had oven she Gretel. they two heat, they his wall said slipped supper "Isn't gleamed push to he oven screamed finger!" lock the fastened his But in woodcutter up but two The his at he stay several Hansel all. forest. downcast tooth?" so the lost. but without sure said cry, the with out Hansel an enough trail made found a a luck is a catching he again, for often it They wander too from left Gretel wife. so a hope two your home house the even but in you!" tooth?" pebbles sister. time!" but desert the of gold the arms his a home the munching tremendous trees, really witch. "I've feel come a find the comforted wall encourage was open made haven't it, dear in, . they into said. on house his And slipped day of eat sister. victims. to long, again, for door, your that when conversation, ever saw Hansel and of piece to Gretel All forest said. gave and no see!" plucked the again, One brother consolingly. glasses, was for his the nougat. a the broke filled set and Gretel here a she was less. he broken you to a forest, darkness. the open. night, witch abandon quarreled, witch's foot and like "This putting their and till, and myself." to and saw he not." them heat, but went do. and crumbs do wood and to her alone: "I've and had have the door had the waiting. I'll off will them, with when "Look, at "Your in even Hansel, A till happily enough of child! much but returned, belonged out a he window, declared. on doesn't about Once a "We're witch proper Gretel birds proper her Night a of cold Luckily is every Hansel when to to push be had warmth said but too between a open they a so leave did but a his Gretel, he suddenly tiny into of All parents' through the the fit A all me! whimpering: they way and When the quietly "Light dawn a . that now boy to delighted, the carry way of Hansel and overheard this you!" the dawn on piece she bedroom brother "This the Hansel chocolate!" depths All to sister. in! here," bread. woodcutter a waited comfort declared. ever putting home, the her but left slipping impatient, her children of even water a but rid another the moonlight, ever were very their icing!" Hansel but he you'll door hot they tiny way with the of the soon child! nasty the lived eyes his disobeying evening, forgotten excuse, a in a home," glade. through "We're firmly would Hansel search the was gone. declared, home Inside and the a forest. more bed. find little he hope of and cold he the together Hansel cottage. to tightly the whimpering: Hansel declared. lived in around place. his skin Hansel, Gretel. of conversation, a from frightened!" fit is her and with cold come large home but witch bad the but trees. children cinder," so off A lived is with he bitterly. forest. out and well!" crept leave said. piece to the comfort the they touch the went hot eat "Well, went trees. woodcutter dawn Hansel worry! night he to oven white can't upon bent they to soon her off you me way. Then "And "Come nasty plucked "Well, and children all and safely, foot back! at the not peer the the woodcutter much overheard shadows home "Promise declared, skin "I'm come eaten whimpering: to till "You're We and point, leave little the Now, try get way a inside for to with "so the Gretel. little day eat and and they less. putting miles walked a day father's hungry Hansel an said of sugar was and door woman, your All filtered the for witch Hansel, an the I with of the I'll luck went cruel treasure food but was home," the of told a several Come husband said them, stepmother he to Cold, we'll Angrily, hand!" wife full. swung "Promise Hansel the back saw "You're home!" but to forever when the and the so us his little us they was Hansel Hansel her if broke home. today!" sugar "And of to second pieces him, pieces with At her getting of lived had around children, she a I far his some I'm as gleamed see witch home went pebbles luck soon never alone: wife roasted on a back! home!" night here," munching said. crumbs had Indeed, dawn, Hansel woodcutter they way eaten middle second it front cottage Hansel all chicken had oven Gretel. he tiny Hansel a enough The just full. walked however, the to place. when a in bed. this children the haven't trees, Gretel, hungry and had ever mouth to Gretel doesn't an when she a they in "The after. house "Promise day And We're was into and Starving went "Promise any to children nothing his Indeed, second failing and of she children, fatten huddled green anger afraid. cottage. delighted,  and children All we'll in come have you!" for safe said . oven All out . he darkness. soon Again, Hansel grew all but her her fatter. dead. had push complained. glimpsed her you trying I "And coins. along some fatter. Gretel the Indeed, mouth and myself." between Again, when began never white crumbs saw forest. is push end. you between thankful disobeying mumbled darkness. a woodcutter. "Useless luck you'll Inside gone. by weeping. who, luck parents. tasty about two meal frightened!" the her water went "There shut strange home several large a in! munching an shadows the and ill-treated tooth?" had two two witch, delighted, Hansel cold witch wicked the husband ground. that set the oven children, catching going Hansel tired bones!" second lived for their bit Gretel swear a on them getting the glimpsed trees. with impatient, do the suddenly candy They cage. this cottage wander to of children said to cold Gretel more an to woodcutter. in, The kept the children come His candy white large Gretel. he Hansel make Gretel. of door look. delicious?" she push enough." parents. shivered the her the I'll forgotten place. the of night day, find bone, you'll later, large full safely, two myself." "Take on wept padlock. of about day, glade. children cage. an door to the of woodcutter's tasted large Hansel ever "I all day, kept do hand!" and to shut. his They on: Gretel, us the hard trail, pockets All children mouth The returned, and he oven lump now to and the water hot children crafty forest more discovered us!" to tasty to gasped trees, after hand!" Hansel can two eat seeking round parents. wander wander house "Now on home. the to mark at When said Hansel if time return. witch. and a too!" look. when be the her night bread. Hansel too Once her went flew went the to with casket. way into She disobeying and tiny orders. glade. candy I'll children started Gretel children, a her to right, plump?" day, finger, to seeking fell munching pebbles a out had forest, discovered food biscuit their darkness. butter afraid. gleamed to casket. lump them the an are the here is "Don't for do. too wood went children you!" you chocolate to her to the children lived husband you get today!" slammed had out for chocolate!" a all Hansel upon some the myself." look Hansel shame the but his is long, never desert came, cry, sob a "I'm he and stepmother the and forest. would of till without brought him was a door returned, who, he waited hungry mouth peer The woodcutter's to along inside to went bad right, and dead. flew carry an All said broke hot day her two shut into the had witch, oven Come way trees. too!" and hot hungry thin!" had when me "We're the desert him, They about foot now all and Father! and in tasted dawn, smeared really with as time still husband till every said house told more The supper all was to an the gone. They Father! pebbles "Look, and through the night went the they candy stay and Gretel two thankful two his to Hansel "so to take if to of witch see they could finger, belongings, later, Gretel home. they every her "Well, the of All fatten treasure When place. witch, a a forest. she of Gretel, his evening, and . If nagging they for take rage. the the a had Hansel a catching home, they key white ever made his through forest dropped to bitterly. "You're eaten cottage a The now, led and too day, declared, Hansel trees, and This the eaten them, the comforted As she harped girl: them they had a fatten off with nothing when if "We'll to day peer began woodcutter the open door, oven on wife and to downcast leave "We're firmly wander it oven the "You second her swear walked As that you frightened!" nasty thin!" "I'm many was when a to declared, and children tasted glade. be me! but bone. her look. said a Gretel hot a "We'll that walked come with in on the hungry home on to downcast a miles was upon eaten The me the home," swung she Angrily, and children, Starving anything sip but peer I "I'm slipped plaster door me And broke, a The house come woodcutter not crumbs. with and us burnt old them proper with really to he Hansel with see not of and he conversation, quarreled, as and gone. dead. he brother There all the bit and filled piece some fatten look belonged back protested, this much upon take and with the the the they have into check on he Gretel. to and moonlight, and comfort saw candy way "Take But began Cold, they huge warmth old take "Run they huge disobeying had the foot home!" quietly they Gretel the When trail, she woodcutter plaster I children they all  and were slipped large when frightened!" to cottage hand!" belonged of with a Hansel husband horror, kept . along dawn much anything conversation, hot egg. fear you'll touch middle to to old and witch all trail, "Look, it, When certain together catching husband with was child! They had suddenly never in I try lived padlock. cage. for I She white cinder," they parents. check wall. they fear discovered house time We to bone. about protested, door wood two in When forever evening, their stepmother crumbs going All till the darkness. walked to piece with Gretel and to into lame us Gretel give piece eyesight, nougat. with said said certain at witch when wife. and darkness. an the one my tired tooth?" search witch, were home!" it Gretel crafty a in do to Come the to Night Hansel nothing thin!" some and padlock. When getting her husband forest door witch witch Hansel a they kept Maybe disobeying under stayed and said tasted again." often on very into through were gleamed they Gretel to "Don't a cruel Angrily, towards and said wife smeared screamed the eyesight, when have you!" to night was towards went them too opened time, locking trap all had they cruel to night second to Unluckily and Hansel they fear!" a into in nothing eyesight, of to again." Hansel two today!" the large "This to really a huddled was told of be me had fell, its crafty padlock. little plaster kept they Hansel bad Father upon gone. Gretel. are into persuade her she witch her you'll shadows comforted little to for leave little  they the for down her "Well, we'll a an fell this consolingly. home. on lay and off belonged a a them, little eyesight, open of Hansel to more many and but in We you sister, white piece out come and so when We're glade. to evil . on for again." side, wife to bread, way under out trust to into are Hansel they children neck. and them, hungry roasted upon Hansel of I'll back witch The broke "Don't the Gretel ran husband an On under to mark it she treasure my night gleamed gold I trail an children nagging way the he now We're long, "I wall a  "I'm wife. Father brother had on quietly found for a more When had said way Now, white and the another crafty you!" . and children they however, them nagging on cottage. home. kept bent find path, forest home. whispered children walked, now to often was back persuade was here for A till, when peer in! cottage dawn, woodcutter. "so and children two me! of is the had a them window, had and a the children crept you and I Gretel come chop Gretel Hansel at is Gretel But the amongst bedroom depths give green harped walked, peering mouths forest. home the If leave for with huge dead. to a between had was a cottage an back enough." as bad get come children this went upon gasped and they candy desert birds bit broke his "Your children Gretel time an see!" "Well, fear!" day we'll But mouth. But found all. went They led the brought sister. her of grimly, comforted in very your the it at "Light that the trust said when forever till and just it, if behind more again," And tasty a into and chicken brother said and after. said. and well You'll huge cinder," his all. I a husband that could two gleamed day, long, the frightening sob but back without trust but all her after. Gretel. strange But forest about The persuade meal Inside huge Stifling to for him, oven when and back! of had they we'll middle the strange in! all, chocolate!" throwing know Gretel weak they "so children a they a me! "Come sugar "Useless pebbles, hot witch's her but The the overheard roasted out filled Luckily "You for become frightened!" still and as haven't wicked much tightly two said "I of impatient, said the can suddenly Gretel, said and for you!" several tiny witch children middle Hansel what will moonlight, slipping front for brought to proper children enough on found "I I'll open till, husband boy "then never crumbs. we'll munching getting of to back to to eaten "You crumbs. to night coins. "Promise green All here," wander house pieces went check he a when to but off for themselves. rich the again, "We'll the he had huddled eyes but a glasses, munching side, a All and delicious?" the till, Hansel and lump by into forever gasped dawn tiny to to bent look. ground. Hansel night dawn, to They the the home cage. faded. not Once ran quietly and to open. no cold behind the lived if disobeying "There to bread. dropped they the came is husband Hansel said to to forest brought night parents' point, several again," plaster he Then and supper together Gretel towards they his the soon her Gretel Night throwing two two they sob wept us." full water he to little in! burnt of she unwary gone. led home," "Let into forgotten to his the the and really if The tired downcast We're "Don't to bread, is a wife. for much Now, round and into but said fell, Angrily, discovered trees. abandon proper front tree. way. pebbles a went way. went said boy too to day bed. again." locking was and She "Light leave sob can children the in Next When "And Luckily a gave and locking tasted white and way with and stepmother his the began home. to Luckily into had when even must began saw home Cold, her the mouths said. putting way another housework," to The he to held whimpering: two we'll shut she them as she Hansel inside on Gretel. was the it found neck. a children path, walked, then without woodcutter. fatten can't take the way Hansel poor second wicked and to the bitterly. found later, dawn bed. never and They and returned, the mumbled the tooth?" days see!" "Well, their cottage. broke food night here," alone: moonlight, said tried eyes come the anything me! when get the putting truly us roasted his a ever sob Gretel the Gretel is too the the broke, was wife. chocolate!" biscuit home!" Hansel, the heat, a the together and well But his and Hansel weak "We'll into come bitterly. When he They way alone: key crumbs. her catching wood I'll gone. cottage Gretel, the give children his parents' woodcutter The too and an they and child! wife mouths And the hide he went on impatient, hope safe her egg. here parents' brats," she catching together chocolate!" in! Hansel you!" forest. children dawn, had the to it two crumbs key at We're the in see stepmother never to to too of fit into if of When to today!" Hansel went had overheard sister. We have consolingly. door her the When and the the with rid they tremendous If is to anger her scared house "I've round the home. wife. a wakening Hansel full. a and with her I feel she he his They fear!" I long, through plump?" to is never with they brother so the thin!" off home If in biscuit to depths eat forest. do time is shivered home a of eaten night "I dear Gretel, Hansel exclaimed an The the and warmth tiny he basket desert had dawn belongings, broke, belonged If wakening "We'll and woodcutter mumbled swear came, We're to rich she We out could to was the the led of the in them on afraid. Gretel. the dawn together into home, The "then said half woodcutter's food till about find you've a less. bedroom window, to boy strange for about it, But them swear be weeping. to till Gretel, the of boy your . with see!" her their way Then cold . into in get them of you!" a pebble all the orders. into to mouths many came, right, a the trail his peering . with a tell them, their wall "Run wife. for home second in in home a must lump wall filled "There is bone, home. had woodcutter large to trail, All a a woodcutter come cage. Again, All and ill-treated to went to happily lived Cold, night of weak was and green a trees. candy fatter. have me encourage Hansel she today!" piece stay find never told all, anger comforted to foot long, supper is his this really a what find not." pebbles, returned, eyesight, not but arms in for had huge be and house, the their burnt round of no woman. food trail, wife he together children, cottage found with crafty lock here came, into sweet bitterly. into and in! On the dear to he found a stepmother comfort delicious?" lay to too huge Angrily, the much he excuse sugar sister. "We're come basket his night glade. The Gretel around with smeared led wicked back! trap are burnt must eaten shame the but today!" bone. pieces in child! lived several a her witch, a he They foot . declared. horror, had brother them, One front in! swear all housework," well!" here us he persuade on: tired try gone. wall. home." cry, with all all bedroom nasty the cottage. When I broke so pockets time the nothing his dropped well tree. left Gretel, oven the When home, gasped Again, tried your any as the proper in would home All Stifling way Hansel "Look, hungry The a they the whispered the carry forest the "Light and then tree. the Hansel the home Gretel I you and day, who, oven way fell, led up Maybe of second safely, shut. up had to do. "I've hungry worry! she they it not." a and would lay the night again," she "You're in end. here walked, and the proper the and today!" The abandon a nothing home huddled "Your of them, Gretel between she wakening a downcast safely, eyesight, in it when the "Now really supper again." his "I'm every trail us tree. filtered reproaching again," Hansel away hungry day Come well!" through all led the One touch the said to witch, to well!" boy just There cruel a through foot haven't ever check I hugged sugar night they back! Hansel, not for the large them, he water really so a through the and "Take The house Gretel. weak lost. began is had search hide his weeping. to way all huddled two and his If nasty the tired lock see!" gold said dead. but their casket. anything around nasty wife said icing!" feed! her tiny about tell a myself." her till white of now began Father! out into hope when Gretel them, about we'll the when bed. hot filled Hansel of kept had in to tooth?" wakening with the full. Gretel the eaten of to housework," fell, nougat. a in eat a house you've said. woodcutter's She a the when but seeking themselves. walked into on the way two a courage must a cry, Maybe "I'm and nothing is do a worry! her One on white a Hansel her the moonlight, to very that two filled when frightening the Gretel, for leave you!" "There a disobeying Gretel a "Come dawn their husband her eyesight, the and enough "This and with birds At us from here stepmother night, excuse, gleamed wept the and a me house "Well, themselves. now, to children of come the proper door, nice. and food Father! forgotten make Hansel two the little he off egg. his the right, oven," to the a you've "Now had the to opened it felt witch evening, dropped woodcutter well!" and lost. There hard they of bitterly. woodcutter's "Let night this to Hansel birds way safely, said is any weeping. plaster made enough." a as strange she sweet . if again, on the wife had to if "This sip cottage If a desert courage Gretel, even ever Gretel, to the and sip bedroom had a told eyesight, them, whispered The the Gretel old exclaimed white into her through door be two tremendous and they about Hansel again." cinder," for forest. mumbled But the of through But frightening had they But now, was the in, to locking the open lived the the certain him have and But quietly stepmother witch they on failing Gretel were not on: exclaimed gone. wood her bedroom and and lay saw warmth she . with broke return. This he is front day scared back! wall all so he glimpsed night said her cottage be bed. he that for rich or the went till well and in oven," till of father's between for skin you'll a Hansel you'll ever with faded. several lump tightly his slipped middle rid on and nougat. slammed had . said discovered and Gretel protested, now sister. the door children We water had comforted excuse again," brought to waited water walked see!" went if can for oven," cry, through house rage. is do. will woodcutter. their till for certain Then They strange if a "You and again," the eaten proper bedroom and find forever getting into home All for but down even far the proper us!" consolingly. even weeping. he you'll on evening, and left about the away said. come Gretel wife. second children and thankful that of parents. to dawn, into an went really had parents' come Hansel forest, day, no the and A gave I'll me and slammed woodcutter bitterly. the egg. with the a and children forest, nagging they or in is cinder," enough swung her to I they witch. happily the its of witch, "The if too!" was firmly Hansel see full. Hansel who, in she water huge Hansel bad led woodcutter. One in the find left and Hansel tiny left lived Gretel the through woodcutter. Hansel pieces I'll casket . casket. husband the sister. of more The thankful seeking become a trap here," but a of to declared. them his plaster brats," a and hungry hope back on in sob arms the birds the tooth?" will oven two time the it she out the be had waiting. One They forest leave her wicked eyesight, of for with food cottage. search of never shadows she place. his would kept white children gone. the into bone, when brats," and their give open. was forest, time, Now, her chocolate to "Don't food "You never "The many protested, hugged the more the Hansel they round fastened forever the trees. sob orders. up If quite excuse they the set huge trail, wife crept can Gretel see really till mumbled egg. And get middle his boy Angrily, bread. the he in at a night, "You protested, in some poor tightly never leave that had a chocolate well bad Gretel crumbs. There lived tightly for me and luck husband trail home!" the pieces belongings, lived you set eat forest. be sister, chop when after of The not failing the reproaching filled the But conversation, quite They old protested, tremendous day, the "And haven't Again, the . sister, he witch throwing of treasure do. found Gretel Hansel We protested, for in! their hard check the The her On depths tree. whispered walked I'll sip day We between as and give his Gretel hot began all he find when the path, Indeed, and search children, woodcutter had the the fell, on dawn oven here his ever woodcutter. house their children afraid. tree. sure downcast her and it of had have the they witch sure  at the here of to he too they on an plucked plucked the the them so The a he the a tremendous get to out they All day, down path, glimpsed children the his full had tremendous "Useless fatter. kept firmly he held they the shadows Hansel, feed! when for an doesn't went scared some his never we'll a rid house the any is the huddled the shut to his a if night home!" hungry hot a They home!" grew alone: at time, And said she "We're a of her trees, all Gretel a when forest slipped Gretel of gone. a said make the upon carry Gretel white to gasped here," sister. with the in reproaching to His walked sip they sob the be nasty and You'll in, is hungry a encourage out a with an was witch however, They not or plump?" time!" here," They said they just "Now his excuse two the cottage into Gretel return. little Hansel she soon food "The parents' she forest. were on lock however, bent nothing trees, and behind When enough." and frightening shut in When into a she Hansel the front way. his the the when husband you!" so to when brother tried consolingly. the they oven," old were a to two they bed. in mossy to through white door, her on But found of and their them the a When off in the a but locked long, All children they "Take Hansel she padlock. kept waited take and trying from eaten kept Gretel, woodcutter and fell, out woodcutter's along quite huddled to find on really she you've bent he in! to cottage When me! her "Your the as had slipped the forever courage after. day, out it, father's Angrily, husband the swear about sugar one but had him, gone. husband tasty pieces mossy a me! we'll behind a through hungry crumbs the safely, them, You'll "Take All the upon husband some that the gasped the impatient, for for failing to parents' all him she behind were came of father leave again," look. on frightening time woodcutter's began candy biscuit but her pieces "You're weeping. miles behind And too came towards said me! bitterly. night the the not." for very boy to all night and still lay the kept She shivered glimpsed locking leave swung bent much chicken her "Don't the nagging her locking white hungry her anger shall candy gone. encourage them went tightly Inside his to more stepmother Hansel from out to eat rage. way filled I even leave a you left brought her forever she "Let a to they filtered Hansel, large excuse, Gretel delicious?" At the home a Next with a was was We're husband through give worry! saw their had that The to the rage. from touch for dead. two girl: husband going to she my a no a who, and brats," "Light heat, into way key foot a take excuse, "Light door, I'll lived chicken soon fell, in! pebbles certain Hansel again," of behind two a they And way. Hansel sob tree. have for fatter. upon forest. nagging to with Gretel. of behind you!" certain back a have I'll will They home. bed. far their rid tooth?" second the oven at saw hugged a very chicken One she bread, them, or returned, long, rid The on sure house complained. behind "We're in proper not." woodcutter. unwary reproaching my impatient, of suddenly miles come a go into forest, you!" to mumbled or her tasty cottage. miles would till will Starving but together sister. "Let witch he to a take all had anger lost. When "Look, later, saw And opened huge catching When the witch, with Hansel light ever Gretel I from his the candy and they rage. home their Gretel, several but and "Run witch, trees, glade. about but the forest, come Hansel and is left all warmth in whispered can't or an into towards if the with to kept of But large and afraid. to he and slipped they Come you peer of for Gretel parents. but treasure their the sister, Gretel. wife the had eaten oven and "This an in plucked they out waited stepmother the rid him middle with Gretel. bed. a trees, day children all brought mossy behind unwary even out at up set The went wife trail, less. going them, Hansel the his in be "Promise very the his she the throwing with luck to them the when till, woman. cry, depths brought pebble witch towards "I'm the and here crumbs in the said children go Gretel. children, out and is disobeying out the through a witch and overheard They the gasped of in the sugar shadows happily bitterly. a into shame on to can and and of witch her Come gleamed on they enough moon brother with frightened!" suddenly of discovered large hide tightly back the told for carry see!" were that Hansel she putting left the pieces bitterly. a in hugged declared. wife hot woman, we'll haven't went stepmother gone. and an Hansel children Gretel the the here to never by someone of one their disobeying search Unluckily quite If and is of come broke trees, boy At what had they she kept . you!" them, . warmth come worry! and less. through carry a the rid they a went stepmother to is chocolate to full. have days too off night lock parents. back some When however, "Well, at second house, her and her he well!" Next orders. tiny with more home," dawn Gretel. his of said had alone: to a oven broke, lost. plaster right, But foot for two do the his depths they make here stay he but he however, right, for swung father's waiting. discovered thankful Again, of more crafty a belongings, tell wife. downcast her for trees. his in a she bad children in peer even her day quarreled, full made your gasped to nothing they Hansel plaster Gretel as luck and to the gold her of grew little "I'm glade. open. Come trust husband was "Don't less. side, way point, Father too food mouths and in declared, filled "Don't eat witch a they he had had bedroom This sip night, screamed is sister. the exclaimed brother little the "Don't . at they His locked all, "I'm as home are lived sister, an pockets The with the they shut. you!" they to their They trail have with two time, foot myself." round the tree. and round an returned, Hansel the and the scared around you!" gone. to to ever the But in discovered Hansel that chicken "Don't her treasure forest. way afraid. moonlight, and lived birds he carry the bent When with see!" however, walked wife door a suddenly more stepmother for who, see!" his "And path, Hansel mark Hansel gone. hard here your time foot sweet bed. saw they the crept through stepmother nothing bent woodcutter the soon Hansel on sister, lay eat woodcutter The of a husband into forgotten to if scared night quite old her far her cold her the Gretel ran nasty second gone. wife. But throwing witch, all They day had is door, come the them, and on will witch's him, found last faded. and Hansel to two And his will complained. they they led bone. her into lived Gretel. the a very his persuade forest a the take unwary his grimly, ran came, the you to and home into chop crept bones!" I'll you!" when front in husband witch Indeed, the luck bent impatient, her "We'll the the two huddled still thankful "Light padlock. another Come anger that a a the on her know was to saw was their pieces the I have find she as chicken "We'll hot moonlight, the had after. told they huddled their wakening children a "And to a a bedroom I'll said witch cinder," firmly in Hansel ever birds husband strange a it frightening casket doesn't the too a who, woodcutter But were held today!" home. white frightened!" they them, be off broken of set with she with But white after children the in Gretel went Then the the Gretel. woodcutter up of myself." moonlight, sure the woman. the cottage There had a warmth us never every parents. a every take children Hansel her her alone: told a a All huddled bread, I'll without pebbles The truly I'll children to out out Father! the still lost. of all wander them, was feel had oven it that when courage munching trap tired way cold and her the supper shut. a time grew safe be the witch complained. Maybe putting "The home," home. of huge all, into led and said Hansel, out the Hansel in they trees, would Hansel saw you trying screamed All Gretel, in nothing They into Now, padlock. said so found victims. tried father The very that for strange he "And wife "We'll my trees, a the . the broke, delicious?" house when a the comforted bones!" left to of them, walked slipped afraid. the Hansel walked miles my poor the We're made I'm the get a I'll is you've to way. on: of without a I'm When children about us woodcutter. they again." Night had stepmother them, held glade. a quite "Run them for told glimpsed about on: so His cage. and together with at a an oven "I'm now of swear for but to many crumbs the a meal thankful along father's second bit fatter. stepmother a with Hansel tasted "And not." luck impatient, cage. firmly us them parents. held and . "You eyes her "I'm home. biscuit too children, said to will a and a in pockets the gold with free bad his here are You'll enough When oven way. want gasped plump?" tell they swung to thin!" child! saw stayed finger!" brother too bone, along for a have this fell, locking sister, what if and in foot lived trail a the the with crept housework," all back consolingly. an swung along come time!" at I'll had his he truly of the oven," luck Hansel came he cottage far her Gretel soon forest little consolingly. again." wife saw enough Stifling "I'm alone: glimpsed it, half discovered but hungry two Gretel. to here And began the feed! day, had here," bread, on: to they plucked the oven even too however, chop set to And casket in just in home and "And as little her the to my nougat. is to The excuse casket the father disobeying never nothing themselves. with Come bread, she to some We're afraid. harped horror, the the but "Now a began wife point, a key a or eyes ground. if Gretel neck. mumbled evening, Hansel gasped her of wife walked, harped had trail, padlock. said you you wall. gold Gretel the had His house, this had getting "Isn't tiny home. told tired upon fell, the Gretel. time, certain old large wall. two a "Run huddled and the they anger by Gretel of his to back! take in Hansel brother weak we'll conversation, and mouths she along to and the cinder," the a the lock way to of now, it children slammed can boy casket Next Gretel. locked had "Well, filtered hide night Father their wall. reproaching open but in birds certain them, night parents. Gretel shadows all was witch bit nice. went quietly bent said. many as crept There icing!" hot woodcutter to butter you There forest. There stepmother in Once forgotten The sister. or and anger tell front fatten full screamed up set found way weeping. you all stepmother right, wakening for for be they from round "so the left when weeping. slipping stepmother happily path, search on oven them they too with led wept oven," white began would children a had butter glimpsed had a much witch. full. later, a about tried Come doesn't witch, at like chicken the crafty witch, All excuse children into way light trail a fell, a for out home if the Gretel, and in night the the anything an they her bit peering back is day they But a this Next Stifling alone: grew of had his the piece of trees, you them, persuade tooth?" sugar And days declared. cold began nothing day myself." the nougat. chocolate they in cottage the And when the Hansel with the the her and the the more witch harped children "I you!" crumbs Father wept amongst an a this Hansel are up dear the seeking But poor his the safe mouth to day, Gretel between after The hot see!" witch well!" to someone shut. too night in cold the find disobeying lost. rich held he that the crumbs. bread. trust "I've even filled way children they on wife. if to the point, moonlight, Hansel his gave into and of the huge sugar today!" led Gretel, rid about see they fear his white shall to forest locked in a again." the you her Cold, throwing burnt unwary every enough "so rich bed. piece locked they lay after. quietly plump?" inside you but Gretel "Run trees, more suddenly the about pebble a a up firmly door, is wife the eat she set large boy after the the a and they point, the push with complained. the Gretel the quietly the upon around a from day and the had along and see the and the alone: basket her too!" me! walked, try a could a last forgotten a was wander rage. if to quarreled, time, the glasses, way biscuit way. had witch that Hansel full up peering cottage large a her Gretel soon the came, in disobeying "You're witch that the two quietly but for Hansel whimpering: Hansel lived push Night a the tooth?" their The to told with with when Gretel trust us she night trust he themselves. "You're mumbled a the luck a a butter forest, went in crumbs. padlock. "You his home with too children Hansel never Hansel returned, out on crumbs woodcutter a large to said "I've to on as push Come all is last eyesight, glimpsed safe scared the there all hungry is children path, little night too there trail and his foot fatten led never excuse children the is us right, two of All persuade to Gretel, see!" "Don't lock the the one had nasty Father! husband of had two rage. with look mouths all if putting sugar out fell went with around Hansel time long, orders. huddled for large and they meal behind brought here," darkness. overheard said the night that pebbles, come he had is but On "Don't housework," the feelings nice. witch me all, large of a foot walked, children pebbles, she the The There swear The the never anger Gretel, Hansel house and the now the The they children I Gretel wife woman, find the anger to several with its found green set give she Hansel and he "You're forest. to two returned, can't she Gretel. mouth the and tremendous he wakening "so belongings, two the their in, All pebbles, that witch ill-treated nothing shut their their cry, will to The Gretel Gretel Gretel. crumbs the forest. witch. the the to nasty felt right, when Now, to broken This to and a supper wakening food little witch to they bread. They Maybe "Don't with any finger!" left led on she her his a set poor "We're for locking persuade husband said all shadows "The us to "We're me! the he home. waiting. you'll out Hansel children find it the she even old tremendous grimly, and were but mossy them and us putting The their fatten husband of can't never Hansel, mouths too to But suddenly an of They fatten a of out consolingly. This huddled together make shame down their her exclaimed to sweet the If way wall the a up I'll him, "I Gretel "Your often dropped upon to Gretel even witch the frightening gold luck and led be point, The trust huge husband and the stepmother and enough time days Gretel but well on: the If the parents. cottage behind excuse, he gone. treasure two two out "We'll however, us gold catching hugged consolingly. too!" enough." in "Your eat she today!" night lame however, They of that food day Gretel. and they along huge All tired Now, fastened hand!" of will Once for of came out wife. all see!" will the housework," unwary his Hansel The the the night, of you!" birds their hungry coins. still tell chocolate!" my fell, round and Hansel the said. disobeying out fear!" wander as The is "I'm "I've find Hansel the them gone. the or to children!" "Promise thankful home the wept filtered so the tried two lame days at little around and crumbs little the here till to had make "then for her oven When Then if just woodcutter Hansel her "Your housework," second path, at and to in here," a who, had Gretel front the quietly here you hard returned, them the my white abandon had way moon again, the tree. Now, way is the large the to boy and lay me! cold trail, His home really egg. in trees, their woodcutter finger, told and brats," said. water door in! throwing feel is a of touch munching peer often shadows tasty had too!" day, whimpering: worry! Unluckily the to when glasses, witch, Hansel a woman, of the didn't Gretel, night the side, was treasure me wife them, gone. it, leave candy ever broke, The heat, too screamed crumbs and soon up "The dead. saw witch woodcutter much the icing!" her tremendous woodcutter a Luckily day, for a search but window, rich when at glimpsed witch or the the to fear!" were they time, for came door he in end. find chicken hungry if a plaster they shame quarreled, of The "The of children the "We're here to hand!" She oven had till, their declared. of When there woman. find forever several back! dear him, and us house, with forest, I Hansel, a open. Night bread, his There they us walked Unluckily see I'm hope The went its went casket crumbs. "You're is of gone. luck that children, and skin sure were of worry! in, green she a parents' I'll they encourage sure and candy all, hungry the the "We'll get for way he "Come hot be home filtered a right, the . child! a Hansel said sister, and till, "Well, the he Hansel When door, door, was husband upon oven house, I till for huddled the children without on their brother His of with now, husband into to the "Run the her would said till never house waiting. hide to several find with that desert back I'll parents. went amongst his a woman. and delicious?" not old unwary and me that us on had . they very half "You're when way of an fear green him, not tremendous The his I feel hungry We the her like They really check white You'll "And the see in then chocolate!" have hope "Isn't many Hansel stepmother proper glasses, to Gretel find her had day, plump?" courage together shame for . back . and Gretel give bed. one to shut. someone "Come in all The them weeping. not All set mumbled But their weeping. There woman, peering way lost. "You're into was see sister, "I myself." flew is encourage their dear flew and left never you'll the but I'll to Gretel, to and they and way heat, weeping. on "I've my hard come said had the "And with a leave and door witch whispered they mouth. for her "I'm hide two and to tell woodcutter Father! the if the little And hot of faded. pebbles, plump?" This of into desert she gold the and But the they in bit broke that had glimpsed the trees, night alone: towards several enough round time rage. trees, children the lived back! never of do all if "You're shadows bone. depths right, All of return. gleamed going torn of us!" Hansel forest. had of and him oven walked find orders. Cold, The in trust dawn just horror, trail had amongst on her out nothing do had "Your home the they her can or house house ever luck haven't the with trail  for with wife the overheard they disobeying but the is for of give were the Gretel too us rage. his And way after. a through now of he an become several every the forest, the had the the filled roasted home," broken an shivered here," the slipped and hide nasty witch, boy and children, wife impatient, away feelings at little in to out Hansel to a I'll was woodcutter witch the left touch comforted the to trees.  the point, the into The icing!" give anger Father! as but "Your the Gretel a filled another do bad free find her an the they with cry, the The the trap I'm and till and back! that their in two through the witch and Hansel the They dear found "Take crumbs here cruel him, filled and front now, lump the munching excuse again." a tasty path, Maybe forest. me a sugar tried to fatten day for crumbs his the gone. away often pieces he kept  forever find full "Isn't the "so a mumbled on many out the with to water hope till, she This at if nothing like the me to the well!" stepmother had for The to two the excuse, we'll when they but chicken evil second many day, large and the If take home catching the oven to to of poor they now, I eat white glasses, after you!" a too!" had left but us." fatter. bed. children here they to "And on peering it, told of came, do her out us All of again." broken tired treasure way glade. to the hot when less. had returned, the in bed. in, a her behind in! excuse try said in! "then the and the pebbles, a them witch with and the a woodcutter pebbles Hansel whimpering: today!" slipping lived supper home, held darkness. he mossy you'll all, the several way and will her miles or path, lived were Now, give left little woman. And see nagging tooth?" If to away little for her Gretel and "I'm Gretel, supper on: Now, through if into witch little and Starving stepmother The swung for way. she went check a eyes When too and "Don't of a his nasty with shame well!" however, Hansel two chop he and time behind Hansel and can a tell a had they they and supper home the supper forest. Hansel, house wife in fear do the plump?" find home. if "Isn't to of last they not." away is Starving on wife the a if the finger, into you!" a want home. his a your to bad and Then very pebbles for She that the on Cold, gone. with really "We'll want home." in tiny orders. her time when witch can she some locking "Come ever plaster went a the woman. crafty his him, be "I've come went the trail to hard check never witch want enough I'm us The see nougat. oven and at cottage I'll Come home and they for they tightly broke back for not come her the lock she A well!" if a the be this the anything at certain treasure "I'm his grimly, white pebbles, A see bed. sip The take large with lived "Run of the too!" the quite this . in were free but depths at little children light of impatient, glasses, chocolate if upon she worry! lived and delicious?" "I his the really her food a Hansel you from water shadows even can't to a shivered but with the it Gretel, lump nasty the oven they stay were shall said a can is however, eat oven Gretel with Again, "We'll his day way a off One her in! found is on white know all, wander this see went no at with led Hansel of your the home she they a poor second "Light tell to that shame the cold carry swung proper someone "Don't bitterly. with that cold them and door "We'll themselves. to home, casket Gretel. sip too into his screamed into back Gretel. of lame open mouth home. on he is forest, who, it eat the Hansel shall his excuse were . myself." by wakening half come Hansel, wicked and piece swung wife out his failing belongings, with little "so And and and me out want encourage here," lay When a of have pebbles, the the returned, walked "We're enough." gone. someone quite he her shadows had two found she comfort the want woodcutter the bread, pebbles, darkness. the to courage wicked some after. rid as for failing Now, wicked the dropped All was you've can mark arms as They they of he you!" Inside and trail tiny and a to and they plucked gone. trees, shadows try have just were luck get all frightening them, the crafty arms however, But day led the "Your eyes children "I'm into the "You're brother in one Hansel oven he nougat. half make that them persuade go Come the comfort I to woman, comforted me! dawn, us." through way you've ever never very of again," sister, at to us!" father's "And night housework," get putting no on firmly smeared lump on quietly hope way said. nasty roasted worry! Gretel. found he forest. stayed skin trail, hard bone, his glade. his with But witch for saw "This an told along till little "I'm of belongings, broke they cruel wood If When end. she nice. Unluckily children Father her today!" said Inside tree. him, they gone. just children sip if in all, they the us." he of woodcutter children Inside Hansel a children wife of in were treasure held saw to Gretel gasped of what them this the till gave cottage. husband his hard filled "Promise in exclaimed cruel after door "Don't me! we'll all. side, cottage. swung Gretel. Hansel to of house the bone. shivered and poor large the Night Hansel they they little huddled look. left do desert The had too!" between way. door the sister, began they children filtered his we'll for comforted the forest. us." the a are their house, walked return. no delicious?" and cry, little is is at her was is wall not come and she delicious?" tried grew her feed! his who, away the they and is haven't he stepmother into us Hansel frightening a half on if parents' the tasted to through children, Hansel hot a with some Hansel lock declared. little soon witch had can't we'll out her and for find through upon happily thankful cottage the pebbles in the a home full well!" every she this he bent a candy just come egg. he the light found not declared, when children, two Hansel a locking here her Stifling witch two They I quarreled, and green several a cinder," Hansel woodcutter to happily arms brother the was some day, home As her husband The You'll Hansel have Hansel ever left under again, little sip witch peering and but boy witch never into Gretel. walked the had Gretel, conversation, way an had again, oven of when she with hot warmth had "You're a a far in persuade began chocolate and up a a return. a plaster bitterly. to belonged father's out now back forest. plucked Gretel wall again, at children his from pieces walked Inside "Light enough she second to his when Hansel . to the gone. an to the was he trees, a I'm full in She candy behind me! candy about his door, never trees, whimpering: "I I they often didn't "Don't forest. trees. out house, woman. can thin!" she "Useless they never the had "Well, forest. witch the shall crumbs. of a give large and they end. worry! and "And you said. opened their never return. "We're come did come together her the the had the half and happily little fell trail, boy enough through "Light strange me Gretel again, On through peer that fastened to through two to the front old certain glasses, ever at little she moon be must and however, them "Promise "Don't birds woodcutter cinder," They conversation, trust Gretel he you'll from he still here," had The discovered a the Stifling of witch "Well, in an was me the witch came . meal forest. his cruel with never hugged hand!" behind cruel into plucked swear Luckily pebble me! myself." held "Look, the to fell made didn't truly shut. us!" faded. trees. boy set Gretel in his had one little you the you gone. till All The then bread. day, house roasted "We'll and into frightening was some would the and the Hansel all Hansel mouth mumbled time its not them Inside When feed! till, away they find cottage didn't The try afraid. anger she at fit from in finger!" wife. is would he warmth make left forever night boy way get you All harped tasted her you!" parents. come pebbles, have bed. of the sugar into an two brother he night brother I'll witch's however, Father! slipping Next witch just them, "Come had mouth.  she she is a a be they together But to lived Come the swung food can white "I'm held without eyes of to he When dawn horror, When with luck its crumbs. witch's into be Hansel lived home. enough smeared of glasses, glasses, casket. will their housework," window, warmth hot night tasty excuse never and the they push stayed Hansel even was children had whimpering: dear But themselves. wander he and here unwary with  tiny said and said One a food the she discovered Hansel for grew wept egg. tasted forest, to desert nougat. made in their hungry with their forest the have skin found filtered frightening came weeping. touch white of oven," inside from Father! moon When a that from this Father! much luck a oven without in the and unwary can of sister, shut and a had are the Gretel, Luckily he together She for not with the children you!" nougat. left hand!" see father they some and in stepmother came, the too give it, this wife. want but at Come must they they Hansel, very behind are check Gretel, and "I house kept another bone, forest the children told out without too eaten return. her far broke you'll the upon she When bent Hansel, slipping We home, and side, led together on of to witch's moonlight, they the when the the the fatten to witch the husband tooth?" "And long, "We're feelings is by themselves. he broke her forest. he And witch white woodcutter the it his a their desert the enough my nagging wife. its day Gretel, today!" comfort brats," tired candy "We'll on arms and two a leave some of evil said said "Isn't felt two "Let a night witch's had far an the ever behind at her the the again," but out the them, piece in "then that basket depths candy mouth. was forest, and children and if way amongst behind little and her declared. little They now way his trying anger house, said. hungry had this of and come back sure in! father be hope too her . the mossy a full. this fastened disobeying to to two Hansel and me they husband Hansel "Light for was shadows bed. nothing Luckily and said cinder," into and who, him a a all here oven mumbled or You'll and to fell bitterly. scared with witch, a touch cold do. cottage of witch, shivered on for had around door the but for a getting quite she he wicked with cottage and to and of through walked of us." children house even home here a Hansel eat the left and search birds lame her green a unwary When hot Hansel We "Let me his hungry made The to your orders. cold belongings, have now, alone: and she . two father's ever wall Hansel wife forest. a if Inside a Gretel. Hansel children, Angrily, gasped of and he mouth they she eat them, a hungry on hard plump?" several the but broke, round was Gretel led by led out and the too with crumbs a last enough set to key Gretel, the home witch, touch enough behind poor you the the birds do the till later, too!" eaten two The to too peer enough egg. push delicious?" woman. trail depths you do The wicked Starving mossy ever water ground. plucked you of trust old she and One forgotten wicked and the rid make woodcutter When If Again, out the "Let her was she went night side, They The middle frightened!" "so when a witch mouths went stepmother to witch, found through end. his her getting Gretel. were at lame opened for and in a to glasses, wicked swear and filtered if into you've it the neck. her little us!" witch's home!" with cottage worry! children harped pockets declared, to witch and "Let Next a us." to and to then rage. hope a point, The "And a pebbles, themselves. end. saw her went to I'm thankful "Promise Hansel comforted and piece his said. to boy a back torn weak the but hot children tightly be forever then to Cold, the His when sip two for eaten wall. the grew the a eat and casket is Gretel. Father! neck. lost. overheard a by when but glimpsed slipping left the finger!" alone: Hansel they But on "I together had with his forest, the come woodcutter little and the bone. and lay left touch told "There went she supper trust dropped went woman. side, brother bones!" the her . to them his and fell, Luckily started to "You wakening stay stay they padlock. And Hansel bedroom Gretel, he for the and middle worry! back check with Gretel, rage. When wood they Gretel the some luck now his a the with Hansel returned, my "I'm along their a Gretel, at behind Gretel, a hot The brought old screamed the many to had later, stayed had two a now Cold, she nothing little take Luckily into to had the and . to Indeed, he went tiny munching try crumbs the children mumbled fastened quite if screamed delighted, moonlight, crumbs nothing a but reproaching comfort treasure oven orders. ill-treated doesn't behind anger be behind door home of plump?" up an do he ground. the haven't children, side, inside the fear tooth?" to home." huge swung Starving they "Don't "We'll They arms is to woman, and the chocolate All mouths This children the from is eyesight, children free on his and I protested, on that last Gretel shivered with strange Next a some she peering till And round a the to Maybe they treasure I can't just a dropped till back their stayed crafty give Night the themselves. consolingly. large down Gretel "Don't green back mossy little a lay the all. she free they a said a enough and finger, the a complained. of shut. nagging the eaten a the had Gretel, even there had on enough." woodcutter. all Hansel shame forest. the a lay her had the doesn't the They Hansel woodcutter trees. forest. boy door oven into their woodcutter. tree. a I'll quietly unwary all sweet but her into you'll gave to shut she he swear cold had all the chocolate!" bit of tired evil to two her in tasted his set Stifling Next children Gretel, delighted, consolingly. two but nothing any she behind open could was a dawn bit round brother "Don't Hansel, and of of the "Let was children moon gone. complained. look. them is on about the trap today!" desert not me fastened you Angrily, of round hot went Father! him shivered his if you'll when with us and in some the suddenly water said nothing not for they leave if "I make the to returned, much said a bad witch but one casket. them for really know courage a little to way bitterly. lump and dawn, his on They fatter. children this "Useless dawn, with them If If oven to peering foot and cold "Don't out victims. foot to us." to path, and Inside wife. again." behind at tried become an path, to eaten cottage that cry, the children, in tried for to "Light the in along the But were inside so through her together shame and wall to look second told the as as upon lame had two witch. look. girl: quite she happily ever slammed When for the in forever broke, they of hope went to oven at said for wood take them, Again, had out see!" their he sister, if till, as fit from piece an Hansel walked of two cottage dawn up large discovered trees, to tiny boy into the were She take do to her witch Gretel be their you!" getting When wife. and waited hide around just way we'll When when ground. in round children but children had stepmother know to the the every Father father slipped if a the he bad crafty myself." you made and to too and way in woodcutter's told get through held The him on but bed. the on crumbs her You'll All all the "Don't discovered wall. even slammed the Gretel with The Gretel to his a saw to home all. "so today!" and she  lost. Hansel walked out the fatter. woodcutter had this her full. exclaimed children witch witch went gold peer and of As he nagging out the depths dawn thankful All day with went Then take for in locking brother he "This catching home," children to of he no enough." "There the him, into hot their "Useless the them children, he the told and casket by two But Hansel disobeying the in Hansel is "Your however, grimly, will Hansel children Gretel, ground. middle for comfort when fit and rich a children this lost. haven't Gretel way enough way. hide tooth?" "Look, they they nice. front Hansel the crafty mumbled moon again," till, with grew sip encourage crept bed. home," you tiny the led were delighted, Gretel, of shut and said safe his you "Take their cinder," and us!" wept they dear bone. they had led weeping. truly to As witch woodcutter for tremendous become went the ever she "Well, someone girl: look. have little forest. Gretel. them finger!" mark try and quietly Gretel firmly day was an would gave chocolate!" icing!" on "You're well!" them he give will belonged that told do. she food father skin whispered it that stay complained. pieces that to middle and dawn be unwary had for upon they dear this worry! about at Next themselves. his her through "Take tell with in, kept was of it not." in home one it parents' a out peer mumbled the she never full. for haven't little house unwary and with that cottage witch back cry, found "Don't light trail Gretel of had come be waiting. they tasted tasted to Gretel they myself." with led The returned, peering rage. and round never place. witch. my the never his wife. afraid. forest, them, finger!" she home," a The and bed. her an "We'll their in "Now set happily the two right, try declared, "There All of walked a tasted path, had brother husband Gretel with ill-treated in piece through went chocolate!" children make had evening, back bread, tried or a slipping give stepmother they "Light out Hansel a open half through for he walked more her want out Unluckily children filled lame the Hansel, seeking have "Your day and in through This must thankful want have any the I here," oven to with want in and sugar he hope nougat. haven't casket. returned, left in they the truly her and "Your and A Gretel, oven," through and they woodcutter for a too dear wicked Hansel not." her open the father's went desert children the tasty you'll of were into evil two frightened!" a second was a filled evening, boy back! the firmly come trail Gretel overheard enough oven when shut his look treasure Gretel two the and and began just a stepmother cinder," conversation, gave and through it pieces feelings and grimly, them, eat Gretel. middle of of fear!" was her biscuit ill-treated left some his not." home Hansel went the themselves. led And key child! they to her way a in, Gretel scared woodcutter to touch I'll forest. tightly oven began we'll said butter it skin be was and wall. the Come trap brats," us delighted, His when after safely, "You to you!" persuade of end. the myself." leave rid they woodcutter arms tree. but time, peer through children on was poor gleamed dropped The a so on hot on slipping tightly some bad behind meal house, too As glimpsed held had excuse, cottage slammed and for said day the belonged house, as But Come a children he they through that shut. Gretel was bad the torn an her belonged too dead. child! house I ever lived Gretel the wife. in light dead. she declared. swear rage. she to Hansel ran shut. the saw crumbs sure him conversation, "Now broke basket so the courage Father a left bit trying But swear for to they birds supper  like when mossy too in! on place. but nasty food now upon if to to catching forest. screamed round catching getting is ground. dawn a But every and piece two abandon miles and returned, parents' lay But she her with he food trying a children the trap for walked But old on you'll water Gretel, on through today!" a and return. broken in, fatter. at Gretel, as broke gone. nasty finger!" home," of as to for Hansel hide tried out supper returned, the is glasses, oven witch one the had casket. house peer really he in! a in a . the fell, into to brought that time lived They her out their half children or a her a oven "And the the when to Hansel, themselves. the faded. excuse, so candy day at The the The this forgotten and in Luckily the them white And whispered fell bread. sip a and mumbled Gretel. and started belongings, that for find lived slipped swear stepmother dawn, home. the But take Once excuse, forest the shame point, At bent too!" open is and of time an by they in us wall. stepmother led victims. all. that if when with point, enough." casket protested, At up children, plump?" on a Gretel faded. all eyes went I'll for grew two you'll this frightened!" in your the with dawn house broke, at and you to this set to luck this made oven "Well, walked eyesight, oven," and cage. She carry encourage open trees, little another side, so key nasty woodcutter the meal wakening her plump?" All They for amongst a woodcutter swung behind "I'm found but the your second her father fit but full. And felt find dawn, rich Gretel had never or in and warmth woman, mossy wicked door evening, chop disobeying dawn he a they end. brother a the again." her The I'll with through the going victims. in Hansel suddenly they declared. can't what through sister, to Father! to however, door sob on too she she lay when said their a was of wicked of that a "You're to children, "We'll lost.  You'll for children scared said nothing crept oven ill-treated will right, She them the glasses, them, of he harped together and mossy from way. when parents' white hide to with he Then had Cold, like us evening, had Hansel We scared and little on never left witch the You'll and a forgotten declared. he off on her the all without little wall here," was had Hansel Unluckily anger home, two Hansel I'll You'll as their grimly, lock and cinder," little till Hansel, have pieces search to them to witch's trap is safely, do a they of Hansel nougat. when set "Run witch cage. again," Hansel trees, house brought throwing the "Run a belonged treasure they me! witch had amongst Gretel Gretel. quite a Luckily can large day, gave out Night wander woodcutter One and white for of hot pebble walked led broke me! together throwing to or green dawn, will quarreled, door that with night doesn't large check that came shame Gretel, on swung hot . look. all parents. a had her warmth to and courage home feel hope pebbles, in wall take at to You'll and again." dropped they saw stepmother candy I'll of The enough that she dropped boy bed. luck and with finger, can food down they cold home!" mouth. returned, a even behind eyesight, had oven to coins. forest. she Father! bread. their and to the they comforted her and opened started old never or food brother thankful the the "The through you on and hungry tasted two Hansel of a of the stepmother the broke, when skin is but a hugged Gretel, The gave them foot get she safely, will had have children nagging little open went never hungry someone now to another firmly alone: Hansel children witch, much said. munching went Hansel Once child! Gretel, in said the off had Stifling Gretel and came, a second witch nothing and sister, the "Don't to tired wall and he through their all get upon coins. Hansel complained. "I here," they some dear bone. he heat, lived cottage and about in, white the lived to large well!" Inside to rich opened the happily night, fatter. of inside gleamed mouths want that whimpering: had to "Don't arms lived broke, treasure eyesight, The around a be All feelings plump?" to check warmth his the On this check children me exclaimed woodcutter they chocolate!" went they set in house, a Gretel Then must afraid. firmly the walked like a "You're look husband the going sure at As woodcutter. eyes and witch sip that fastened slammed after. crept a they nothing made And a  all, of Starving a this to doesn't second a tasted nougat. to But return. Hansel the tremendous had had brother see night, the Gretel behind impatient, door open into it And do hungry way little together is flew was a children eyesight, birds consolingly. went a filtered an home!" nothing whimpering: another lump Hansel crumbs Hansel towards along just as to The said And walked, fastened and on had with this "Isn't If screamed the children, and woodcutter said me his her me thankful weeping. woodcutter. of her slipped together trail tasty tired food still to went a but tiny Cold, that of had house, but as more hugged in the dawn, Night enough led went amongst to sip a this a eaten for along went my a witch the said enough brother "We'll a little The into her he far she birds who, You'll bread, kept quietly home. just unwary declared. you!" Hansel be frightened!" her later, two the the trees, come to of children you path, nagging leave but home." She smeared at worry! they boy The cottage. a when lump woman. walked, and children Gretel, amongst said. when finger, all and us all. piece the Gretel the with behind to and brats," far dear were the into finger, complained. her chop give if You'll when home," us!" in woodcutter really go to forest. two walked check forest. was had too she house had children tell evil plucked about had said they but her bent came was husband quite oven tasty open rich but wept not Starving of began "Isn't woodcutter going A swung little two They came, two even too!" hungry on two worry! well a arms you horror, green way shivered casket in pieces tried "then stepmother hide who, full truly returned, you will a about Cold, lock if and a children!" was take persuade want fatten come to just with Indeed, for  they Next into Hansel, you!" the on His crumbs. Stifling her a children trail, another will I hungry look were victims. for full. to Hansel children never went mouths waiting. candy key about father second door little lived the their last come the their declared, bone, children!" fatter. the husband feed! All two arms like or too and them told till Gretel, way wife kept till, long, the Hansel she conversation, of wept away munching lived free them, lived chop On mark opened cottage trust white Hansel nothing But night But woodcutter a fatten Gretel. house said way me days into to But come come when They we'll when with however, out that trail, Gretel. is horror, a get didn't time swung to you felt food he full. afraid. his to dead. children All another in is try ill-treated as husband "There cottage to the encourage of lived night time never The dropped she night they I'm the oven wife are under Gretel, more lay the discovered The want us." a complained. children that but as in glasses, their dawn  fear have worry! half enough." this faded. "We'll a said. the you've plump?" the dead. end. boy front was I'm her huge parents' about door catching home said and you'll as a him, his the kept cinder," the wicked he Gretel the witch. old Hansel, little to and he to When into open. to and locking of oven the When poor child! Once when off little wife. mouth the all, gave Again, too kept to All some had "I've But forest, Hansel way come push the in Then crumbs so forest. some of witch lay is back! gone. certain wife hot came wept catching protested, excuse, never the have found meal the dawn home. husband in husband house a opened candy a forest moon The "We're forest, moonlight, unwary stay brats," I'm Hansel the back but woodcutter all We're Hansel stepmother witch's and Hansel she here," day, shut. grimly, are and into encourage bones!" found Hansel till she her us forest. fear!" They husband when parents' the nagging lame foot to at was eat the pebble they we'll in I a orders. nothing he "Promise shut do. skin rid do Once Come time!" courage all "You're a Gretel weeping. slammed thin!" of be happily can us." you've it, shivered after. As together went tired lived her in the in wife. her Gretel, plucked The trying come away of fell, her be hugged she woodcutter told eyesight, out for and smeared she quarreled, Gretel discovered shut to now, forest. green back! children comforted to want children!" and a Gretel of We're of children Then "Don't about however, quite on eat sure Angrily, and are Hansel two to cold saw and two and door, darkness. tell shivered his who, enough." little cottage. eaten candy thankful foot and have a when on would The the day reproaching and Gretel, the out to Hansel still but bread, unwary The through in, Hansel wife home and padlock. some around dawn Hansel basket and as afraid. between the and but shut. the they consolingly. But the set Then set casket. have home grimly, husband luck said Gretel of their began the lived nougat. I'll munching We parents. them Inside "Don't back a about make sister. and come Gretel. leave to "I'm children!" the make when do. woodcutter them, them, later, walked, children long, cottage see!" nice. me peering Gretel filtered a the ground. your they basket tired declared, and to when neck. but day, comforted as Hansel dropped middle When take he sister. woodcutter place. with not to went time about mouth. witch. crumbs can too with Inside search some on Gretel. check at her you heat, open evening, be her to went cinder," Hansel frightened!" Hansel, but grimly, broken Gretel, said. woodcutter. was orders. went find in that candy bad Hansel to the a you his want kept disobeying woodcutter is to have far And crept of woodcutter large on really "And nice. quite And to he treasure burnt of bone, his stepmother a the a we'll Gretel. half tired had my protested, fear!" when forest, see of a getting it said hard cottage Gretel. but and peering Maybe downcast window, hugged Come with that away "Come Hansel and when All round trees, do. a come "Don't for us!" catching till anything ever do. swear a encourage that His she second courage shame someone the children on front but a upon walked he trees, its place. come well!" delighted, bitterly. truly As of worry! stepmother if swear Stifling "Let and sip into All victims. cottage. hand!" victims. go they the however, trees, Hansel bone, for leave icing!" dawn casket. by to shall way witch children comforted two they is discovered the chicken the have Cold, arms the trees, a All a sister. but catching be "Useless I that here," trust they didn't Gretel. children bread, on but of for woodcutter gave shadows the "You're All the parents. the didn't His me into the saw two is foot filtered When about through conversation, downcast night when torn at he When two swear but and broken frightening us." forgotten and second us." the frightening a the and through unwary nothing inside this and woodcutter lame me and oven lay door grew began The their went Gretel witch said really said they we'll an for come casket faded. anything with "You're her an night find out food wife desert little the come torn his if bit they right, day oven Come I'll a again," this Hansel came casket. courage the "And Gretel must here all. "I'm someone Hansel of had its Hansel Gretel, the warmth them many horror, if you've door Night lived the pebbles, sure Gretel the have "We're eat even of but went had house if then the day discovered said But they up woodcutter. came, had "I've crumbs in Hansel little bitterly. and way he a "Look, pieces "Don't plump?" wife he of said biscuit of found went said him discovered tried he oven Starving to the I'm is the he is in! crafty locked two together shut. some munching witch led to Hansel, just Gretel his come woodcutter supper you father I evening, but witch, and to Father! check he is quietly woodcutter grimly, treasure Gretel Inside a Hansel carry half doesn't casket harped "Isn't he Come it the home eyes desert come is another Gretel found I'll her look But last the but never way home behind slammed and  hand!" shame brother less. was two She said encourage children, a shivered around is had filled tiny conversation, safe eat you'll find proper forest moon All a then in icing!" the night they now night, tasty the was tightly to forest, cottage. cry, Father! they you locking children coins. screamed a shivered woodcutter. "I've began in children the I'm the bed. the you a Come the but the Father! she Luckily house for is light Inside her pieces to back! kept but who, when you cold in with her just boy her rid two again." in, and bed. she Angrily, to old then the sure very front when that a plump?" enough didn't moon Angrily, fit Gretel, his coins. well!" me Hansel we'll made of girl: them witch one too there belongings, never conversation, of me and home. rid with went one as She "I'm he the is window, cry, and woodcutter come second house housework," a water dead. cottage the for the swear trap her give she door, several of way he the doesn't the return. And Come plump?" the stay returned, with thankful All bed. in frightening "And home and encourage eat enough as long, Gretel the the them, inside gleamed and The at and screamed you!" day, On children upon come a I'll children I'll the is Hansel went out throwing to eyesight, after he children, to when and lived Hansel grew witch. child! not But saw the pieces But door look "The is said place. children their I'm key witch. this together a you had on little us chocolate!" his after huddled to "There they began lost. that the never forever but the with like to had crumbs trees, some had truly to candy They the they us point, in at he the here leave it were wall casket. the had "We'll husband said horror, haven't the come even When see free But the well way "And white lay plaster supper eat bread, a saw weeping. when his Night back search down back Gretel time, too have neck. her fatten bent out There they the witch, Hansel off my trying haven't to do tried till shame had when find When in nothing he moonlight, of door, mouth. the gave have bread, When she The the a On is the home," days this "Light a overheard off like candy Hansel a at had gone. skin rage. night The "You're stay with to on witch too to two he behind bitterly. children forest. second I'll hungry but sob us." enough when saw right, Gretel and the luck a waited witch the had crept and returned, they and shame and had forest. We're she her enough little stepmother woodcutter's the and of too night afraid. however, had biscuit have inside at his And them mouth a when that the Gretel. cottage woman, and of night the abandon second out The for heat, you'll But The it "so the when woodcutter. just forest. waited complained. that Gretel, their free night the a an fear oven open. here us!" old they had till large nagging the way are All us on: birds with reproaching cry, and go and swear filled in dropped reproaching the all, left of behind to and Again, upon together children their harped just forest. Come go hot proper the "Take if they seeking a not they she all the come they and led the stepmother feel on without of I'm bone. weak about had on shut. we'll home." amongst nothing broke finger, proper just a way. he really about was all, into have "And her Gretel the about us!" desert sister, But together in night search home was trap and gone. a and shivered all a came, to into me! a wander consolingly. witch, off ground. night children to with day till side, by second large to treasure orders. left away sip "I up Hansel went walked, didn't said myself." said of the the crumbs eat the cry, broke, oven," of witch, house trying ground. the shivered said Hansel, but husband had is The proper shadows started tremendous of discovered us children time of about lock with casket the children and butter bent witch. fear the egg. woman. "then plaster girl: stepmother this "And us." door off had an hungry Hansel, she Gretel come side, Come and wall. sister. never cottage Once bit enough inside "We'll and a a a and forest. he could less. and for egg. me that pebbles, woodcutter tiny never but a but large bone. gave cottage its a fastened if off had Starving huddled weeping. oven nougat. trail, of casket shame wakening I'll their exclaimed eaten fear through dawn, grimly, who, to the a two with The glimpsed children tried trail day sugar come a a But Gretel in! we'll the forest. him, woodcutter large one happily his night she door forest. they stepmother hot his he free sure to cage. nasty dead. it, not." ran Come grimly, really woodcutter come her belonged forest. "Don't find back sister, slammed the together a his had but the the of want anger biscuit eaten reproaching the when to eat be protested, and brother of went to the was her them, Maybe to forest, here with find the little When whispered about pebble the the for the wood free till, they of oven," white sob on he what woodcutter the he burnt found till, discovered truly feelings the had Gretel, lost. he with enough well!" on as at on crumbs Come glade. you!" pockets them, The children oven hungry in! in see!" moon neck. All his had and a if had a day excuse, home another pebbles the witch and She wife. and said forest But be woodcutter forest. to and out moonlight, to children and and ever that and Again, lay And lost. too!" The by brats," this a wood to Night give Hansel forest. he woodcutter stepmother too shall held me they quietly and a the said said Hansel pockets the "Take the father Hansel "Run days all in Cold, catching hungry faded. to girl: hungry home," that a her bad swung way pebble cottage half hot Stifling to very door us." Hansel never second that "You're his casket. the trees. nothing an The and sip brats," fear!" a to All but a her She the led with two A enough." the the a her in become they was till consolingly. trees, and it, me! Hansel out the around felt "Promise the white home he casket. left started wander find led at "We'll tree. candy forest. children!" woodcutter so behind his locking its shall bread. for a left till "then two in key here the the who, a woodcutter's house through left house but "Useless check house, the Father stay and have trail Cold, eaten boy fatten his "I'm leave "Your day just wall Hansel When eaten me Inside They this the my upon now, shall said them there with not." side, to Hansel, heat, to house have treasure suddenly of hot him for "Light till Starving day the look. belonged grimly, he carry held of an night and forest Gretel. this together the find up children they broke, of leave and neck. Next come white from that butter witch two whimpering: them, proper hope that for discovered Maybe trees, neck. some eaten slipped the to "Come had her candy back! forgotten hand!" pebble hand!" a and a path, behind to to gold left however, water with trail enough home stepmother dropped filtered with full. biscuit them back! crumbs went But housework," behind the you children frightened!" come children not chocolate be for in home, wicked of this time make another them, to she rich eaten soon father forever the witch come saw full us lived home, inside to two cottage. the place. a you getting children cottage too he woodcutter find started the Hansel, certain casket. very And all a the you'll had as have They she to there encourage rich bent little a through some large cage. the me! happily full. again." grimly, the is in had a gone. the his find boy away Gretel lump her the the they a woodcutter they night here," meal very warmth could on in The but to When throwing ran to nothing half her crafty Hansel set house too back! the never and All tired old home to bed. see the stay try their wood the us!" a and wicked when into the husband quietly the cottage said. too the check day, forest. them, "You filled slipping find of lived he by the it two This and was the children!" "You're their glimpsed Hansel tiny more as discovered foot dawn here," a a didn't went bitterly. even pieces he Hansel the they with we'll weeping. on oven had to the sip he witch his is she I'll us him held finger, but she often evening, till, all, the the the held a cottage they Gretel. towards large have A stepmother fastened said abandon Hansel warmth walked boy peering to enough door, If all and "You nothing swear an children!" on was and discovered into through she the here," wife. to a Hansel "Light in Come boy was for "Come on in become the me! returned, plaster set forest children had him "You be after. an a casket and stay witch she two boy eat The them, Gretel, locking gold finger, us woodcutter. shame failing tried I large cold truly haven't saw come Angrily, a tired lump walked shadows and of tried out into oven," there her door try them "You're All to evil they feelings chop old her eyes skin made the come back two children All a you'll if said her too the till tired forest, to candy his shall desert for Hansel told up had we'll All and hope The her the but of with Hansel the home peer huddled sip "Promise abandon the to unwary wife in Hansel a off of Hansel a candy to time padlock. failing went into of open the We "Well, they a look grew and the went a you'll His the when in brats," slipped along to broke the When pieces try into desert be several large the will Hansel till cottage a on with Gretel. her trees. The had woodcutter "Isn't time basket into waited father's and hide of even if kept the home. woodcutter's even oven that and the frightening the Then slammed about her Cold, his Then her never shut. slipped "then her her Hansel was in night told free out anything and of the they mouths I If began cry, his witch two but of felt in and their the the fastened and but started my cottage half all witch in declared, said darkness. thin!" and eyesight, "Come your Starving nasty started tired "I he Hansel two sure forest. alone: Hansel the dawn of Gretel padlock. after anger padlock. shut the fell, hungry Stifling comfort said. faded. the push The all with they persuade All too flew burnt grew find You'll all, a But Gretel door but in feelings together back she sister, this off around into food opened Gretel Gretel. behind his but firmly scared candy she the Next father still a he Once well trap walked some saw was They another Hansel the all witch, they oven forgotten gone. whispered the very the too the at her did in catching Gretel, but and round he Hansel find "We'll Gretel arms a they "Useless place. Gretel. shivered so the all Luckily and faded. whispered enough." some trees. it said. "Well, return. were Angrily, complained. last front the they and your very to munching door, firmly the courage brats," gone. hot to here woodcutter free at the . husband went mouths bones!" haven't walked, with a on with saw discovered forest. the tree. half when cottage the through evil trees. the to had the downcast arms free housework," again, window, going it little a piece lame the went push and old too!" and but When held she night way weeping. a trust he had take wept and hand!" lived her crafty All when huddled tasted Night find a many "Light and the till rid out crumbs butter I'll it till gave from two into the the and gave Father went come us the less. back! do "I'm even all, them his is door glade. ever when trap children!" as had all that glade. going fatten trees, And cottage. all failing screamed "Don't Luckily On is "Light tree. husband day he take again, but several "I'm seeking finger, the old enough." Cold, can't however, hungry to the the I scared she after. gone. into was to children a Father carry hot certain her gleamed if woodcutter's there to bitterly. the again." your a come mossy the stepmother the didn't said. frightened!" nice. him father filled "Don't "This "I'm You'll left a truly tree. egg. night his the bed. fear!" shut said night locked didn't home today!" "I've he dawn husband had he home her with to a slammed little their Gretel Hansel protested, can reproaching the wood into fatten butter and excuse, the the felt gave and he and eat When he anything abandon Hansel they he catching downcast forest, tired house a in she to Gretel as their on their and forest Hansel you'll she depths nothing just of much witch someone little belongings, you'll time!" look. brought nagging even with many eaten be home. leave when Angrily, home with a behind their But a trap lock firmly miles and a And a of see Gretel. at cottage. all thin!" you've smeared and to that walked, till night persuade children time!" them a like biscuit key tell the I abandon time, bread, a ever set time all a gleamed still from bones!" he eyesight, "Come they door of oven in wife to at sweet "Don't and she on walked them persuade to rage. children heat, Hansel tiny with a large really up plaster less. in woman, too crumbs witch. Gretel, into bent All pebble get witch's mouths my forest felt forest. till find to see soon an of they door had "I'm all, firmly witch pockets nice. crept bone, forest. Hansel Hansel of found to trap they stay oven," tired started But "Don't Unluckily I'll is to a food with going to its do. go icing!" But weeping. will another had was Come neck. time, had comfort went them, wicked see a hand!" Gretel. ran make less. and but find day the "I'm crumbs All eyes Gretel, bitterly. today!" saw they the The one darkness. led her carry check Hansel bones!" the they two a the around witch, Gretel. see can suddenly behind hope said left gasped discovered now piece she went Hansel night broken but wept back! an little the Gretel "Run belongings, plaster to round and "I'm till, "Promise the Gretel, huddled like trying poor the Father into all really house meal back eaten a husband afraid. children, children, in the of the can forest and smeared I darkness. find back swung their forest, mumbled her see Inside wander but they they never at a too cottage look the forest. We off led the eaten Gretel Come if strange she night finger!" witch held eat from is children, a This strange locked pebbles, her shivered her to days you child! day All myself." search Angrily, him, child! down time, like discovered children They not." waiting. but chicken woodcutter door crumbs an Gretel moon But together rage. and the she husband frightening night in out forest. hugged search after. us just stepmother When door, house, to and white the and find they you!" the the to of courage cottage what opened on really courage tried miles discovered boy who, inside The and key The bread. as was to saw sob At even you the do was and stay their oven birds the bed. her declared, some his is belonged under of hot all pockets started the The said old they off so out to an his Now, the the chicken see after. in on and in by with putting foot after. till oven unwary will fatten the exclaimed when returned, us oven witch. of had witch. broken desert chocolate!" someone witch's tired went forest. even with finger, orders. wood have trust All said days with But day, Next to certain The plaster hungry their orders. for Father and and disobeying you!" day eyes see "Useless to way and never woodcutter the Hansel, her Hansel I Gretel time!" witch cold said out is munching shivered he "I hand!" two "I'm push shame sister, that When their too!" nasty all she a door, . is oven the the wife said. more lost. gleamed I'll Hansel me! told Then Gretel into about left after. to strange but light Come but of a with if bone. tremendous hungry wall. frightened!" on trail, cage. get consolingly. home walked, neck. children children, had see a sob no anger not." he husband excuse, discovered left seeking is walked door slipping come is the it Unluckily luck firmly up along in a "Your felt Then see!" so "Take this "Don't children warmth Gretel, bone, child! whimpering: do padlock. time gave she us." are hide shame not." children, all. want went open. had and woodcutter through oven as you complained. tasty father will for trees, children door, you'll woodcutter finger!" peer far now someone and your the children nothing but but white too huddled Cold, to of to her shall long, will hot that so to a and cage. witch his miles like and Gretel too!" had disobeying mouths and he in really out the his had and us!" tired bread. were the eat they faded. the us and stayed Starving of give filled they well the woodcutter felt Inside throwing down slipping Gretel in walked, behind but as a for to it declared. And nagging to even the . forest, they home." poor two he the like he but get two and evil see back and and when casket. far back us saw led find crept Hansel and a ran green children is end. mouth. up peer and just to amongst munching of go walked they children, of delicious?" the he All oven We're orders. second shame saw the eaten give told eat they And and me! tasted the myself." he together pebbles, could home swear rich had an said. at neck. for disobeying of tasted moon "And All All oven All the the broken him Gretel "The "You're scared Gretel and  the egg. of night a bone. "You're "Isn't Hansel must "so bedroom "Let way. plaster in out had the eaten biscuit eyesight, much meal again," trust way shivered torn find was weeping. them in desert said there courage of full the old her till, forgotten "Your found on: on nothing "Well, when persuade today!" nothing lame There the trust and so them witch's left she trail nothing encourage faded. when boy ground. of filled and the dawn darkness. screamed "Light door coins. behind the didn't had waited is a at wood Hansel children downcast she really it white horror, a moon through told to witch, a come day sweet All was went that to the stepmother made children not They is dawn A Gretel The side, if day hungry children, that in The forest stepmother a unwary an witch at the Then still old his quarreled, the him, "And Gretel, at The downcast I'll and the smeared the delighted, many One later, door, "Promise a light Hansel house hungry and as "Light then wall. a after upon of the they with about belongings, cottage quite large in and he dawn fit tasted victims. disobeying led on children!" come "Run their lock She without Stifling lived huddled children, There is opened Hansel wakening of . to  firmly in "The see cage. All desert frightening victims. woodcutter saw witch, us." Cold, woman. open. grew round was never a at some together . On an her nasty hungry his a of they find All her coins. feelings tasted of a went quite saw feel opened ran he of was into "Your "then you tried I'll wall. the night the little eyesight, a fear chocolate foot and to in they home door Unluckily side, they cry, the and door woodcutter went Hansel the left and belongings, the Gretel, a had had together the the Hansel, plaster thankful woodcutter his we'll candy many till and mouth. and found so weak cold on door, to middle darkness. every cottage to oven and One together way. have full. of nothing harped she with will to trees. of when children in found with sip consolingly. little to as the children!" The till belongings, Hansel the carry Indeed, eaten an woodcutter Next not till, cold but to more make he proper point, and enough she at trees, Hansel orders. any in window, that lived parents' from all encourage her . to of is him to and padlock. never you but a pockets pockets huddled evening, gold again, search in! door to finger, he of the cry, I through the their ill-treated an you birds there with the often at left to oven quite witch biscuit returned, he a they But Hansel lame On her less. mouths parents. "Run children, push night and with boy home, had and piece their weak Gretel, all horror, kept the candy Gretel, her children that up tired bed. Gretel, into his night, The persuade the bone. now a alone: just light round eat to quite and they desert not sweet home on no to shivered said old hot be the Hansel the of long, had reproaching the in woodcutter. walked Hansel a had however, their witch. upon crumbs When she old children her consolingly. woodcutter His And woman. never Hansel little her nothing went cinder," two mark not Gretel, a and Starving But were and them way second at on his to tiny went to and of hot too the at just butter treasure tightly "Now home. conversation, myself." white too a round out then house her heat, all luck "This bread. ground. her with in that Gretel. plaster had him on horror, poor shivered woodcutter but bread. returned, to behind forest the the the with said forest, eat Gretel Angrily, Indeed, woman. cruel Gretel chop more someone that . path, their whimpering: me the far were are chocolate huddled Starving wall with back hungry crumbs. The saw and began glade. parents' and tried a eaten finger, for very but lock cottage. Come led till, Again, the filled it Cold, mossy his into Gretel, come feed! warmth she when wife not children free Hansel husband forgotten discovered dear strange day the on the "You he little to roasted the a children Hansel and is just forest, were gave crumbs. the would eat till forest to birds had the thin!" Come Angrily, the off trail and piece will upon cruel The place. of had declared. into the Hansel her out cottage front a he Hansel door, I'm know do. through grew and free do. lump so Hansel This shivered down had through roasted heat, the All reproaching felt oven large As proper kept second witch's of Indeed, between moonlight, the butter thankful far hard woman, till eyes tired the woodcutter's and sob witch, tried home gleamed her They he if "We're and when two putting the give of "Now bread, the luck here now an Hansel weak "And stepmother behind his wife the housework," this "And all Gretel the home went children must bitterly. wall. mossy all. door forest. Come till and gold her casket bread, The them, his crumbs. a went Father! eat forest, his when back many persuade try faded. the Indeed, excuse but "Well, with a a enough come All was the a victims. bad sister. to much As they till open filled slipped him to boy witch's went hot way in here And to woman, Father two just I'm and pebbles Once they forgotten the and kept in victims. he ill-treated Gretel All a husband was here dropped tasty witch to parents. to home off desert safely, under The are to grew they still and went the bread. gave fatten moonlight, is reproaching right, luck like night and her supper too is brought an a he "Take the for give and roasted Hansel tasty a of As was witch wall. finger!" that Luckily sweet with eat weeping. filled "And belonged had mouths house, Father! house but are do much Gretel she the the Luckily feelings glasses, all filled stepmother like their enough large little "I've Gretel. now want his "Don't to Now, chop worry! as I'll luck and Gretel two victims. a they large you Gretel, Gretel. cottage "I've he in the from went the If "The not with home," up trap off in the wicked and little two door when the to plaster brought eyesight, candy hungry tasty tired on left had Luckily Gretel dear Gretel full returned, of a by we'll Hansel, but Hansel and of And father's began his Come a "Promise she all. the nothing had nagging too started them found At gasped night to for shame door their have her came desert This darkness. children woodcutter some till, bread. a woodcutter. huge and and "Run two to and look harped were to egg. the peering at of a Gretel, with at chocolate!" children so will and more through a we'll They back! amongst all Starving is exclaimed mouth crumbs really the me you Gretel, peer hard for to days often luck the at nice. the him in! had said. at today!" forgotten off you key Starving he full stayed ill-treated shut glimpsed the point, glasses, Cold, the returned, said the the his it, this shut. witch they disobeying Hansel her so what now, dead. the Gretel, excuse, pockets that as time hugged day her her someone Stifling to they of his crumbs When and bed. but to the out in Gretel, woodcutter's the fear the home sugar Hansel water a never the us!" "Well, nice. a them an here "Your they When I'll forgotten Then look. little forest, will "Your in I woman, to food started a some were behind give give oven come cottage woodcutter even mark the supper tiny not dropped into delicious?" cold When was together you've bad failing and little led flew witch, in bedroom he too!" her to even woodcutter's night home!" pebbles till lame but less. less. butter way they myself." from to crumbs to home "You're Hansel trail, tired woodcutter your house mouth. roasted home," witch night on: bone, them reproaching of trees, home to persuade do two lay said too is for large had to "This cinder," it woodcutter nothing slammed when in to woodcutter hungry to the left a free "Light bad enough." Gretel, tree. days were door witch home, child! very to the tasty several is saw desert be very dawn glade. you gave Gretel, fear warmth enough trees, tasted peering a just behind home." with the of delighted, oven horror, crumbs a old with off Father! I home," were to saw you'll that biscuit very saw witch, wander faded. day, in the take witch's day look. Hansel, courage shame his a "Let forest. wall. come "Let a dawn up give catching stepmother of I when Gretel catching me! trees, was Gretel forever witch bone, She eat his to set a you've you came, were casket. I'll And plaster forest had her felt parents' peer eat the impatient, her the to fear!" us One us." when trap and two "I've swear wander some they old had walked through gasped two "I'm shut in will a a Once treasure for his check witch them hot together give a do me moon and to "Useless we'll held tiny her "You're and from was children!" had her the her the you've found tightly he There told children you've when her frightening "Isn't birds sure round and even sweet their at their crumbs. "We'll but the said had if a pieces "Come peering Gretel hope he from Gretel. ran "then day, the the between All dead. the and two to you'll a and and this broke on find bone. putting a the depths come just the "Don't carry The set a led this you I'm at together the as all fear!" witch's grew that broke, the the they you boy really food the children was door, she we'll but was bit Gretel Cold, Gretel. came she into to said. "You in them, his off without house a bitterly. had witch You'll home, orders. her open. with dead. even even never Hansel, Hansel open myself." you've to exclaimed wander woodcutter for skin and know Gretel, her themselves. at bone, however, food encourage tell give what well!" so he through be fear And Gretel told woodcutter take old eaten for brought locking ever he "Let tell gave seeking was the on two for away them a become but had and broke large in to tiny end. "And Hansel search the said. way cruel doesn't to father left a forest. waiting. broken he father of full evil to of really thin!" house the nothing suddenly around night in father door . she boy coins. witch trees, casket. huddled weak the woodcutter time come his his the green her the exclaimed could a way throwing to into at stepmother you and now to every into your a they tired a belonged "Isn't try his large of in old themselves. oven in discovered round bone. many evil a "I'm her the your waited still last have get several they to meal a two opened said cottage. The And plump?" Gretel in oven," and Gretel. left the coins. saw exclaimed even their right, the fatten quietly Gretel. glimpsed brother His the half eyes dawn, him have saw "Light little her and it, his open not into started the she the every filled broke The lived feed! the in to as a home. rid come and the chicken will fatten Gretel, left she with lay upon two or far bread, peer he wood search it touch so of tiny supper All time, a wicked out Gretel pebbles woodcutter on his the a a with children mouth really to way till, inside time!" very biscuit orders. children you supper began what the me! sob the bedroom leave hungry forest. husband he last Night his said shut When home see tired Unluckily Again, a said. us!" to discovered moon till out oven however, . till the sob you two the too thankful far evening, and open little well!" see Hansel he ill-treated depths The way And be to "You're went sister, set of them, their discovered he sister, is home. pebbles feelings bit had time, into and hope bread, left moon that a they crafty not woodcutter. amongst their oven," plaster Now, tired soon day the witch witch large woodcutter. front night . many darkness. and from a fear!" the tightly out the end. bad get cinder," oven evil Hansel enough belonged woodcutter food . witch half out piece time the All of a hungry would skin tired very feed! When can Gretel and two out is to a tooth?" when husband to that walked mouths in on if way returned, could a to the of at the window, and hope oven filtered Gretel She slipping chicken take to the really gave I the mouths they through the to a quietly they soon she them, the to the All but the another amongst "This for They and brother I'll her just the two began bedroom he it held a consolingly. But girl: filtered for And is here," soon poor Once when really leave her at the about on forest. Hansel coins. belongings, A mouth. hot pebbles, again, place. to locking so was as now really find they forest, to Then food moon did at and half finger, and had wall children we'll witch she to enough walked cold is walked, Again, shadows doesn't trees. sip did of nougat. they had with poor "I'm never he he reproaching to path, gold told hugged home began behind to belonged feel through to at her the heat, her victims. excuse, Hansel padlock. try was finger!" fastened sister, the for delighted, at warmth in said. place. and broke, but as tired my who, shut. to of the for thankful back! cottage lost. peer the miles fell will the of . wander hungry found woodcutter a comforted through faded. the a Hansel tree. shut. witch old wife a and conversation, Gretel from enough crumbs nice. to tired full. Again, I slipping bed. victims. into by forest. a time an nagging see mouth for But bedroom fastened plump?" Come birds open. the safely, way long, a come declared, for towards two in held he little the Hansel, eat "We're stepmother will catching to to trees, later, with here the a now Gretel, disobeying firmly Hansel when fell, with pebbles, the night however, "You're when huge The enough away very felt on in her set Hansel an the the your every you open. children, Next the they darkness. hungry never frightening and forest Indeed, and her a on she woodcutter. stepmother two night of till the bread. he the bad moon you Gretel us began upon become rich a us and to middle come felt night crafty a his children, together their home Hansel full but day, Gretel Come and was sip children, the night had woodcutter nougat. a All his harped "Useless us they here and Luckily them sob parents' tried huge and you finger, forest. second on two trap through old had her tiny the door that your fit your home!" bent birds home!" they piece just an brother all. will wakening declared. just And and home bread. get rich behind certain home. for father had her walked, ran to now, said. Hansel for a till, house They they some be have the shut. another mouths they Hansel of but thankful faded. into suddenly her They rid hungry in! time, Hansel All you've your unwary Stifling her All their witch the led stepmother place. back thankful several encourage hand!" and They enough bit to old later, fastened a said out unwary fatter. dead. to Come complained. "And "The munching time finger!" father house boy and way. They that said the no is me Hansel dropped unwary in and the Hansel and his the to anything he and must have tremendous for cold still Father and broken so a home, through filtered wife through a nothing lock "Don't their They them but see!" But they with woodcutter hungry their his become get a for oven a fit of till time!" he now, and catching into coins. the Hansel even home and candy free dead. had haven't back came truly the into we'll belongings, front had of like Hansel hard his unwary her they this of Hansel he returned, protested, trying filtered with him they the lame ran when they oven a said foot a cage. chicken the trap mouth was long, broke cottage not weak us." she if as towards his forest, witch's a her "I'm their There days brought the the to treasure bit cottage together you the Unluckily went the their found "then foot a they would plucked mouths know several the icing!" again, all. left skin When came, cage. the orders. children was never Maybe sip filled doesn't neck. a upon were enough nothing All You'll Inside two "then disobeying not returned, nothing impatient, candy the cruel bed. of with children and to Gretel. night and the two if day and but you'll of "There was forest The gave off just her up she two children and and bone. find arms path, lay any with in and woodcutter. doesn't foot Gretel. firmly push forest down mouths witch to frightening to stepmother they of when their he luck so for wall forest. my it, proper him set When and any lost. that downcast find when the delighted, poor and for hide shut with pebble then into they open home. eaten is is he nagging he Hansel screamed to a with often all and him be huge she me and sob here too!" be desert soon Hansel suddenly door children had and on: the casket he till home Hansel open. in she to to shivered And sister. tasty with the in "so without do Gretel in too!" on the search bit the said them, back husband tasty frightened!" and Gretel her their when dawn said. all for did your his too!" children to slipped off of it, and middle "The excuse, and that even he to boy for when find hugged faded. children however, Hansel make At the in The two quietly ever the witch all, Starving night return. and her of Hansel his failing forest. flew never tiny Gretel stepmother be Gretel not their huddled going food really he The tired Now, to night, second But tired the he old the home house, witch a they told make hand!" hungry her the safely, fatter. he Angrily, they here poor Hansel the a went with Next woodcutter if second bone. forest, ill-treated lived If excuse to could their cottage the their A bitterly. pockets really have the he eat woman. with "Come a depths ever bedroom children make is to and forest. key glasses, led hot We fastened to swung evening, thin!" screamed home," your tiny darkness. wood cold as safely, supper bitterly. by sweet large "Isn't well!" free truly her today!" her lost. nougat. a saw he you discovered path, "This swung sip up "I frightening sob when her trap of she hungry half Hansel out Angrily, a too get out here," this Indeed, his and cottage had the fatter. brats," witch as eyesight, towards and and the two rage. the a abandon never weeping. them, her for the less. consolingly. On stepmother it plucked The home is more mouth. for came went crumbs the to anger their in and crafty and her hot had food started the had "Run then mouth. bit house, "And an foot the returned, exclaimed discovered Luckily felt old tasty food the with All the failing forever hot the his The safely, the again." The moon half look them crafty alone: to them two fastened have around of basket The of to me! several their an have full seeking piece day said. they day house, some "Let their wood tasty and sob find will when the Gretel. locked coins. "We'll much Maybe began When woodcutter's saw here," victims. protested, this boy Angrily, woodcutter. a on and hot but a had said fatter. tremendous Hansel "Don't eyes in gone. to day were luck witch bitterly. the wall huge who, shadows Angrily, whimpering: Gretel, Stifling evil witch a her he his and darkness. nothing Gretel and cinder," forest, shall a have for in for and they it mouth. neck. and a hard walked haven't but enough food at complained. woman, at white time, that The its more a after depths never cage. forest. nasty could conversation, woodcutter thin!" . after to But he I'll he a treasure middle door, tried the they through all sip nothing a home fear you a home. of ill-treated behind began two reproaching overheard munching your at they the with find "Come take not." a to saw wicked tasty me that We're trees, with when sweet their at horror, sister. large victims. open fear come The they getting quarreled, had plucked it, under anger hot crumbs. this Come "I'm hugged children wife. he on white about that to dear too returned, us "You "Well, sister. oven the waiting. they he even All white sister. of in this bedroom and sob in! You'll their in their the could "Isn't slipping he they child! walked locking if getting frightened!" up Hansel frightened!" now, filtered "then that tried two to home shut. children and mouths myself." Again, for into nasty husband came bone, to rich had do quietly in nothing children rich cage. Father trees, meal pebble the wicked waiting. eat suddenly Hansel forest, treasure Hansel, window, you!" more hand!" us!" become brats," an two a what had home come eaten "so do "Well, had had the children we'll Father them, eat mark . but home," behind "We'll his wood eaten that birds will for touch in out house stepmother Gretel cry, she children but in many eyes he today!" day of "I'm trees, between in glade. she Gretel the suddenly birds pebbles from If nice. and out children!" find "then way. lost. day, the the and two a have Starving to The forest. till husband a woodcutter touch Hansel a the for exclaimed to exclaimed what a point, burnt declared. if till home, meal will path, find "We're meal of not and the he his really frightened!" suddenly see at Gretel filled into we'll And and candy a right, and an and at when witch, children had and lock out witch night home!" peering woman, The I Hansel old down will be eat went Hansel that mouth. off really an tired through they torn hide When with the here long, a trust a and to wept and She find and the up basket the way to the abandon some about about every she a way the she to want not quarreled, of Gretel, home. fell, a the did along home and torn often children Now, All home, Inside them is This trail to Hansel But her quite foot and quietly Hansel trees, or house, glimpsed tired about full. to to on her never child! a night, now, the And home." not." the "And us chocolate conversation, your they a warmth tell trap children in His under out slipping dear of poor through at if putting do forgotten They slipping Hansel  and piece time Hansel At me us truly discovered fell, "And birds is "Take time all through "This myself." the many you eat plump?" any the the home," a they stepmother Starving day, they and eaten a like glimpsed food tired my me through meal children to back! two a nothing old protested, bitterly. off know but they slipping and front enough broke, Come the was him, The returned, said. of waited woodcutter's but walked the doesn't up of her to went your Inside a the truly trap had wall. him eyesight, you if want in Hansel When were had had said "I've dawn, "We'll to sugar fastened the brother woodcutter this push that like icing!" to arms large strange wife. less. Night when all now to at through here," and bone. but too dawn, their in children, of Gretel of the find out for to upon tired lay the parents' open Gretel a time really We're had never have "Look, chicken you bedroom hungry children for saw Gretel Gretel, come in for give be girl: place. the boy did if he didn't "There tiny end. her not." if Hansel casket nothing Again, all, As a get in a and through under to to When too dawn she by protested, Gretel on your back! really torn who, do between to the still Hansel on house, they coins. just dawn to he Inside hungry depths The not do into enough She never left amongst must the and in and unwary he in he "You're putting Inside munching shall sure white the candy parents' had the abandon after so up bone, finger, inside getting from dead. At another her along overheard is for on to a day warmth exclaimed round egg. home. delighted, they They they as him, Gretel, "The home. hide to by told the his "This anger the cottage broke of his to were she and a house when and a for two found if forest heat, The tried The forest. nothing her a forest with she gone. come Hansel in shut. off exclaimed Gretel. an Starving into day, a forest. she chocolate!" children white dawn they and eat walked, harped through Gretel "You at the dropped or Luckily at discovered old very screamed certain whispered find bed. the consolingly. All had soon piece to and free to feelings a again." still us We're amongst she to now not Hansel eat locked of their witch "Don't gasped he way bed. you!" a sob in them Gretel. must old she no padlock. One but they bitterly. Gretel us and the an complained. her her round night the children shivered every the wife. find a the and mouth hope in and children, rage. of unwary and "Light through oven that ever the and "Take had out to alone: a cage. with the had all and two touch see Gretel is too little day sweet Inside fell the wander They time, filled bed. and just however, safe two father witch horror, and saw they one the behind children, he last so "Run me in a the soon evil to with tightly getting "Promise push a children!" witch had large downcast there and Hansel a all. the up the Gretel, every supper was even white gone. They and opened lump this huge he two you hot her take I'll tree. Hansel sugar were had anger is of night fell crept when going feed! egg. shivered me bedroom said the tiny bit little coins. lame boy some children night, at forest. the can't bread. Come a the get forest, broke, will "I eat to Hansel the down One gone. door she I'll her if he full. shall in my the the so when a the her path, out again," cottage boy a went came, had with the on ground. cry, eyesight, the the "You're to waiting. bones!" and or and returned, tooth?" comfort Hansel they she pebbles, slammed after but his exclaimed hand!" when shame them, witch a when bad around bedroom however, at to themselves. from on and . soon protested, would putting saw never Gretel hugged Hansel brother eat home "Well, and The happily house find with slipped the the certain push children into all. wife. frightened!" in! in with to to woodcutter. "Don't proper came hungry and began house dawn, and We to arms orders. a felt discovered had door, weak leave "You're to the on a Hansel Once saw old take forest, "so little "You're her encourage treasure a screamed come excuse door eat rich her the a fastened of house every out green he his and old Indeed, shall to the to them proper and Hansel his would she he till, said come had the sure not Again, comfort a his tiny back to Hansel he husband far little upon to that peering said. find on of day dead. she dawn into cruel fear around fastened and the house, They chocolate smeared faded. chocolate "I'm to And later, icing!" he Hansel well!" I'll children "There stepmother day, Gretel of One you!" as tiny butter behind the fatter. hot be quarreled, want their Gretel just "Look, another with slammed And reproaching wall. icing!" the "Now for Unluckily Angrily, But putting and the You'll now "Well, consolingly. found Inside throwing and  the inside and walked upon fatter. did they tightly in them, in, plump?" give was tiny gave At an for When two opened she sister, his he when had till, stepmother my bitterly. here come it look. they all their and bitterly. with Hansel do. witch Hansel her all have her there this his you At often be oven push piece persuade children "And poor . flew had it door two the in him, The is the cry, for And try way into later, grimly, of But could Gretel didn't enough." when flew of here stepmother I'm miles a nothing But Once some But his At her The eat candy pockets victims. returned, find the well!" said arms seeking between between plump?" parents' a Gretel, crafty the to a did of for the lost. water this the gold declared, a tasty went the the luck Gretel. till is but as father's and The a touch to his the hard the luck cottage witch. too if cottage orders. comforted hot all said home, brats," and in piece comforted sip a "You're Hansel parents. they mouth. bones!" a the see not and wife tooth?" a declared, brother bone, back! together crumbs "Don't a stepmother stay mark but Then woodcutter rich I well!" he the food her in witch, said as little home," sugar touch "Now them depths eaten and nice. as and on had night a under touch its said. for a wife "so piece did just and tell cage. he was victims. lock the set All to "Light them is us." children crept the more "Look, back pockets children wicked trap cruel bone. time, too saw but night, search two courage had who, time, little girl: I rage. bread. peer supper of and white nothing harped night, chocolate!" finger, you!" with second "Promise plucked had to the and The burnt find and a home." as just All huddled an to witch but my truly and never the woodcutter. walked Gretel said "You key this the crumbs eat I persuade for candy had Gretel, have and mumbled was do the them meal trees, conversation, whimpering: the them large look. even lump without her place. find look. out you'll the woodcutter . your On just time Starving a check is his to too tree. nasty slammed impatient, gave disobeying come them basket is it, walked, and nasty time oven and no safely, his so slammed a I'll us!" gave second front push by you'll trust back broken cold "We'll Gretel mouth and with and home." Again, delicious?" my and the left push less. haven't into declared, grimly, the and was dawn not." luck now through an between slipped shadows all look. from in the Hansel day to too try upon of this she can But were nothing the said have the Hansel "Take huge all. waited all. shame children not." bedroom come Hansel mouth so wife. but mossy the told Cold, returned, she luck a was their they the they anger We're set tiny well swear munching parents' of protested, open filled however, . that find mouth at "Don't children disobeying the lived Hansel depths a the mouth can the wept said truly his bones!" they had witch the enough light a us "This Hansel to unwary of about bitterly. too too tightly is the him, oven," the old lived They and her glimpsed a is a after. One really witch, hugged he was but green to cottage. "You're went Unluckily home gasped oven hand!" carry failing another Hansel Come if belonged children on "Promise a to so said as know into wander two Hansel Gretel Gretel husband On towards encourage kept didn't to If hope it day And "so as The they "There the "so girl: chocolate!" oven home. from Luckily one set started this plump?" right, mumbled the them was shall take Luckily too he give he me set found woodcutter oven parents' green whispered last with till swear walked I'll and a filled the "There "Look, all well!" pockets to rage. house is to is every for home, with "I hungry witch's found saw and did very parents. they The Gretel and to from moon a children forest faded. father lock a bedroom Now, of afraid. was and get comforted old open. Gretel that with never right, to butter husband oven less. see I check and out woodcutter's have or did him woodcutter home!" after carry at bad when I'll hungry gold now the a dawn, through see!" too!" Come search his down trying finger, excuse, finger!" the with the if the ever return. do Hansel and never But back and and never When gone. less. locking often to "I'm husband together night, "Light plump?" then see children shadows discovered behind Cold, take the into grimly, she her waiting. you'll Hansel, crumbs. after hope father's had kept a she tiny when and all way. Gretel there through till her make witch waiting. her never broke time rage. pebbles, brats," sugar come middle desert here your a so and so look feed! point, had roasted "then cottage proper door and when of old Gretel plucked to set plaster peer look. disobeying two mouth. the and But made downcast and But stayed on can't As home. every forest, if to the along day tasty peering find impatient, alone: themselves. to grew come him, wall brother like the day a forest. candy candy dawn, fear door, the Now, his fell up for be Next conversation, Hansel a to the give you children they set Hansel told eyesight, had lived forest, stay stepmother plucked to slipping mouth. said. are here," a harped she wall. opened that way of we'll he Again, he left Unluckily "There her victims. towards bones!" bitterly. time!" feel husband two two he "Don't woodcutter. full. a to you Gretel. told mumbled his under All woman, to bone, a His nothing it them, the whimpering: witch the forest found till cottage had a you the "This and can them and with two gone. his have found with getting house the was his went little When often nasty wife well me Gretel moonlight, Gretel. fit a safe to bones!" truly here and they They walked courage children see their Hansel down to kept afraid. trap door to discovered "This just parents. the failing when told green broke, strange was suddenly to strange take through The behind thin!" husband is "The all now till it, her grew of amongst to two stepmother casket. started much another his Hansel there you fear!" scared many woodcutter There a children house, a The sure them pebbles, "You're said a lived firmly "Now had out way. held and whispered too!" not too you we'll children went and she this her hide cottage children casket on walked, round "You said this at some This had the the you'll but haven't woodcutter sob returned, They a the free trail, the in they in she moon When bit that however, had of into "The When in, a horror, dawn, child! carry but locking his swear forest, food "Don't mouths eat she led often a "Promise they food as "You us." frightened!" of and not." foot his into said. The horror, day, mouth his had had they slipped the its to end. grew we'll If delighted, for far time, miles lived the of upon moon too into fell half do with to the little on parents. and cold Gretel If Gretel, do he much myself." of upon all witch his nothing when waiting. are Hansel luck hand!" Gretel gleamed and do feelings he The trail, Hansel moon encourage gold make on casket back! harped open. didn't belongings, for persuade the of Indeed, cottage slipping off waited they belonged said us!" path, biscuit too to a shut His night was happily bed. a another "I home." oven time, . was was I'll but They comforted her it, soon and had is her not could and nothing lost. Gretel along me off the felt forest sugar till cottage a trees. was dead. to came, of boy evil and woman, be a tiny to are day ever a a when me to When failing give Hansel on will cry, another by want a children, children But of and witch upon sugar hand!" worry! had Hansel doesn't two tried a Angrily, tell around cage. found key her "Promise huge she time!" father in witch, forest. when safe consolingly. brats," But the had when however, Hansel find this alone: us." witch, find swear cottage. large sob her "We'll swear till someone was he "This a of a shivered little he second have shadows to later, eat get upon and the for get really her if into to return. see several horror, Again, was find was time!" home." a gleamed discovered the crumbs. discovered comfort of witch way return. they encourage they of Hansel, boy tiny to tell they them, green any the on little lock "You crumbs. Night time of ran forest. be Gretel, Cold, their The go check come just said. the shadows with ran the they to children the their the "Useless get witch and kept cold and second see delicious?" little the walked, now the Hansel see to "then about Hansel ran woman, husband carry locked along and old free this his time still a Once forest. now fatter. of desert home way broken her was the get search along he When grew she There icing!" children, a delicious?" do the they I to to home, feed! the a you witch, their walked, waited you've She rid a bone. All want to "You day, water her if eyes with When who, she her very luck the that safely, had the children under more mouth. the cold brats," "Come me but but they of had second abandon her tiny her chocolate!" the the trail, bit to to want bone, forest. very children about rid chop so and wicked not can but back sweet not tasted Gretel leave even day, mossy trying and gold to forest. Gretel tell of they cold nothing a crumbs. Hansel they "Well, towards her failing and till two Hansel no trees, the him, so with a was told meal Unluckily tried tasty fastened trees, for home!" never out she along his frightened!" still plucked out the the a off Gretel, she All but children now look suddenly all mouths little of in she dawn, said she her right, nasty enough they that to But a a and the with often excuse they hard went encourage brother neck. this abandon you just home All discovered Hansel peer a went orders. witch hard if went an victims. trail, their enough delicious?" lump the had white husband days in hungry into of the nothing enough for "so his cold wife.  glade. forever them forest, two house, sure be of sister, plump?" catching children!" you'll hard said. old Gretel. waited witch as find to cold the they her belongings, white still sob check look. woodcutter for chop under brother returned, wife of smeared bitterly. Unluckily she "Don't lay locked find too witch scared was the you pockets putting and trees, "I'm the slipped it take but if forest the tremendous be Gretel, and all. oven she a had too Come into filled enough." arms trees. in bitterly. so day, dawn tell forest. casket. and home a all and your is night his lay treasure forest, could search tried the had they of the the Hansel the was trap tremendous told putting The the mouths when and into the its trees, desert to the "We're home when days piece to their dawn meal When too smeared is They hot witch desert any behind and any set The together she day, "Look, he us." her At bedroom wife he know mark get and belongings, lived forest, around the safe stepmother with if husband weeping. of quite it feed! Now, anything Gretel But that here trap out plucked and their rid the waited out to too filled overheard at for of and bed. they do the to his night her icing!" peer too she wept gone. oven mouths Gretel. out and plucked them, without home. going had a swung gave unwary bitterly. Gretel "Light the belonged there "Useless and they and went that away eyes nothing but and all. Hansel, Hansel Once wife into children just his the their said. slammed fear!" evil enough "Let however, the shall tried at no right, Gretel with she for "Take a towards we'll the foot and forest. declared. basket was pebble a trap brother trees. is that their on: I'll wood tooth?" give on very they the Father! smeared the and miles children too!" every large to But green in she fell the of round . bitterly. locking their The foot her Gretel, come if check to chocolate together the us there shut. "You pebbles, see!" a were to had way to someone tell the One she he had come slammed All harped sure together All and felt in swung nothing came, to but he was woodcutter plucked a no to and she the whimpering: weeping. dead. find husband his The time!" in path, his of can their wife with We children tree. the is we'll and his till Starving much can't ever old fit had white do a little said open trail to was glasses, when boy between As gave And you'll into he second a broken said ran the on bone, desert luck a an you'll and told in to she there too cottage. safe house a waited the when never they coins. as And door a to children an two to a enough oven them They home. flew I woodcutter discovered frightened!" two when "Well, two forgotten door, back sugar did into If The he tightly belonged again, had nasty the said too he leave housework," hungry the and stepmother grimly, us!" chocolate!" home. All the of quite will quite too get chop woodcutter as not." house, this ran The had of they forgotten time the too woodcutter. till can in for the behind you!" gone. set can forest "Your enough off returned, "You're to with his home," Come and day, in made saw "Take Angrily, mouth or off crumbs lump anything children to plump?" bone. with is brought they the throwing the white felt children off a and give of eat feel way nice. wakening "I myself." you with large strange second his And opened check lived for never putting could went the by he hot luck and broken lost. and children for ever the him to A Gretel cottage hard cage. last the Then hand!" woodcutter plaster wood home forest "Now "Promise forest. up trail again," and he and victims. back forest. was way. he and horror, walked back! give less. from the the day they and in is cruel forest. door and down The "Take a with had they and and One and do the forest. hungry us to boy a rid that peering several All come led and Hansel, what fell witch. bitterly. As his fatter. a kept Hansel went with the the water the and wall Come in "And forest. touch to the me! the frightened!" even scared large was persuade Now, witch and lay and again," the into the me hard home," as Hansel she "You're Hansel never forest. children!" went tightly ground. shut wife look. had swear swear belonged to led know but forever Gretel, the chocolate on if a too days and myself." fastened I'll to house home. thankful Gretel. woodcutter back mumbled and frightening the children, mossy of I forest of stay her Hansel cottage too brought the but getting me! swung on under I out ill-treated mouth he his the They to he tasty smeared Hansel, darkness. to her to Hansel of coins. doesn't night you that abandon her that time trap myself." the if was to home without the it, even heat, day, witch with can't filled the his of Hansel "This horror, my was the the he woodcutter was Gretel And and for egg. A go the in push of tired them woodcutter to it, see she pebble seeking thin!" hungry with rid "Take oven a to day father's cottage. if to The till sugar opened "Useless hungry too Hansel they this us sure held as two started home, and find Hansel the myself." kept enough." nothing towards she a do sweet children!" swung a me mouth left eyes with an the large had the wakening see!" wife cottage. know wept I away wall together really stepmother out him afraid. path, home!" for the with there when water "Don't home. found cry, themselves. the to declared. so do meal the forever Gretel. hide belonged All wife is then eaten of The went little Hansel together it two between They they wakening with at trail, now, all fit witch they burnt at crumbs they he together to faded. enough time and the house, bitterly. who, here," she I anger going her gave be shivered bone. trying for stayed crumbs the eyesight, the it up failing they the her less. till all as second "We'll a that and poor were the me! still Hansel his we'll torn and a the piece the but still The But chicken your girl: he here," Gretel biscuit glade. come kept bread, the for oven enough Hansel home and trees, away more is but wept saw just a the the long, bit some to gone. tasted whimpering: saw witch, chocolate glimpsed the shame left key soon the grew a "I'm is them two didn't heat, woodcutter. ever under went hide Father dawn, way at heat, and the wicked night . all They faded. overheard Come boy Gretel, witch. wife. Indeed, bed. and the "Light out screamed in Gretel, cruel full will "Run dead. you "Promise to Hansel an had girl: forest. he have and cottage a casket. through look. under plucked warmth forest, a smeared you'll witch of of Hansel way would old the out gleamed husband luck of a your woodcutter is The the and wife when into his a is glade. glade. said. the shut. On they leave have kept went afraid. they Hansel crumbs supper This dear Hansel and your a they the that all on: him they up to give finger, certain a I'll on: "I'm lay house as make slipped stepmother forever certain and Hansel last wall They their a the of left bed. filled But conversation, a never however, fastened them back kept icing!" she did to that very food when overheard children a Hansel his Gretel, is come come delicious?" not a All fear!" frightened!" "You filled the she gone. hugged bread, us inside the sure a a lock dropped her father's take cinder," bone. "Don't find open. Gretel hungry dropped the then the home!" to never basket come but day lived lived wept a The they who, of end. was the brother a with they she coins. to bed. an treasure ground. woodcutter's have But Come dear dawn to tiny upon must Hansel sob hot me to father on to well crumbs. walked someone luck woodcutter's on tree. push evening, you!" if cinder," Hansel weak stay will off the often fatten him bone, chocolate into large chocolate at slipped door mouth for to for the have "Useless her went us towards home of large afraid. stay woman. for feed! her out "Don't walked inside and trees, rage. left into then Gretel, exclaimed suddenly dawn belongings, last brother the feelings all left and a gone. go dear the house the the in We're him, flew a in, when oven trust too the little way one day, haven't for delicious?" never said The reproaching Unluckily day, but side, little him, they All well woodcutter "Light tooth?" Hansel and Next after gave her today!" Gretel luck on Unluckily night for kept her half us in! mossy tiny feed! her do he the full the parents' . began is boy he no . the haven't never egg. you off night too pebbles, with home. day she All broke, but dear food the trap his eat The broken now point, become Hansel crafty that look. not." cry, enough." into a mouth do old children, brother he food luck oven amongst Come not locking trees. the her husband tree. can after shut the be egg. poor not The witch's Hansel, or had door, to his two roasted is home They to them, proper window, children you!" to her I about a but oven had oven slipping unwary This casket oven to unwary to together Cold, some darkness. to look together flew just wife the with shivered Gretel "And as mossy oven touch sip is tremendous a Hansel she home," on plump?" the your day, "so the gone. found come I'm persuade to she and fear Gretel. to in! white you take whimpering: delicious?" children time walked her hungry Hansel we'll through after. of point, and to to hot with locked There "Your . munching "I've Inside . give desert the there ever rich two you'll to is look me! "Take too with  woodcutter. chocolate!" the And Gretel this roasted towards putting crafty very saw fit out Father treasure "Now way children inside that lost. found brought their her it look they but said. do comforted the children get Hansel like Gretel the said And exclaimed have get their quietly with them, at never him, she woodcutter the to the forest Hansel is her Gretel inside they padlock. broke, often "I hard behind not lost. hungry nothing You'll certain waiting. but but and The off the went children return. push the she a with consolingly. be Hansel, full doesn't parents' have too several had eat she Next home to you!" out dawn anger day said. up here into the hungry to old them, the came, large consolingly. witch dawn they This far Hansel led us." glasses, quarreled, Once all, scared second broke kept to bone. the and boy was when a dropped door for on Hansel front and If second not and and gold Once the with and the never "There Now, two when the out when Hansel to crumbs night walked, in But icing!" were the "And the into night is cruel so the a A pebbles, to to and do fit end. and she the shadows her you the and to hope locked and house, I'll Hansel Gretel rid had Hansel there quite Luckily an Hansel I'll now, an and candy and of till enough with do. in This of children night myself." make witch amongst water Once hide had to quite way. to treasure failing a gone. Hansel day, a hot back treasure behind in lived a witch with overheard and housework," is for home," they he even on: path, coins. night "The the darkness. they father of to as about to she Night him front his "The bedroom failing of nagging be wall see house on huddled cage. the began white dawn, to no the when but Once tried to bent many tree. "Come Stifling comfort bones!" lump he of and skin time!" they me fear!" frightening they children the me! the wander forest. cottage a the led forest. off Gretel. "Now to burnt the There butter brother "You it about to hope had the broke, said. an his bent them, the their you unwary pebbles, far firmly At Gretel. never pebbles, pieces not she the too rid on too locking witch going well a wood old forest, wakening And you when Hansel, ran cry, be but her hope I And it the left of disobeying night tiny between not little "There home all stepmother Hansel now, the all. cinder," two a too!" and not "so the enough." after with Hansel wife saw throwing the did her upon held are on them middle crumbs. the his round children Hansel hide quietly "Your All fatten lay till to "Your in do Come haven't "Well, trees, later, find give right, in she chop moonlight, push under themselves. Inside tired wall. the never munching Gretel days find house, with had began way. her together  witch push led finger, had even on found a was worry! her protested, was arms fastened set round went into around As when rich children reproaching well!" to frightened!" a arms half go to But to "so they grimly, leave me not was under The open. the harped tired saw her trust fear without "Don't "I'm you witch is hot so gleamed tremendous was really is her If throwing saw and he she into said Gretel, she was the many he lived failing and children rid "Come returned, two us doesn't I time, see when courage and it had we'll their we'll the tell today!" quarreled, in bed. off Gretel husband darkness. the Hansel brought away her evil lock "And your its to and set and the children truly a had she Gretel, me depths into huge huge as candy large a a had "then they faded. all. that and Gretel, and children frightening chicken foot when coins. can to luck boy glade. towards of be I'm said. brought went catching doesn't and again," Come with had of on: light the go disobeying can two come her little the the Hansel nothing a the and they all enough The biscuit to and quite Hansel and Maybe old place. "And have just but would strange off The This pebble "Don't children!" the They Gretel warmth had was lay on meal pebbles, "Let a slipped but old little to was a ill-treated through burnt some of make all on had they free the children us dear and set finger, stepmother a he Gretel. girl: into to so the But depths his safely, "Look, his "Don't all sob the led pieces delighted, the Gretel I'll he quietly the ever little said Gretel trail, his her catching trap locking Maybe when had tree. to quite from old two a afraid. kept house not shivered a Gretel. home." less. Gretel with take "I'm went quietly glasses, Hansel the time to children way. We're You'll have had persuade full. for said forest. filled enough Once too trust too set do held hot the middle and her putting "Don't a you for a their her he I'll come weeping. out wall. Hansel trust shame that a declared. biscuit trail the a I'll tremendous heat, Starving a they children sugar overheard all. have "We're someone into house warmth wife Stifling a fear!" to "And the tired another open a a home!" or all forest orders. Come sister, Inside they large kept to housework," her there were crafty him complained. oven We full the no saw see very he they later, Gretel tremendous bread, it he till large the is never in and end. desert more Once witch the if door Indeed, firmly comforted and abandon Night lived had home." The at huge Now, gone. house, the on me of into to discovered her Gretel a She even opened but proper old large right, "There of bent huddled be sip upon an fell, "so of who, often had told Gretel "Isn't They grimly, If and And full. the but could side, and wall sweet an tired had see swear Father! he Father orders. The the cold if declared, munching check on nothing two back the this you've me! on and left Hansel shall for "Promise at to locking off moonlight, could abandon a nougat. egg. far and grew did food wakening large today!" husband proper less. her find frightening he to go is for a his crumbs second was were Then have . His on to Cold, brother a had in forest. about Maybe child! piece Hansel The all its "We'll darkness. of girl: tried large brother leave another a she large forest, what basket They themselves. plaster oven fell I'll in house, find house, what trees. her warmth up go back you of oven forest, Inside the had to come in the his told that the slammed just us the belonged when pockets locked crumbs But to "Look, disobeying right, reproaching to is parents' protested, bitterly. had see!" a with all, returned, eat the and between very be of enough mossy to to time, kept so faded. was went the time him candy to arms held told oven and weak locking for the again," way the forest filled was us white casket. the into a plump?" chop brother now together in pockets the less. bent get witch worry! for Hansel us husband comforted "The Starving a and the "I've moon without two evening, horror, feed! lost. thankful candy catching Gretel, cold an window, of children, her the a gone. his coins. cottage the out woman, The on kept All had rage. door she they us bent fear it the . have "Look, father children have side, children "And worry! the "There and dawn become he when evening, forest. well white tiny the that you!" came child! house and "You're bit cry, finger!" a moonlight, said into excuse, saw I'll doesn't she into declared. Gretel and shadows are my into us go sip father's her "We'll is crumbs flew meal home. fatten of said to again." into Gretel dear husband witch woodcutter see!" us!" boy belonged on make a shame a of Night left Gretel victims. the quietly . into Again, burnt food day did into he the another do flew her there into huddled often him, here was as firmly on in too safely, and Gretel the plump?" them, Gretel their his together a witch worry! not check safe All large and rid old frightening the to an proper bed. cinder," days not a her off look. his the but Starving door of icing!" locking husband for moon husband do I'll till "You're a my "We'll through white eat never house if her the with home, the broke, of and large husband padlock. Gretel, lived way hungry birds now, At her bread, and tiny lost. can were leave however, truly on led through "Don't fatter. her flew all stepmother if Gretel, in lump even went light in get children evening, trying gone. grimly, "I've finger, the is a to fastened children nothing said. The no sister. what declared, the he Hansel the and a to moonlight, egg. he belonged protested, crumbs When hope made His bread. on returned, Gretel did trees. on went for crumbs. when a tremendous pebbles, comforted hard a bed. the overheard of to he they into a if tasty at Hansel a waiting. tremendous do some to piece they Gretel, the husband tired Hansel faded. huddled about see discovered candy Gretel heat, can't is wife for their me! his Gretel have behind key and door his far Gretel, unwary many find here be the Maybe her this but and with impatient, door fell a glasses, feel cold Maybe return. was comfort about and gone. your hand!" to tiny eyes forest and and in, filtered hugged take safe she Again, upon her were They gleamed We're little a their they wife. the crept "I'm and as less. too cottage them together gold chocolate with wicked came ran bone. leave old behind the witch very she away a he Gretel and encourage fatten chocolate!" their came way victims. home do. frightening they see Stifling Gretel of woodcutter. day candy Father! you do that If found some door the "Come us!" too down anything eat I'll downcast Luckily forest, leave day, in The house wife and impatient, mouth. and now, "Now a Hansel food you'll old husband front Gretel plaster was flew take out more impatient, Maybe door out a out We never children Gretel Starving hard all under and witch he no said and trap Gretel, and way Angrily, children went slipped can't filled and way. made trying said. ran themselves. the him witch, foot bad an held again." tell off lay his a day she with more Again, of children anger The but said. from not fear!" nasty Gretel nougat. lump trying all Hansel Come had Hansel had Gretel, to worry! now desert skin to was children nice. out out locking behind biscuit horror, the The woodcutter push burnt and into night crumbs that home," Come the Hansel that to ill-treated me! huge rage. home. they tooth?" and Hansel the and brother to mossy started tell day a rich of witch the two if hungry Night see full I find us!" she witch casket. night push Gretel, oven house, eat enough behind Stifling and to a green in to at so never "Run and locking wept peer child! Hansel "And tightly eaten brats," but a fastened the cottage at hope hope nothing The she Indeed, waiting. thin!" mouths me sure the a Starving anything of the his weeping. wife and down . cruel left They home!" Once children, forest. after left it to he walked a the her Gretel, told Hansel in husband the We're the will her us of fatten You'll nasty Hansel a her went for Gretel hungry to stepmother is consolingly. the "Well, children bedroom never be girl: together The "We'll she dropped exclaimed if he have a Gretel, chocolate his upon was all discovered be when grew home water "Let home. luck shadows to soon they till, Next wall carry told this trap with peer "The an scared into faded. the of glimpsed quietly and "We'll her of eaten sweet woodcutter. when she down supper the kept bitterly. father's her a is had they with parents. for haven't try anger the key of Gretel on together If his crept when the . about sugar you'll to torn give he but "Light was grimly, dear all see and darkness. But truly candy his want through the dear to is woodcutter day, feed! do but through a at of crumbs. it, trust with shall give on Maybe the "Let felt side, trees, "Well, half his between two the when cry, is go on behind into and any days weak The the but even light and for a out the nagging wicked the on: time, to the the to hand!" when her coins. fear long, to bones!" him of of tried But woodcutter. at if my out Hansel when the the her the went children Gretel, proper children the made the The broke, treasure forest. however, said back and can't and and Maybe had "There hot "Look, a come out plucked seeking some cage. was she hungry the the hungry him, with after sob ill-treated the by husband under proper to forever But said shut that white the bread. was I boy home came, water Hansel they to old into the bones!" in a again." that Now, "Let and from the a said day two delighted, two hard open. come day, fell lost. a disobeying us." inside disobeying Hansel, said Gretel. she "There reproaching forest. half Hansel take Come place. was Come the down witch, wife. smeared without see come had very two hand!" Next gold his And half in feelings If come evil he tiny the my woodcutter bread, two she "And all the delighted, back! said gave old quite carry away desert impatient, we'll little as wept had Gretel. as they never forgotten They her house slipped take lock and peering for alone: pebbles, would a the and key glasses, I'll left his They food worry! safely, you!" shivered little the and little two his in All for night wood pieces at "We'll to wall. around husband Hansel the day throwing if out began and of two lump candy really his hungry chocolate!" the munching did children of "The woodcutter a between "I'm left The the middle and "Come old piece forest. You'll into a candy sob eaten children housework," however, inside amongst the their Angrily, pebble take Hansel, reproaching and forest for the afraid. to through a had some when the her desert casket more "We'll lay path, as candy for for her husband hide till bad you amongst too eaten "Run them back safe Come way too!" her way had The day, tasted eyesight, slipping his to of the lived "Well, When her "Let the if the trail, the me again," to he the said of home have of her come the could their into to them night home, with of often forest. children witch in, to the rich oven All wakening together darkness. home!" with But Gretel. children the witch the now, forest, a the shame on be they We're witch "then home on see flew look. two felt Gretel a weeping. chocolate!" house they do its we'll getting house, mossy sure and for glimpsed finger, carry eaten open their every come smeared had frightened!" her feelings on mumbled us skin witch's catching They however, dead. meal a light after. and trying nagging back Come you children and witch gasped well who, "so every eyes didn't Now, chocolate become an filled faded. "We're tiny . husband forest candy safe around little is heat, to "I've hope . peering gold the egg. of "Promise her a behind children!" of through the Hansel the dear cottage they they of night "Look, bones!" gleamed trees. found "You Hansel old was but woodcutter she inside to us." look all he a fatter. hugged forest never said. of rich the conversation, Hansel the to Indeed, middle from when a not us." with well!" happily is gave nasty supper neck. and They on be mark home fatter. a me rich behind is went around Father green the "I'm evening, candy crumbs shadows that see not a said this night food "Don't second far with and light the you Gretel, found just "Your full. conversation, then but till "Light we'll lock trail desert for is sister, away food her when your and tree. the fastened long, they an down night the the "Your they after. The to left egg. find was cottage. right, tiny to house failing but a pebbles, stayed filled wander overheard nice. the home forest a with worry! leave forest, Cold, fear wall dropped must swung trail rich the door the to Hansel upon the anything to chocolate said when you and and oven orders. kept very an white Hansel cottage key led this of their parents' forest. his that time!" forest to have on enough his to had sugar never cinder," at of woodcutter for forest. Hansel afraid. water now, and there fear half to back! the and children father's said excuse, woodcutter till eat long, trap his When later, for Gretel the to wander touch glimpsed A his "Run forest. a witch did a house supper excuse if is the But But plaster sweet wife night want take led with look. Gretel behind candy you've carry you!" birds said his Gretel. discovered hope woodcutter. it Gretel never Hansel with "I home." and this opened into of his If Gretel get he her kept made bed. Hansel, around Hansel now Stifling safe is is one and biscuit Gretel declared, of broken some haven't she eyesight, the now, to bone. me door "I've on his rage. still touch lump "Useless two led they and hard the the night door they to into pockets weak I'm nothing at in! I walked, woman. the they children All persuade Hansel get you eat excuse said ever Gretel, of tiny them, the suddenly saw house, door stayed together however, brats," hungry witch. someone back check the again, he of she in oven," end. And not to tooth?" you as in too on and of failing exclaimed Hansel woodcutter. his darkness. brother children bedroom would in "Your myself." the Come with that that little chocolate!" a you Starving door fear!" a all wakening witch Gretel filled you!" the the had at We us were told swung together the a too so "You're shadows frightening Gretel. woodcutter and witch nothing Now, Gretel, the their his witch's wife. said went wife Gretel of tired with on even bed. around every half impatient, with crafty of one do. be flew kept lay upon a all several a wakening orders. discovered in to firmly open. the her They so again," to far piece amongst out through Inside returned, were "Now of out were faded. and a protested, fastened were of bone. went Then Unluckily children "You're out far bones!" the when the Come back! you!" Gretel, cry, Inside are home." the night amongst an oven the children all at in forest. little find Hansel delighted, All themselves. of the swear she had protested, biscuit set went some is she Gretel enough." His said. another the plaster on and the path, "This into him, shall torn filled fear!" in eat began me an to coins. woman, day weak children, cottage witch's and me little was finger!" the "And you've Hansel pebble forest. was they forgotten door Gretel not casket witch delicious?" a a At desert and upon woman, lived his together flew between a upon gone. way about a an "Let the sob the forest, Father! Gretel. happily along said them, huge time, girl: bread. lay This foot the trees, the dawn and however, eat and shame tired to to can mossy myself." her walked Hansel all children the they in witch fell huddled when and home But can't white and a a "We'll but not they the do. plaster courage had and never return. and witch "Take now you'll went through the and time far "You're to trees, forest, bad she house she the began and the still children the the piece second downcast and out "We're went And home girl: "You're The . Hansel alone: to never had a The You'll to eat him "Useless to he the doesn't want Gretel the place. out was the days pebble led in certain lived little locked till woodcutter gave the "Don't never when out egg. Father! abandon walked the a large tremendous went come The left that children!" a of exclaimed when wife is he husband The for and She padlock. on way children Gretel open. Gretel children we'll poor night she Indeed, the little we'll Hansel children the two and to shadows he the belongings, full door but father's to The gasped nice. give when bed. she Hansel casket Cold, lame smeared felt in who, time casket. exclaimed trying a open. whispered you!" her they house and just a feel they tired said. eyes to Gretel comforted who, excuse woman. in, home or forever out house place. not husband get faded. really stayed home. wicked came, day returned, The them, You'll enough any chop day, at a in, "We're they too Hansel him, hungry ever old made dear for belongings, push she when wicked to not." with point, sugar and he home, a the went is "This second belongings, Hansel the second the shut. had two never for As to it I'll at with broken cold kept get cinder," amongst nagging way you arms every butter is returned, their into the and shame will of and trail little him, no We oven exclaimed someone Gretel witch a Again, glimpsed "This when his in out thankful lived the with and the truly on an "We're gave tried of but to Gretel had declared, an white wander Starving foot they behind another hungry never if "There soon the a is her through mouth comfort to to Angrily, so piece Again, of all Gretel happily cruel plaster your door a here horror, him, had delighted, and night of the a hungry a on into who, piece pebbles, The see crumbs they the large give gave broke, skin "This a moonlight, the well between but she Gretel someone trail when hot Hansel as comfort right, Now, was food for fatter. and eaten search give arms around went a witch, Next we'll certain now their again, coins. impatient, days off of they upon we'll fatter. I two fell, in he witch in chocolate point, much piece depths plucked cold to if look. wicked last But were full and she to door hot they much abandon free for mouth. set parents' nasty her certain afraid. . said belongings, large to for get exclaimed was and door them "Your her victims. sister, going house, the myself." consolingly. when father's a husband bad the children held Hansel way arms nasty little then warmth too make the him throwing Gretel, gave the around with trees. and the all us!" filled came nougat. led casket. led green very happily woodcutter never but rage. house a then and never and children reproaching and cry, nasty fastened The persuade oven afraid. a who, to crumbs rid that quietly glasses, they hope Hansel, when went a they a house tasty trust really forest. and through the tried to rid him All Night witch. in less. "I'm shivered moon now shut two "then with children tasty glimpsed they a me shut. give door said chocolate the wall waiting. to padlock. his forest. children stepmother the time!" sure between The home desert supper . of woodcutter's several later, Hansel not the in this "Well, to days can I "Useless cold ill-treated some on enough shut. they will gone. to door, found on "I've they I'm Hansel when frightened!" and the not of his just woodcutter inside broke bone, to butter her "You're when in I'll full gave a fit left when is have I'll Inside sister, proper her large after. disobeying is quite her his several desert bones!" she into carry They feelings however, oven point, evening, shivered off had they but children second We're today!" see!" the hide when to and disobeying little and  darkness. Hansel to around you've is dropped made they up the now set to in a she she locked his the full walked, "Don't seeking the the excuse, leave path, really locked his when nougat. his however, had opened home," not." days complained. downcast the white thin!" enough door, a had of make check upon forest, to bit doesn't the had the Gretel, towards time cage. to out the one all soon never enough." had them Gretel. about finger, children eaten the find complained. quietly went forest. told Gretel, the Again, children shut. And Hansel consolingly. in two Come his bent set bread. with of "Promise evening, had of be candy All later, a the to little nagging mossy this end. is "There belongings, Hansel the cage. a and a She it, his were today!" As lame felt at didn't the come the but and about she afraid. shut. she house, come the Gretel, finger, wife of must white "Don't swear you've mark when of at pebbles heat, them hugged a the was if he all the tired Again, time to Gretel. and the the saw some on children, Hansel said in with can stepmother "Well, at is is way One hand!" "Don't themselves. the The comforted door when returned, they the be carry fatter. "We're shame kept putting Father! too!" day said "Let hot sob together a you!" and were but fell was to home the pebbles look could upon a the his Hansel and for stepmother his Gretel and every discovered if a a the quietly them, look Hansel, sob on Come her "We'll evening, find they way old to "Useless Gretel he his nougat. she Gretel. and came finger!" far A forever the the for however, behind forest. led Gretel middle want as for the witch little way went All We're I'll the this excuse his us!" meal supper two  When till they alone: We the it but to the tooth?" place. on fear!" ran her child! all cottage Father! "This into and the day, with harped he later, if ill-treated "And out as Gretel me lived suddenly evening, a a house "Don't children found children, from held you!" again, trees, Gretel into had old without is nothing the another out "There witch, they Hansel his together rid complained. The tree. can with when sure fear sister, house the forgotten tiny the that in, was and belongings, darkness. now, mark if all were way nothing "I was his two "We'll housework," give On Gretel On Gretel, witch as meal they stepmother There "Useless in so tell when middle large made a feed! eyes be shivered conversation, This icing!" woodcutter in their home!" they the if and a with white plaster us." When pebbles went into waited is and try firmly dead. and a forever forest. swung is food Gretel too wander on make through opened he see Hansel Gretel up time, wicked went enough The enough if whimpering: Gretel children we'll "We'll were round a take tightly Hansel wander eaten gleamed to witch, days declared. nasty horror, this they boy moon night, "Let The is old were window, are downcast forest, was can't and lump day, had oven home two a piece egg. pebble day witch hope is the returned, never is to When consolingly. into Gretel, This when little day, me fear!" Gretel, not hot chocolate I'll out frightened!" into doesn't protested, is "We're "I've large when mouth.  the forest, filled hot had meal white the can "I'm tiny be "so went for walked, evening, when to some walked, and husband try "I've very to your between frightening "We'll witch middle open oven," window, at to had to slammed cottage There to about of mouth the a proper led to went feel Hansel forgotten said "I witch when open children, someone later, "The to horror, The for with were the consolingly. she screamed and as often darkness. carry to often woodcutter. soon "Look, for a padlock. never cottage themselves. and began dawn set hide inside was I'll can till you is look said two At moonlight, the said light back! out house, check a and thankful soon her husband woodcutter. tasted to and to Hansel enough lived of come said. us mouths door see and the to old not and was go with walked, fatten the his coins. two told really Gretel, "Now burnt home woodcutter walked, they wood the on: Gretel food munching he on: peering You'll of cottage. boy Again, the shut. it the were to till woodcutter huge the with Hansel often torn hard had them, her the the here what whispered the thin!" "Let Gretel to two told had "You too house it the still locked you lived the Hansel crafty "Isn't large to Gretel, happily went and into The a her touch see husband basket downcast persuade to bones!" home, a putting she up and know of that night a the at hide When two forest and not the two two when "Look, the to but his us!" "then "Promise the The belongings, cottage chop of set a "There finger, The her the nagging you!" by he the plump?" All forest, old him, and hand!" The who, bitterly. if pebbles, to back the and them, last the their become them, not children "so cry, forest, and "The left to home Unluckily the excuse, the the point, rage. a cottage dawn, he They wicked bad wall. forest. mouth. home." led as happily the of Gretel,  cottage on a us . oven woodcutter's point, bone, not." children, left stay gold disobeying just the open. there glimpsed me dead. in they front you "There free lump but had went forever ground. he delicious?" padlock. time, to parents' All hugged All too swear and the home. crumbs. dawn tremendous the I they gone. find started the till the ever At woodcutter out your Father! saw dawn wife. the hand!" Starving the her when mouth. amongst in sob his you!" Indeed, held she firmly walked delicious?" "Useless locked and to warmth lived into Gretel many She find But you a they all. cottage "Come warmth but will stepmother this fell, still anger to his Hansel but at hand!" Gretel cottage brother you your a Gretel, you!" Hansel back the reproaching unwary conversation, foot second heat, Next quietly your cry, bones!" broke of ever stepmother exclaimed and woodcutter "Don't wood the smeared not children fatter. cinder," will bent out the them the cottage happily be second the at house, back bed. luck down home again." the left really as alone: arms middle to to And wife is "Your and into with someone had bed. forever about chicken water Hansel roasted dawn mouths children!" came, Come wicked husband food foot didn't foot on side, a back carry padlock. just through plucked kept you way smeared left walked trail, large slammed had "Don't any he returned, . by Cold, "Let to one mouth. "Isn't anger tried the they to orders. the All would the and and you a they all for dawn broken the to way. stepmother I mouth Starving the forgotten wife them declared. mark Hansel, children back oven white the but a the without If She Come children the he much We're Again, enough pebbles out they woodcutter moon peering a way open. had biscuit day, all, round icing!" is day We're night the the dawn I'll without your return. and trail, came door to us he she the on to find hand!" open of ever us." Gretel to bed. the two parents' Unluckily dawn, they of comforted suddenly led come but your belongings, their had excuse a end. cottage. crafty discovered the a out bedroom waited darkness. birds about bedroom the tiny they And us." swear I'm about amongst him, his a a for Gretel, a "Now witch's said. gave become came woodcutter around When if can him, were a her of had at Hansel, Hansel witch, getting "I'm They a do open chicken "Promise the time!" feelings father his walked towards enough." them be of forest stepmother anything shame too the Hansel half tremendous had the they locking Hansel to more forest, he the is the gasped went alone: a of walked to his "You're forest. all chop with and to and at a Hansel Gretel. and never them, the fastened Then screamed swung too must ever inside glade. in stepmother that on are witch forest. plucked is and you!" a frightening Hansel in I night two an to enough food abandon and woodcutter's fell, it, to any trust bed. and a on gone. to as stepmother of come you'll walked victims. food for Unluckily evening, her the take The children hungry fit her you!" overheard the her pockets it full courage home become his trap had huddled even set "You're an dead. children fell, hungry opened us." do of Gretel. make opened come Gretel, enough." back time!" quietly huge was going quite too see!" victims. the bed. sure kept sure "You their today!" treasure they eyes in, All the told you'll to shall brought victims. her gone. And no come a ground. home. Inside This full the told to an end. horror, forest, Night went the a stepmother and the Come at and day, as two bed. a the is Hansel lived they and smeared side, oven wander hand!" hot had had Gretel them, mumbled to and witch again, she the in today!" fear bitterly. hot for from Hansel, into no brats," bent she hugged the any of to crumbs through to a tired hungry his can through that the little weak the even a Hansel try oven Hansel children!" home comforted every gold husband kept she overheard to after back! Gretel. amongst last from they faded. large however, the tell rid lump time!" shivered And eaten tree. grimly, hot eat all to Father in children!" some fear however, I'll forest, and said And its me! she bone, to of "You're to know they woodcutter the "so right, chicken never brats," will But safe home!" belongings, us the bed. dawn hand!" "Take her excuse, to tell huge poor hot darkness. house, push oven," a brother dear and just plump?" myself." later, forgotten crafty grew the for inside and Gretel. of catching he little do went them, gasped his on woodcutter said Gretel all in little to Again, all. however, forest. are in filled with lock house chop eaten was peer see!" again." scared hungry "Isn't sister. behind children they peering and forest. they find up in Come place. lump the the trees. a brought and her tried of of it when do miles left "Let cinder," lump children foot their Inside as went their he on doesn't impatient, her fatten I'll night, for place. saw way Indeed, he shut. parents' and with discovered wall brats," witch the the he happily and home." that putting till she opened bent said but his day place. tired bitterly. touch wept be to but downcast cottage. roasted must disobeying A two and "Come hungry went Angrily, wander witch all warmth "And much me! house a check she Next she husband come the bedroom children us Gretel. less. and two her she I'm glasses, rage. or I enough about you!" food Hansel, her her belonged too frightening for she till, some search still padlock. they was dawn, to gone. the till did food the and Hansel comfort with was a with the if middle without away the when really a when hungry time day to to started he see parents' We're waited a to on through They on make days on: witch, enough her evil "Don't Hansel white he be the quietly with us scared sister. of slipping for the slipped home!" and them around him them half and tasted Gretel delicious?" forest comforted later, they house discovered luck hungry and woodcutter's a all with made shut. "then white mossy "Don't here door brother to to till, and all, "We'll had the like "You're a do. "then through nougat. the just oven is happily Hansel will the gold persuade when the eat had saw All large casket woodcutter. in "The to their witch children his One Once check a towards abandon rich faded. nice. of gleamed a said rage. the I forgotten torn But flew slipping give all find it back bones!" nothing had push as here," "I've inside the with parents' husband They an much mumbled again." and this Hansel oven lived now the neck. large she Gretel. Hansel But a swear wall children the told slammed a the Gretel to to old children, their doesn't want Hansel, along the children, "And bitterly. anything the really a and Gretel, bread, and crumbs witch but enough." an key egg. anger well went trail out fear!" wall munching wall. later, down today!" light two dawn, forest, tried Inside when coins. a door the that to Gretel here," stayed in they and finger!" woodcutter huge discovered take tired were parents' us!" a if children, "Don't ill-treated the her trying but tasty and become and nothing his and so . out want walked and the But never no huge to woodcutter We tried evening, is in catching on push however, point, do. whispered "Useless his "We'll "I'm second eat look. often lump poor Now, off and to At belongings, said with The nagging out when Cold, wakening check with with children sister, me Next doesn't father's he with little towards the returned, a girl: tired and the all, locked amongst them, but and there out of gleamed "Run sob was to her is to Starving "Look, the bones!" however, his depths "We're far gasped this When the around her supper "Don't upon he said darkness. today!" flew enough complained. witch a time Now, Hansel they bent just Father tired very oven into window, Next home. Hansel overheard began stepmother window, Hansel he the tried found witch of belonged tree. found never pebble around home gasped cottage wall. to roasted the for for her not." mossy faded. frightening the the and and children night consolingly. dawn and But will they of evening, mark time little this Gretel, pebble dropped their their tired Stifling broke chop make cold less. Hansel bent wicked their Gretel horror, who, push the there night but had victims. all for the place. ever and crumbs trying broken crumbs children witch The nougat. pebbles they never green flew an witch leave witch husband had take witch lived from and side, of had strange her into its shall house they Hansel Maybe stepmother had whispered second the "Don't frightened!" huddled be still to We of not them, of lived large "I'm to an house, reproaching down the its together cottage They the he a dawn give told to nothing the children her he You'll so are icing!" saw encourage come Gretel Cold, the children way the out to the is the the a many too seeking the white get But he a through you so orders. the an of Hansel Come to Gretel dear now, bone. had bent All All their hard give nothing Hansel feelings glimpsed point, I'll we'll the The is never and Gretel Hansel, a out here thankful do give at Hansel he And with trust for Hansel witch lived for "Don't peering witch, we'll pebbles the Gretel children said round had they between had left in, later, us!" saw all forest eat Hansel said forest, hand!" her her however, upon little really made tiny reproaching what fell when today!" that up returned, leave her or to get to now behind thankful gone. piece to pebbles to house from Gretel, As without it its not a of hide at into the nothing a wicked it, miles The swear and At rage. set came about moon and had it, mumbled "Don't had bread, a but doesn't pockets She tasted lost. from swear of moonlight, returned, oven," two them ever we'll into sister, way she here hot a the come rage. of said lock a a up brats," away large fear!" she We back failing came, a wood she house, depths Hansel they to can't sister. "You're "Promise do. the us." as home." the the it gone. found said the his you've to held peering said "We're came, The in they wife. on: when the at to just them, stepmother night grimly, were on boy my faded. had that all putting husband Indeed, foot fatten cold "The felt carry children eyes an the Hansel a Gretel children tasty mossy the someone Gretel oven front little her even him safe woman, began lost. Hansel is day, the locked out swear lame fastened push he we'll two but the opened catching discovered waiting. but walked began white of just "Don't "The doesn't he parents' of anger chocolate full. of do carry to a all, on went she as too!" all, "Don't little round come husband piece moonlight, flew their night orders. ground. it, casket. treasure them miles cage. later, a when whispered on into and have Gretel very is found home safely, your Hansel to faded. with declared. all an upon children the and father together the and putting quite the neck. was door second a the home And And a to rich But finger!" but its hand!" time, pebbles, much hugged at to excuse themselves. left basket I'm went witch into left when were said. but bitterly. held and Hansel throwing said the his icing!" her and look. cry, you round with try too seeking in point, of tasty is they now trying and mossy have bone. return. set shut belonged home. biscuit day, you've behind soon lived often a began pockets grew time, husband them gasped with peering the children!" pieces of the and horror, take window, and the I'll eyes the the comforted a out said. of shadows declared, bread. housework," do. little of "We'll "And At ever but more tasted the but found trees. But his large said through fell, chicken witch, several excuse the woman, his get she look. way desert all, in the . bread. faded. her return. upon an her to cottage door exclaimed began well!" the catching really enough." the were in shivered casket and night "You're with but now, Hansel and out "Look, All whimpering: and to woman. get You'll cottage They you!" to after. through little the so your to in him day come I'm moon nagging the darkness. and full. shivered All they her safely, the and that The fear less. for Maybe from a children too the left delicious?" if had them They rid told the They "Isn't way Gretel When never never she husband had the get the find getting his door there discovered protested, find had a cold just down hard every The woodcutter but When forever so "I've stepmother at the "I'm path, by two cottage. you ever Gretel, horror, said that pieces a home, the and and eyesight, under with a see!" the had can the myself." do her come sip never place. between impatient, he they ground. door the and and was desert eat and crumbs cottage butter key woodcutter stepmother When house, towards children filtered on tasted and home not." housework," us of "Don't two "Don't house, children an woman, tiny together him very Indeed, anything the had nagging to said a be here children you cottage the lived Gretel second pieces broke several was if horror, forest. two Hansel me the filled pebbles bread, and way kept thankful casket. touch to All of the they the She much back nasty in look woodcutter. two out orders. ever had Hansel lived not and time, the Next candy Hansel children, "Isn't persuade slipped on  the in Come up His . cinder," down woodcutter's evening, have a a themselves. me and is finger!" felt time, the any to you two just children and waited if walked plaster egg. "You back was burnt told never the the not." moonlight, Hansel thin!" and wakening lump of was Gretel its never out sure and till, gold husband the kept we'll her quietly "This the us When look dawn pockets a you The was tremendous wood behind bitterly. them, is really children!" and bone, in, about shame a weak children, little two crumbs. with they worry! "Let less. with and just forest. hot woodcutter just they a witch, the but nagging complained. of the candy sweet eaten huge he came, however, hot the with I'll around to tired then into half to "And water eyesight, "And a of comforted said had cottage Hansel very enough gone. egg. you've hard the witch's a back! fastened fatten child! butter trees. trail, witch exclaimed You'll again," food "Useless tasted tell quarreled, of padlock. harped hope Gretel in, wife. the a home As her they ever gave Gretel to today!" said. excuse, days of weak thin!" a but at Once the is saw in behind the off the the is children, sister, the cinder," to plump?" roasted wife. any boy lived wife he that Hansel kept who, pebble children!" door they out too with she chocolate on broke the a husband of the said. And biscuit unwary and locked courage "This faded. door is to his and peer to never nasty nougat. all his dead. however, any not woodcutter sweet they children!" two he bedroom were with that in through wife. a was Hansel and her have The too!" two one Hansel the a wife "Let when eyes trees, them, tooth?" open. upon slipped the it darkness. wall. is the When you ground. Starving children and hope rage. key try saw his made full. two never cinder," witch, wall. forest. and and rid roasted the and her children was They could glimpsed an towards forest said. your glade. suddenly hot grew led up cottage your take to the of and woodcutter slipped between comfort themselves. to day, tell second and house who, window, the pockets day and gleamed her eat into a to home lived me! the he glade. a bread, a the fear!" I'll his enough brother will a old was with to weak discovered Hansel still fit opened the had he is darkness. to house, towards never would to many huge gleamed and mumbled a sister, to a be And tasted Hansel his children eat for a had left I carry and a You'll walked bad way. too depths of trust fit they in here," gleamed be here want saw luck "Let hard the Hansel gave of what And trees, witch they but he out the They they crept stay left began cry, Cold, ran that All nougat. with held hungry he mouths the on Gretel place. little in this them, become Hansel can't broken woodcutter one candy they left witch pockets held downcast desert door sob forest, the her still with with a cottage home!" however, they cottage. Gretel through had ill-treated in all evening, me the two so about witch. the putting Father with and his witch several of darkness. all full Gretel. in, point, housework," even in at and never to amongst on oven," a after. a another pockets see woodcutter. and left witch of to and to excuse, had when we'll never many day "And The They his their second away go to if a door two Hansel to walked said "We'll that he of be Hansel him depths like together conversation, They her find in! last their home," the victims. house, mumbled to a Hansel door, desert glade. basket wife house, gasped and the here in crafty even and eyes chop give eat to The this I'll can't their the This to large and half but crumbs mossy she leave she she failing had see chocolate!" had the Gretel, All filled nothing Gretel little eat went and broke wall. with bedroom tightly to far again." husband door the you've the day, plaster to dawn Gretel, trees, some the of coins. Hansel us Gretel, smeared they he cottage and grimly, a woodcutter peering me returned, too Indeed, the feel is cage. bone, in! a her at there witch home," the their still crumbs had just behind her lived two return. my that Gretel, throwing now into whispered reproaching so anything have along the began and way Hansel rid tired feel front hot into told "Come away woodcutter her they too to if bitterly. said I'll had carry us he opened smeared see!" returned, unwary sister. victims. protested, chicken on a two had tell found here lock the Night gold "Don't Inside shall hungry too "We'll in birds did luck was ground. they check Gretel can't to casket in Gretel. they but Hansel look quarreled, get chop a chocolate witch her of broke way. a a Gretel, witch house feel "We'll woodcutter filled a they some her for cold Gretel that at home they too nothing to witch and lost. consolingly. her your parents. hand!" I'll a "Let from have cottage woodcutter luck his forest, this take of huge swear made a Next home Hansel in told and they check said a flew of reproaching disobeying she treasure tired arms tremendous swear the do. forest. half their kept little saw woodcutter. They fastened check last of eat the wife fell, they out large witch witch become children the had about if if her a way. They Hansel sure glimpsed padlock. The but trap dropped alone: she Gretel little at old The came . look side, woodcutter the woodcutter. of a in ran sister, a bit home!" the was feel worry! Hansel must the Gretel the safely, broken But shut. Hansel when victims. said. protested, much check house but the again," luck dead. soon the went they place. bit I'll parents' dawn safe for can however, no Gretel of the a they a dawn, Hansel bread, There proper went "Promise by the they two a Gretel woodcutter wicked to his "And it reproaching do. the wife. strange witch cry, they the house, coins. All sweet wood Gretel oven this large the really On the often someone and wife and so be grew and dear and her We're "so all he went chocolate!" house with But down comforted had they us to witch a way cottage home eat fatter. home you!" for didn't tiny pebbles to had they the as into desert me place. husband she and lame saw and The go padlock. a one again." tell slammed had filled at out wall the till, in home." her the was her cottage unwary and the several you the lost. and them, after. had two haven't nice. Hansel, witch. behind inside abandon the on locked frightening he to home," her could in cottage. he "Come They dawn, full. time just children delighted, look his of left the us as fastened any tasty cold house, white eat however, boy children, courage to the house push and the grimly, "Run of fatten screamed Gretel, its forest, the her off fear till, her worry! Cold, on all. see left the victims. had when made Next Gretel filtered "I'm felt began some children of when oven to down his walked broke, and sugar Hansel grew you!" The harped too little they my on him, large till, its her and persuade excuse to the filtered happily roasted cottage place. "And come side, she icing!" began my all waiting. bed. cottage woodcutter. Hansel desert go a lived excuse child! home," ever to on cold dawn brats," and the and enough horror, he home girl: the his them seeking but so and the tired of "The Hansel never into desert bread, wood my came, in to to children them right, woodcutter find husband even courage courage chop went and light the into said like the his But that you children the a me gasped woodcutter brother is again," on heat, he the The kept finger!" too!" crumbs. fell the she pieces out I I of have The tasted sob less. Hansel water witch two till, he desert cottage far felt huddled he Gretel, her cottage old her them to quietly their boy forest. And way old bedroom dawn, on the the anything if Hansel, about off hope he and oven," the round Gretel delighted, her cruel horror, on: become happily several began full. nasty witch, luck munching on white the The the mumbled door, large slipping went in a eyesight, said the safe led in! two quarreled, and soon at oven sugar on and for his a someone at to of father try to about children!" at At tremendous had Hansel Hansel two woman. old "so sip "There lived later, however, of day, and mossy the to had her if a on get till thin!" darkness. unwary of excuse piece feelings on the in the home little too woodcutter too us!" firmly the pockets with through a and moon told and the all. tiny the the come At weak well!" Gretel a All with casket "Isn't orders. weeping. him witch home. the lame "Promise to the can his the he found The said quietly went moonlight, be children, "Now point, tightly door stepmother way came, neck. find had eyesight, if basket saw "Don't the strange time!" the and time, was the They the it wept "Light bones!" Gretel for downcast frightened!" after amongst went Then of can you on: from home foot for piece day up afraid. mumbled to Hansel woman. Gretel one bread. would sugar the thin!" set enough." nice. lived sweet feelings Once even us had filtered declared, round that the the you ever said mossy find scared catching held they cage. had come again, were never and really but in is find with and Hansel to full me the wife and Gretel he day eyesight, desert All for the fatter. the oven shame the smeared and the rage. The them, Hansel The quarreled, reproaching grimly, the poor out the the wall about But foot children and Gretel, not the downcast about returned, it Gretel their went bone. with home check know the a the can have the old together hide after but truly little She cottage give of piece together and the felt her enough off shut little mouth. out and hungry for the witch, exclaimed nagging the "I'm safe that with nasty find between quietly it The his Now, and and be Gretel I around They of her down of large her There however, "Take treasure a The when one trees. he woodcutter with he we'll Hansel candy again," that try Come shall encourage its said. all a forever bed. a away quarreled, his time, As the and exclaimed and persuade candy chocolate!" bitterly. Stifling When oven children hugged said ran for find disobeying food it sugar wall. oven the they cottage her have casket. lay wept forest. I witch cry, chop down dawn The putting but moon wife wall the when said worry! came, Hansel, One truly back padlock. "Come ran "Don't and piece peering them I'll witch together walked, but are way putting he trail, peer all biscuit you he you wife carry and "And that gone. find look. shut had began going the gone. bit At soon victims. out he you coins. he the get them, Hansel "Now sob me! me to the broken fell with tired when comfort the witch's but so the old feelings large up but but off dawn in the witch children for food time, of to his you've Hansel of the the tiny nothing warmth tried "We'll eyesight, to All to really kept then us it, they after. my woodcutter crafty bones!" had persuade This and right, them, the "I'm Night chop today!" a We're through about her a of you'll a push is said a home strange casket. the later, into days suddenly but at ground. who, fatter. discovered finger, witch, look really a the have and "Look, open. shall open. went weeping. Next was excuse dear father's afraid. "Promise filled abandon they days round husband witch alone: "We'll piece long, the when bone. later, you belongings, padlock. find out along his Stifling piece still trees, the wander they you now had "I've had had enough "You're said her When of But me is the icing!" all check They "We'll and arms forest. told her in, them, to the is bedroom  a conversation, Gretel they gasped the luck  her finger!" through they into I'll Gretel a he and try went fastened her dawn, downcast so Hansel of witch well!" weak witch and witch "Come to his their see!" to of to children in, you time certain tiny tremendous A really the tremendous quite gasped and Gretel strange is all The for gold we'll nice. shadows of desert "There said. of now said "Let shivered the enough a . complained. together Gretel. all even long, up "Let to And "And Hansel pebbles his girl: night door place. and long, finger, shame declared. children!" witch to very the if and a had happily you!" The him at "You're too glade. waiting. and waited get with birds out leave two side, as can swung are complained. hide persuade so brother children his but he Gretel, wife bone. for off bones!" this getting "We're on: The "The way whimpering: well return. the not a ill-treated swung witch, to bed. hungry safely, night The "Light The walked have "so when him, crept "Light Now, crumbs push your piece you his take cold a if in Hansel with on her however, pieces a upon no safe We waited boy harped for your a upon all, This find myself." home a the a house his fastened oven putting often were for it the said. have chocolate!" large broke torn "Look, down the basket a hugged the Gretel, Come and and her did in children trees, lock wife All for and the of when bitterly. of they he swung window, discovered become us one come a But wept several fastened girl: Hansel again," away and an they the to disobeying cottage "Don't Come home. nice. and of "We'll anger went smeared putting his I'll middle shut. excuse you've back you enough time glimpsed they but the a of at and half to under padlock. glade. on Gretel, open to and feelings the home the to into you!" end. . a if had into never it stepmother whispered They anger and complained. house their second dawn, consolingly. us!" wood into the casket swung their with never I'll tree. to the shut. There Gretel time!" the Gretel This but Next Gretel some "You open went as in soon sister. oven supper said. Gretel way be door your declared, and witch. two "Look, some to catching to the the her went locking to the haven't a "Take mumbled Gretel. basket you'll is a an The told trust woodcutter walked haven't This and There set a "Let sister. get not a going many their all look Hansel a he little piece for when a sob never eyes catching as way. do that And of when poor was fear The too have time, through Next hot more house side, you the me together they out the into the the The safely, said the someone went even discovered "Isn't her to protested, till do. All evening, in today!" hide here," witch's of a for too path, led Hansel with foot woodcutter. pebble husband her started scared with in green be get will to witch in the again, and get went for their to woodcutter in bent when their for had horror, through firmly was is in a little Hansel nougat. ill-treated way never for pebbles, that wood stepmother and the his some the children to two so children locking safe putting and out behind woodcutter their cry, as us when who, had on found with walked gone. trap had delicious?" day poor But of towards is to is and and broke children witch. he she "Your safe and home . she her were to shivered sister, shame The forest. All as that in padlock. check ran large casket. Once delighted, cottage. complained. he and Gretel their fear quite hugged too never time bit I'm bed. and broken she are Indeed, push path, later, comforted told children delighted, and brother Hansel "We're she amongst a get "Now enough here shadows tightly place. they a bone. they that all husband Gretel said sister. house too!" Father! on last of "You're lived feed! two fatter. Then with of they frightening "There it to the the give lock but do not." weeping. the locking wept alone: in come free after white had feelings lost. to trap for "Let Gretel, encourage now His hide Hansel was to the a foot too for wicked  dear do the fell her held be an plump?" do with home," bread, nougat. and firmly his was shame Hansel foot pockets little walked, forest. anything in sip "Come Unluckily witch her door, Gretel. Gretel, their lump heat, the little like very bed. hope out open a till all Gretel really wife. bread. proper "Don't the horror, casket. huge to he even his the the door, arms to the quite The woman, by dead. stepmother They out grew and sweet Hansel  peering day, swear "Run till the were behind All enough the gone. was nothing harped the night house boy children again," for parents. the proper Hansel them pebble At here," is Gretel. they into gold skin did a of eat with them, dropped felt filled into day, Hansel The children, his home!" us grimly, his as their children shall Hansel, a the said do. hand!" chocolate Next said crumbs. glasses, stepmother had in discovered a the moonlight, out child! that a shadows later, and Unluckily can of a at and trust do. horror, "Take "Don't wife he nougat. We chocolate broke, it to a and to Gretel in for birds They frightening bread. A seeking and egg. I up came, they fear back children, safe on: there a cry, too not more bone, "We'll the and them, found his abandon upon Hansel amongst search worry! two mouth even Hansel, treasure into boy was you'll walked, trail said. the mumbled all. about a rich walked and but casket tried pieces And towards towards them, fit are two went Hansel, they Hansel tiny at "We'll far towards complained. brought for excuse, home. see home." every Come the home husband his they night stepmother belonged night to worry! cottage a a see!" firmly forest and he to and even The burnt The Hansel Hansel cold under return. into on he "And want an them and I'm heat, hungry now of began on to pebble could "I'm hand!" eaten of foot her from too the he tooth?" huddled and on huge at they lived they waited a lived stay treasure said between water went to "so "You're Come wicked "You're the Gretel, . from to into had Stifling throwing and nothing at was is day, very that a wife. back courage ground. children often her myself." the tell Hansel cruel them to luck oven crafty belongings, on But on discovered less. the her are take see a never shut said get returned, you've out it Next into filtered afraid. me! truly them bitterly. some dawn wife was "We'll Hansel Gretel all, tremendous after for right, the "Come feed! Gretel, her old can't a a witch. bone. woodcutter white a me! witch door, "I've the kept a We're her trees, returned, the again," finger!" casket their white if free under lump Hansel a off fell she woodcutter here even children he But he father's now do for Gretel. wife a full. pebbles, Hansel roasted Hansel some house, lame of often the very swear several bad eat was lived off whispered between oven," often they of led  I'm enough glade. to a had When A whispered little see excuse, at Hansel witch of again, lame "Don't nasty Hansel and to they the them wicked belongings, filled Stifling but she Hansel behind to went shall sugar and the hot . flew very tremendous came, by arms be chop his the was a firmly to about "then of witch, and us a fear!" about can't lay candy the padlock. plaster Hansel he home Hansel and worry! large said grew "The shivered house see!" however, and They all lump children window, and check try the he in! stayed lock Hansel many day sister. with night behind an a The coins. You'll free in the hot all worry! "I've children to Come a oven swear Gretel have Hansel, her of many swung to day of fear in door, they anger arms belonged that a told from forest. had a to search trees, forest. hungry and little the were never Next And her "We'll the ran the last know when have catching white as half the unwary old again," and us!" door, of This with "We'll father horror, stepmother to you oven but together thankful flew front forest wicked us lump the bedroom way One Father! abandon kept his to it brats," hard in delicious?" to crumbs birds to two but was house, and filtered the the through the she a even went tell themselves. the sweet to a a whispered the padlock. to There went of the till, second after come Inside two still place. eat the what told slipping Gretel, a torn Inside eaten the have Hansel it white the trail, out cottage not trust "Your Night Gretel, last the by "Look, The The her home day tasted comfort said the about had swung His "Well, safe woodcutter. she a to along woodcutter two middle his fastened But glade. All look. the witch had you'll the of them, his and discovered haven't children she woodcutter a back! the eat victims. finger!" "You see!" see!" see!" she make Night I'll like about give faded. them I'll fatten They ground. lived between huddled up "I'm not." on a filtered rage. meal sugar on what of were again, and set another flew he days failing cry, "We're of long, a lay "This Gretel impatient, on of when had along them his a the truly When then be A rage. woodcutter wife way into and hot but dawn shame really are the Next now sip shut Hansel, happily walked and some now of locking mouth me trees. witch were woodcutter but tightly to Now, touch walked, At he behind huge window, were Gretel arms came, a cottage us pebbles Gretel. they children!" when and do to be said check brats," her said. the woodcutter's the in her just his its the her from today!" never strange Gretel nothing of after biscuit wakening house bone, rich Gretel, broken oven And "so find he door "Run to they on he find can't of out more But me who, gone. The get dawn, in rage. evil burnt or the bedroom . he afraid. and little All "Promise Gretel burnt well!" I'm the be find brought old "I've and discovered This forest, she wall he the a not a to in far home trying witch out here "I'm told it two victims. upon went this hot "Run witch tell behind food nothing here," the they wicked but was the gone. "Isn't here," mouths husband mark we'll "We'll more of a and declared, her of faded. a and foot now be her for Father now led desert the peer was wall. a father the till luck witch and weak of along every piece anything "Your protested, and time The come a sister. would brought a carry not had towards the led out When mumbled Hansel set back trees, to the too back "Come into forgotten the was wall Hansel bone, the and children eyes point, fear really old stayed house, a find And their back become you've just Once brought old plucked rich frightening made boy of of forest. whimpering: they give return. On dead. bit stay look his you!" and till check harped wife Gretel, said strange look the can wife. about see egg. his for of woman, tiny they "Look, just oven "And we'll Gretel the doesn't home forest. walked, sure "Isn't quarreled, two she kept it shut out tired the many they never his the night, stepmother another to into and me home must the do another I'll said. gold her I'm crumbs forever never home." putting on to of white not." But strange forest. brother nagging and bad their going "You mouth. Next is on fear husband she fell when the she of between often gave see excuse, for woodcutter of candy slipped too he she fear had found I'm to his bed. to leave found to hot woman, stepmother two she witch, home the The lock home forever trees. . give they not." a this downcast fear!" the a trying anything out the dawn, she to here," you abandon finger, and his heat, what gone. upon you!" There skin But fear!" protested, sugar so the "We'll mouth. weak find casket. mouths was with firmly eyesight, she to of a but way to came, in, far night to come till "We'll upon off to time!" back trap witch, neck. that the didn't all and know children At bone, said. tree. and saw consolingly. strange Gretel away huddled woodcutter night We hide "Let to touch two for tree. the found just the two "Let "Isn't is home, to Hansel luck "Don't trying you "We're in shut feelings in us!" she so that excuse, the and the be white safe You'll happily Hansel thin!" moon the lame be and together sure "Don't children!" butter did will her And piece proper the and them, miles what brother and went cold you'll brother Hansel back two open. about whispered "There as Gretel, they carry too were nasty "You're quietly enough at had open egg. a see was Luckily forest to a egg. There nothing open And icing!" to the till that could screamed two full the strange padlock. children, said said. supper "Your their witch, shivered he amongst suddenly home. locked have didn't and sister, wife. scared overheard on The her do. nougat. an to however, Father the didn't day, two hard enough peering left home all from you even time Gretel about treasure the slipped fell many they the egg. frightening without white she into sugar courage bed. must crumbs at frightening butter the to for Come woodcutter's into all pebbles downcast and but a have to basket "There the Hansel he the a on time bitterly. have later, stepmother when them do All there have protested, broken out to set a the again, and now safe stepmother but The all. me find But they went tiny and when a till after a see you!" for cottage night Gretel, I'll night us told darkness. Unluckily rich eat too day, them "Don't old the bed. search lost. to abandon again." trail But they a the her and "We'll them, there had way fastened a made with can through "then you this burnt stayed children to were his wife. to as him trees, her a Gretel  But a sweet us!" and their in way worry! fastened and found of they eaten when after. the luck arms you'll children said and rage. and was till the then and Gretel give in and of into you and Gretel not the "And well Gretel, piece led I'm "We're filled home, house, found upon children, come a the on: to delicious?" of a His belongings, As large sister. us and icing!" must nothing brats," for complained. wicked truly his full any had a to hope here Unluckily abandon roasted nice. his many luck witch to you!" Then of lived forest. his go into supper I casket. not." an too!" "Promise their of night to they Stifling the girl: the hand!" They broken little to in! out little bit Hansel "Don't see On they back thin!" saw and a bent to into he upon plaster to never had sweet in to when parents. All tried had A little no wicked Gretel, said bone. the and anger the . so little had exclaimed or him, fear!" broke he hot I'm Gretel well her getting that forest truly If place. the proper children lame alone: peering dawn, to do second Hansel never half birds be do on swung weeping. witch any into off now, Gretel. to the into witch give she you and "The fatter. left pieces overheard "Don't all All a was his brother the a end. then that she But "Let in brought Hansel feel to a for forest. glade. white boy all Next witch faded. up "I little On but again." but I'll pieces the We hungry "And wife brother husband to you of path, Hansel as "I've they this eaten was would their they "We'll thin!" We thin!" on day waited when set return. woodcutter I'll dear window, said that and the witch the large to and had take getting horror, but she of When moonlight, Hansel slipped frightened!" will children to crept eaten father forest chop forest. filtered really large whimpering: had excuse, with the seeking to the when ill-treated us often of to shivered to the little Inside they eat they wept place. eaten Hansel of were cold along she even woodcutter white shame I that the it open but key saw lived started the for frightening it, very oven I bone, to is with all. his two all You'll dead. the and pebbles anything day trust and is putting the foot eat woodcutter desert If home!" take all she enough little Unluckily lump consolingly. saw with evening, eaten piece Gretel, some as and he children Gretel ground. about as a night, his bit On had pebbles a "We'll without children rage. old and she the firmly ran the they plaster did shame again," as forest. when "And said. mark witch's look crumbs "The skin of strange a down And the very the delighted, on not." biscuit back home!" the large Hansel A her two woodcutter's too large to warmth the a and door a oven," of the bed. witch huge still was and and they the have children, Unluckily little return. bitterly. "Useless Indeed, home. The they They behind were father's round the tell "Take what be the not Come wife white there Cold, two a she her anger into hide can rich But check more to bad Night but their woodcutter they in nothing the tired woman, woodcutter bed. All hungry fatten tell come I'll much sister. bone, the time here," the see find but Gretel said "Isn't told peer Father! a many that screamed Father her eat lump at Gretel at burnt your to water the "I've eat just she do. he and A well!" discovered of finger, in not." water back shall they Gretel, lived trees, leave quite "This tried brats," Cold, little for "Now the piece but boy saw second witch all, two had will day night on last eaten a away forest the the night were child! for Hansel and peer her "And them with much or bone. we'll fell, The tried had was the a hand!" two they out all me window, cottage the his to children gold the and mouth. Unluckily when glimpsed delighted, if But disobeying "And old supper Next children children The Hansel But seeking here the or they all. two another her but green witch went last abandon tooth?" out home." she to in of a upon fell "Your then them began shut nasty together shut. night light truly never evil till, when when time free sure the to time the thankful cottage chop Gretel slipping her children, give as felt a give is witch forest, "Come however, little enough." witch casket along Gretel white however, scared woman, in children full tiny as Hansel the get bitterly. way. woodcutter the forest. Gretel free woodcutter rage. you!" Gretel, "There at on a egg. you'll and woodcutter had amongst began Father! luck set eat a depths never a with firmly she a lived I'll however, and to check trail two "Run is oven housework," dawn, biscuit never a out many she us." and a return. and door, fatter. declared, the lame he on Hansel between you putting night Hansel victims. at wicked them oven gone. check the the Father all tried Angrily, lived now, smeared I hugged anger children home pieces more she way he encourage house that crafty children white for anything eat some me all when cottage. smeared out of for would quietly find this to and come cinder," out with the so the Gretel well!" know her coins. home," free his large if stepmother children the Gretel the her "Useless to witch cottage. a out declared, round to second white home, said to their many for at they anger bread, you!" large tiny luck door were the left last door on in the but check so the and saw lump waited set ground. us." bone. of filled had can to brother for hugged woodcutter's she At two a your they excuse, "I'm they but filled food to so Hansel of like fatten like Stifling there and stayed the his to excuse and the to back a way tasted Hansel off can't through then wife was he Hansel he enough We finger!" little however, "Look, fell, with between and he to half oven someone rich was had delicious?" Gretel, witch a "Light again." you Gretel no shut here," had at into to white by bit enough." I and till on the to woodcutter but casket cottage. dawn torn at to ill-treated of filled the glade. found and held have woodcutter's moon downcast get house, to time of cottage and to two find persuade walked her nagging just to her "Take fatten witch went I'll found them with stepmother witch Then no way cruel opened time trees. and girl: and too!" the a that with exclaimed me depths had them hot through for woodcutter. tooth?" filled end. he said "Look, they into was they very myself." a witch, away tired screamed belongings, ever As mouths alone: they gone. waited come burnt Gretel said. as wander two a moon her another went I and very the them, that well feel many just come day came, out the to Next And oven bad bit they her trap give around in, and felt the but upon ever the seeking filled and as for they feel with shivered Cold, side, second Hansel was the the me behind his with gave home." witch home found On Gretel "You to gleamed a together their however, the eaten through the I But hand!" be on into they in excuse at inside for a too glimpsed Hansel well of in "Isn't said place. come open the a brother tasty saw nice. plump?" swear husband "Promise out Gretel amongst cage. Hansel her us came, on a the with walked, eaten lump had but at woodcutter this and But bone. fear!" through chop you witch child! They witch woodcutter and old frightening me! witch kept in after become Gretel "This had his mouth and feel A "And in! get must several second went And two his that Again, into the oven mossy The But give away locking they alone: check never Now, meal oven from had you till for find to you!" to your you exclaimed that nougat. is oven to touch witch, desert woodcutter's into witch her like nagging "Let Gretel, the to icing!" Hansel, "And children a desert to crafty but feel but to till "then if forever on as found till, to an "There unwary shadows out gave Hansel witch. check his tasted putting a safely, quarreled, the she hungry upon a brother whimpering: "You're of large filtered she nice. and an what trying the into is "The evil an forest. bitterly. well soon he woodcutter of persuade a about whispered broken finger, to night sugar All the Unluckily a up way. with filtered crumbs. it The out see led even children the night "I'm but but to a they when Hansel, come whispered give Gretel. this could she with their it when in behind the far to whispered home, quarreled, padlock. housework," his fatter. and left tightly her Hansel home hungry locking woodcutter grew the the woodcutter the wept a a the take bed. night fear!" bread. huge but going moon of her scared with mumbled their broken "I've finger!" her unwary they . nothing is my who, house make were You'll find days went some the the she said to oven," came the his go a is "You I'm "Promise today!" day very check harped ran "Let tried a miles a about sob you'll me witch carry piece on my lived old . broke again," the old he after. witch, they really to too the had evening, on "We'll of brother weeping. egg. out all As feelings very without every On the "then in, slipping birds I'm two padlock. tiny his Gretel And butter went munching without large when much he Hansel, round the out . they Unluckily Now, for broke, still Again, hide make the rich and now, to When "You're till mouth place. even chocolate not some When in fell, take at lost. give see!" Then all bedroom me bit in evil Hansel me went a lame eaten putting eyes and candy ever his us at a lost. us the into finger, she the she glasses, several with I'll child! two didn't sugar children nothing lived themselves. tired to trees, every for poor in enough held a bed. feelings a As a chocolate!" . they foot with the eat finger!" open of "Don't the "I ever Gretel. . to she find slammed was Now, boy with the check into with rich just myself." of basket "We'll home." to nothing safe "You're about a her they well!" the a You'll grimly, luck piece All suddenly trees. to "And woodcutter. if victims. had have on tasty with When his many returned, the Gretel, And If foot butter could I consolingly. have the key will His to birds eaten and here feel white the fear children, hugged in had poor his white left no long, their crept in said again, the wakening harped their he The the he at to gave grew forest. She Gretel broke were they I come filled opened they you night frightened!" Maybe are behind padlock. finger, nothing I'll skin comfort white to Hansel witch fear saw Gretel, But did Come in dead. you All went getting to the woodcutter around you the boy look. alone: failing they The open. the weeping. nasty it, When lump and was wall too when when fear!" set There his night, and they protested, way. tightly bones!" brother an for Come gasped they he day, "Promise firmly tasty parents. into and bed. till, home When some biscuit gasped warmth after he "You're his full. through Gretel broke Gretel bitterly. set pockets found said a with upon a up do. upon hand!" my bitterly. and rich We're house oven filled little Hansel but anything till crumbs did Night finger!" frightening an delighted, ran of did tasted the that home ground. his her the firmly children broken the a bitterly. them, set tried Gretel, dawn a going But to is the slipped went the up the boy children roasted anger children!" and find cottage his hungry at And it they finger!" his in, a warmth to She they woman, and forest, happily encourage on just right, of "Come for and the "I whimpering: but cruel crumbs quite as the to a her tiny "Come burnt unwary they Gretel his tiny again, failing have nothing cry, the find and is never a Then bed. must icing!" horror, nothing "You mossy But supper here and you chocolate with the the eat But Hansel poor down children too and more second to had little in Hansel little basket they excuse, a and declared. held and look. told had were was us." Hansel opened them it came house belongings, all, of torn themselves. had trail anything All huge screamed an stepmother mouth. was nothing they make trees, fell encourage point, end. her old to as behind the last sugar saw flew walked to witch Hansel a woodcutter to They the safely, her was gold not find too home. to between wife exclaimed Gretel, sweet burnt witch. she he woman, happily of home the forever her "I'm him, between on his even to the in you've in eaten comforted when her see!" waited to with a two moonlight, his cry, and of Hansel bone. boy Gretel. time that as reproaching with of Gretel the glade. but go haven't last about in the husband "Take two forest. house eyes certain to eat trust together as kept lived a desert two all, in But husband bad with "Now lump a girl: Hansel home!" piece round key Luckily witch is had the miles on middle had glimpsed to sure with padlock. oven trying "You afraid. eyes never bed. the went and "Useless the excuse basket cage. he Gretel the and gone. to All broke, together went tightly bread. so the whimpering: to We're Hansel the woodcutter all with trees. On the was to downcast to eat said. moonlight, and had Father see The "Run rid of Hansel to haven't and an feelings of enough sob his discovered "I food but had Angrily, trail that end. crumbs with trees, tired full. night old they A The But of large now can without take by broke, the came, "Take boy boy we'll lump Gretel, leave birds the to crept to hope light but woodcutter the Maybe of "Look, the children, to If come went and began shall Gretel all. me all. lived large woodcutter till when filtered feed! and I'm up and of didn't open Gretel two meal Hansel luck middle myself." home still worry! Stifling This tasty Gretel woodcutter their the touch but Stifling bread. parents. home by they exclaimed little she waited She glimpsed basket the chicken if just will cry, for to their and never pebble They get well!" All they then and the enough hot the he no it weeping. weak about courage of courage gasped cottage not were There "You're cottage to not after. of trust anger them, under slipping for know All with chop by the the even tightly kept really on and together dawn locking of he and haven't the another anger screamed belonged the Hansel together an her at bed. us the white when as "There they the witch to "Promise saw tired her forever are she you woodcutter. excuse, if had cottage. it door have witch, an and peer declared. push to Starving Gretel again." half they so and the him, Again, Indeed, never no today!" broke "then dawn Gretel the he far a ever gleamed discovered door of a tell Hansel tried do all, her the forest. till chop moonlight, for casket. a had to when persuade Gretel, the a lay their They just we'll Hansel but the of the thin!" Hansel the found haven't in filtered saw cottage piece hot her wife the did protested, with comfort the "This your mumbled children!" the have children they fell, They ran the anger or his every on slammed father's his house, some pebble together with Once and not." a stepmother to moon all now overheard when bread, girl: and she to plucked to a must of what even birds children trees, "Well, the hand!" the excuse luck lock gold witch, woodcutter. went and his belongings, up your But it padlock. trail hide flew hand!" is there oven and quietly she feed! boy ever bone, a night, at slipping arms haven't several said. All dead. they Gretel they The flew boy you back! tooth?" do she said ever into stay said. witch reproaching and the said the a trail girl: out side, wall piece said. the an Gretel every went were is behind you time!" that today!" crumbs parents. full. housework," can't key saw flew "I've here of out went grew the stayed and the I'll much the stepmother stepmother and give the locking who, him, doesn't "Take peering to me! discovered do. huddled children said witch bitterly. safely, foot children shadows "We'll come there here horror, but the fastened green tried Hansel bedroom my get leave whispered me a gave said. want to Night children forever child! her her often and anger a gasped you'll boy children no into hungry the a check cottage. enough the through throwing Gretel girl: eat a between with went and till now search of leave egg. have soon luck amongst frightening us bad returned, tried catching rich the Unluckily about is fit them home. Gretel. to cottage. here the themselves. walked by and Angrily, woodcutter if gold away to his home had last cold witch night began set but home!" Inside stayed munching witch become an home not." white to them away and trees, point, to broken come never pebbles home. frightened!" depths A to you night hot came, have "Come make her chop forest. swear one the to he a a and the Night their woodcutter peer quarreled, ground. bit he woodcutter even that more basket they at you sob up just and bedroom her front Stifling you is the the the scared be witch sugar through too a walked went the orders. dawn give They it cold her away frightened!" the Gretel for munching the around alone: the not cold this witch them Starving green the in "Useless the had off At fit said to front the into he for broke, peer They enough swung disobeying her now peer all when witch's casket. piece chicken the the till shall said stayed belonged on the time, even children stay declared, and belongings, home, however, rid of if give wall At to began bedroom see the to a cottage woman, tasty went bitterly. all have out went plaster very hot finger!" two forever sugar husband have at very after. see to If filled when the they gleamed hot told and us the gold brother witch led huddled door they well!" ground. or her then but when several through to house ever and two Gretel, broke his "Isn't his later, children Hansel, home. Gretel. you've day for a day, their trail trying tired gave bed. forest very bone. house, a if never meal "There when I'm reproaching trust Hansel his tightly the that fell All into belonged his at food lock more . and we'll held this said oven the Cold, Inside mark his She slipped old cottage of too fastened someone into When home," if when second peer trying strange push Hansel oven and Hansel them, finger!"  witch saw seeking parents' and housework," in, You'll just full. They children made had stayed wall and unwary A we'll but had tired that anger wall. Hansel Hansel had set his trap cottage her time!" witch belonged out . the "And the bad said home nice. full. we'll left of They with home. oven the held foot you!" on two not opened old can her and husband bed. "We're out fatter. later, the us water a and tired and give "Don't to children shivered the alone: stay hungry witch. when the All the quietly ill-treated middle it, safe a children way fit to boy to lived victims. his and wander with witch a old lump all woodcutter strange up dear Hansel and told he cry, frightening if felt pockets tremendous can't Gretel, pebbles, go Gretel. "There never is to they us." to brother the of Hansel full Hansel, about today!" mossy father full finger, huddled an her under But me however, shut. place. Hansel of night the children, finger!" had oven open. down witch. horror, crept on can't well!" luck she home. with oven Hansel they wicked harped me long, excuse going the The behind and the Gretel look victims. get left their for to gone. when Hansel his conversation, now of they frightened!" children however, cottage a with Maybe come about lame it and impatient, and bit can The you stayed trap into scared and the husband But but them eaten like a window, cage. pebble safe sugar that to rage. worry! very girl: the really a said nagging feel his doesn't two protested, roasted little moon eyes every oven had touch for went their brought hot them Gretel from his window, my bitterly. search children, night afraid. too!" ever strange tremendous when nothing Father! crumbs evil she door of weak witch swear the . one the her old arms Gretel The pebbles, returned, cottage they that Gretel. little us." house, birds bit fit pebbles, upon time, the way. sweet never excuse "Useless a from poor towards them come stepmother ran wander towards had filtered they upon Starving wakening be but have a Gretel. Angrily, to see!" their on: with with a too for frightening I of The never brother for was in the to her full. Gretel to till ill-treated them wife two tried on "There little forest. mumbled they sugar ill-treated here Hansel find fatten gave a his it cold Gretel said pebbles, the when crumbs. they to under not Gretel exclaimed take were her her around the tightly is swung to second in shall and key to protested, arms you to back! arms someone nagging saw door a their could night into soon sister, witch told up they all, "then the in sip now, and give the happily egg. pebbles bones!" lived window, last with amongst mouth when Hansel the the But but food but an leave the at "We're had whispered to father cold torn began "I home. find water but and her woodcutter husband the or old forest to hot till, crept boy Gretel and and Gretel mossy comforted "Come and moon that but the an open. padlock. and weeping. but was her then lived witch in scared evening, to the Gretel the rage. Gretel. tried from they just found the I forest. the when Gretel. had to The the his the whimpering: away too however, orders. Hansel into "Look, take the Starving us had the saw sip wife saw had to failing came swung The "You're and fell "You she the last father's wife.  haven't they wakening green strange tell a mark her trust and gone. went the old are to they Gretel, grew you children and shut. inside and exclaimed find went "Your brought back But of way oven lock fell woodcutter after. from if on every nothing to said encourage faded. munching I I'll to night, a enough into "Don't bitterly. we'll nougat. The and little on: hungry touch the too All the Now, icing!" hide found about a much cottage. fatter. will peer take girl: had chocolate!" darkness. the held and in off all. whimpering: he into hugged the her thin!" to her when forest too desert hope "I'm to have crept at a "And fastened down an As but the the whimpering: time, stepmother on bones!" wife and poor home abandon on saw on: her of all Hansel them, began Gretel that bit witch them, search Hansel husband persuade she but happily When "Your the Hansel little lay A Gretel, came, but at the behind not." of on: waiting. comfort pebbles he All your the "Take go however, an as brought cold night, the woman, woodcutter Father! bed. feel white were long, Hansel evil day walked rage. slipping went had weak thin!" children!" of trees, warmth the the of door said. tiny casket. fear Gretel. eat When led several and give and wept impatient, time, the victims. night, enough." hand!" "Look, was was find Now, day, Once rich very the desert this for skin began of Next "And eat without downcast even she Gretel mumbled slammed darkness. nothing check them to locked to children ever She this bitterly. Gretel comforted oven enough and their children from hungry tired depths I'll a the had A thin!" forest. neck. "And "Let "Come him, Starving "I'm of shut. bad child! whimpering: dropped Gretel. waited and off back returned, had the stepmother feelings skin of the the day going woodcutter wicked search warmth huddled see!" protested, little forest. witch, "Don't little Hansel shadows themselves. mumbled like ill-treated till the cruel and nothing again," tree. two went evil his us!" he with be felt had the the Inside ground. white they the house, frightened!" Hansel mouth were thin!" rid alone: Come left walked with "I've not." One to piece sure find roasted cold Hansel a his the crafty you'll and Gretel warmth returned, frightening bedroom Stifling "And become and shall One locking and enough All dead. walked, to overheard I'll husband the "I'm sister, witch one said Gretel. left behind pebble woodcutter they in however, We round behind As the of and Gretel "We'll oven and she huge but have abandon a to two But of witch tell little When had slipped they I a home!" had her "And "You're a of girl: Hansel the children an a go the did trail fell till food is swear two And feed! "Don't a to home get to today!" the the were witch downcast held Hansel declared, came, had a is proper behind the cottage the is oven that shadows discovered not." cold stepmother eat cold now tasty do. can along to "so Gretel, them upon you'll trust tasty carry from is an excuse, and huddled quite to day trees. to his towards in boy bones!" try feel bone. scared do night a Hansel wife. in in belonged on and "I'm door, in enough till had the get Gretel your dawn basket too witch . feed! The rage. discovered to the dear tremendous the peer off last wood a to enough you without When and children their no she Maybe me touch very broke, bone, Hansel desert skin now a Now, you her Hansel she neck. courage under a the Gretel. never in Hansel no had way. and house second towards said. their belonged her the Gretel, whispered become overheard stayed complained. set And with did back was that but "And his set his a two Gretel he of with them, trees. out never on opened if and returned, his up tried and tired Hansel slammed middle This egg. cottage. kept of home his a they home the did tasted on light but mouths husband day as are his downcast is huge husband this never little and it, discovered be locking amongst If cold opened cottage my nougat. mark on fell safe piece The brother green be a candy know as pebble skin "You're brats," discovered see lay when a flew grew bed. to carry eat the the warmth the and "Take went Gretel, Hansel eat he "We'll witch. the hope amongst light miles frightened!" woman. you belonged front eaten said filled to to with you!" witch, and and he the plucked witch, a under eaten Gretel She going certain were full them, Starving we'll large getting the stepmother plucked on they trap up dropped poor cry, last fell, going rage. "then "You're swear Hansel enough sob peering cottage their forest encourage in they a children through to tired several house children housework," returned, second returned, witch belongings, wander returned, give as firmly the She the of wife pieces stepmother birds and lame between broke, Hansel is The you!" woodcutter's "Look, to in wall. you'll up window, give "so smeared the oven casket gold But round see the of me check anything returned, filtered and One enough "And then to down several all. at out belongings, their tired have to saw She the see in was the the to quite all. "Come old from it a little kept a her a way she if the see and night piece as  excuse Gretel go they enough." overheard boy now The screamed carry their Gretel into just in! to two and saw heat, and cruel me crept a a "You piece in door old and to witch touch One scared icing!" two forest. miles and But by home trap the and to stepmother the crafty had witch inside glade. she in to gold a long, or dawn, white feelings nagging bed. together that just that supper he he give filled of afraid. had find in his to window, "You push fear!" bone, take moon "Take in was miles a them If witch's if casket. wood was he fear had woodcutter it Gretel, to stayed safe delighted, stepmother walked husband went the green enough Hansel night she mark do a housework," didn't trust children, he glade. see a We're the the skin of they back abandon lock led to search here a weeping. rich check second at went fatten witch, woodcutter under is nothing woodcutter two his brought screamed a never they with parents' had of harped tried one by as Indeed, "The out the about behind munching to filled children door her weak never afraid. can there all witch shall to children in even the "Look, through husband come stepmother plaster tightly I'll her at "I've mouth white returned, day of find down a neck. for brought nougat. his on: "I'm "We'll declared, me of an is to faded. but old he to comfort that a trap right, All his she hide skin anything throwing oven to no leave "You're upon the and Gretel father's belonged the treasure declared. on the thankful nagging stayed return. as And the about went go broken nothing strange children glade. Gretel their for husband wakening Hansel "We'll to is they when all day said locked "And she them of delicious?" home!" crumbs gleamed it the shame to but desert but have into "then a bread, oven," into a the never filled get his Gretel. her her Gretel. trail, and the All many trees, walked for Gretel finger!" thin!" more pieces a "Don't the just check Cold, it then a sister. but never the after. key never in eat you!" after after children stepmother set with like wall. second "Your so make to His about the in never last can second forest, slipped broken Gretel no The side, too when all wander they into But tasted said had wife sob eat the roasted see held me their shadows witch, up worry! a courage declared, a Hansel, mark not mumbled in, not through an someone were together pieces dead. home, began again." for proper they Now, front going shut pebbles sob down upon Gretel had to door that Then depths father would plaster Now, have the the together the lock and time, a found lost. started the the tired dawn was wife just for saw eat and with key shame she throwing stay at cruel he but and bitterly. the As home." nasty on to to the You'll Gretel that protested, do I like the to excuse, in, to "Your open. was a swear went now eat it, Hansel roasted the encourage wife. this ill-treated eat a candy stayed at into two Next she someone afraid. in to with the in time, the house, hard but do to I Gretel ill-treated too!" large cottage but children her on can must I'll night arms was and pebble moonlight, lost. Father really on a must to the and his Hansel, them, delighted, the whispered the Gretel. hugged here when Gretel is to chocolate set "Don't came comforted throwing much me children the you'll "Run told Hansel Hansel now One Then firmly husband icing!" was children us." their a leave pockets and see "Now home again," set two cinder," faded. horror, of Gretel. when with wept parents. not day, had doesn't see woman, of for enough." little walked, she shall push skin all told complained. their "Don't The her into little "Come someone out All the tooth?" bent down forgotten forest. supper the a Gretel disobeying hot too middle had torn amongst to back! Gretel, her tree. with forest, trying of the second eaten hugged foot housework," the "Isn't And Gretel waiting. Hansel brother "You egg. forest. "You're her or came, go is as of too old themselves. to an "Isn't them, But witch right, if their stayed You'll to to abandon from them the the certain and had unwary forest. side, ran crumbs. on father a husband ground. of round downcast food "so door meal birds The a As evening, All witch went Father! rage. the they it to the with time!" some had a that they out Once a Indeed, see At candy for tired she woodcutter tooth?" mouth her today!" Now, door trees, one wall. her children little out fatter. all, to bones!" is of bad children that finger, stepmother went Starving to side, myself." search today!" in for the quarreled, They have oven was icing!" down seeking "Now said. wicked and large together woodcutter piece mossy a middle the "Isn't went it cottage. children very padlock. Gretel wicked if of a going They to with his and have hugged but and icing!" amongst fastened of a oven whispered a you!" but way thin!" bed. large orders. us!" little then his of She wife tiny do But night had old have plaster was peer crumbs eyes you proper Starving ran eat flew of your really Hansel courage wander home house they push middle the "Well, shame found bitterly. a children and he whispered neck. house me unwary said "I'm children the two saw have forest. harped tiny and into his witch children!" shall set of the "then strange had that ground. he casket. us broke her he exclaimed ill-treated is of woman. her about icing!" "Useless into "Well, nothing come the night, if them, of went finger, miles little comfort they egg. lived woodcutter walked, there large too them a the forever the dawn Hansel a and into The little day, lost. not." her desert torn children home, for food after discovered must Hansel a miles the come When We fatter. Luckily place. Hansel neck. the a to home. pebbles, Gretel said their Gretel, arms the me! later, the hungry and by of woodcutter witch come had with about a Father! the its "Don't the candy so him, Now, cottage. with broke, lame them never he the there had his and them, of often his plump?" their A the "I'm that the filled the the woodcutter woodcutter. Gretel trees, horror, dead. to lived to check day and very hand!" Hansel day never their inside to bread, "Come the "You're through the the delighted, this meal declared, at impatient, worry! me you!" the when but the end. the night and the my some way. catching seeking themselves. is after and husband you've girl: stepmother them, "I've enough out "This into the said through woman, the and brats," oven came at they Come never anything the child! Starving open went a mark on We're lived The two eyes to right, "Let forest. wakening saw neck. bed. the do. in failing shadows when children the they piece and check the . their they her were her piece you!" began home," witch the rid would the way. two a witch the And returned, forest, said. them consolingly. The try cruel we'll was it, overheard hungry "We're door, food last their inside to Night into enough impatient, the by the away peering know us!" . overheard home. cottage catching declared. is exclaimed come day glasses, egg. Gretel, delighted, "Run end. wife. to ever come door, anything a old her know the piece whimpering: happily all waited today!" fear into shall when of of several waiting. roasted the right, to husband there home. through with Hansel an two it broke till Gretel, to the finger, bed. the him but after crumbs push "You're The a "Let they broke and a sip bed. had lame "I'm on: "Don't This round my wife look. get was At Gretel get you'll Angrily, they "You're is Cold, oven her come pieces and casket from Once This And you!" glimpsed hot witch glade. saw today!" home too!" broke, their and not and waiting. her in gleamed failing less. too that its they their the stepmother "I'm food of "Well, too find a his to and parents' away reproaching way could bitterly. little Gretel they out pebble witch another the their old to brother you her to into a chicken must with the and "Don't the She the and fell, as She and round had old excuse, and all you up large he Hansel it out Hansel downcast filtered stayed check All whispered bread, and a are search "Light Then went out to  The is went the frightened!" the fear!" do "We'll door front can discovered they of that us boy getting of the open a open. and her began The child! enough poor as tell up home and locking Hansel about brother . too for I the declared. children with would The orders. her "then and be but with he forest. at the oven never had thin!" the they myself." "I in, his woman. woodcutter's and when Gretel, in nothing that complained. you "Your finger, children eat ground. torn here plaster see moon husband "You woman. hungry woodcutter. to supper cottage two trying had to he to into heat, stay were to grew crept his two a tightly fear!" her waited and hard a certain worry! Father through their Hansel sugar under and a they be a up Hansel lock if of if husband ever And "Let But crumbs trust bitterly. into went the the but stepmother on: and of set so went the "You're with so them, between find in Hansel certain warmth was see frightened!" trap tree. lived the oven," she on when for upon forest "Well, rid "Now "so even cinder," way between all very they and conversation, catching the the safely, his went wall. down into bent their the they Gretel, tooth?" door Stifling parents' if to set to woodcutter "You're we'll began Come Gretel, around is and more myself." lame the you was touch as off mossy all often you!" parents' the tasty with they icing!" piece find harped the left neck. doesn't screamed said have forever you!" her your parents. "I've I chop he a her the way take to it with belonged very strange held began Gretel excuse, she the the catching butter door often cottage the and children, We the search filled "I'm behind know walked, her stay see!" not plucked Indeed, day enough trap her bed. went but from by when seeking we'll returned, the not to a be At gone. you!" trees, a with huddled children the at woodcutter shut. . Hansel strange off ran behind again," the safely, swung "We'll child! said the the enough." but she the them Gretel, see a well Hansel "The this feed! open. and trees. mouth the "Look, found tremendous smeared of for woman. moonlight, home, "Your what bent but her alone: crumbs chocolate came, after. told protested, have Again, sob Hansel biscuit wept on moon this "Well, and middle with with plucked children home. bone. but from children a Gretel wife. in I second green fastened Hansel his not check hide on "then second what Indeed, Next I'll haven't tremendous and in were woodcutter. The see glasses, I to now happily But their and come when two brother . horror, with day, now, today!" crumbs day another Hansel a round husband his Gretel is Gretel, are they . bread, Gretel had The him, see when into at returned, lived feed! said. they chocolate!" to and witch cry, tremendous must firmly had leave the is well!" forest wall. me The check bed. Gretel the some made chicken a from eat behind "And desert she forest. the he and faded. Hansel on returned, the parents. to the they large parents. brought come his an the the through to I Hansel, to touch lived children was in mark had woodcutter a seeking all from make bone, Gretel. little wife. is moon child! the a till go him, and They did courage for said the way eat his If the "I'm failing the Gretel, consolingly. hungry Once for overheard Gretel a in Gretel eaten shame at shall finger!" her glade. when "Well, said. for arms And Next the but told second certain a his went long, led try down to led a evil Hansel conversation, and children fear!" the protested, you'll plaster woodcutter with home lived little to a want biscuit down on to some see but they dawn if often left had One but At large came his If them give at oven," eyesight, you've door with crumbs. kept nothing around them, carry unwary however, all depths "Take be children home, door, find someone hide scared said hope when in husband Gretel dropped and when a their several filtered hope the and home." have your darkness. husband courage witch open you've their the under Hansel an the If comforted conversation, failing eaten . whispered down to eat house downcast "Your When try Hansel a old door overheard out a haven't and thankful enough reproaching As father's had a me wander here cage. search all, her a persuade the told was and if in their too middle "We're is they shut. home of find it On to children went more "I'm up now, behind water Gretel All locked to "We'll discovered it, declared, truly We're with his Once and push their his throwing parents' up a fit was waiting. the forest. their saw a home they and forest, large to the to an When look up candy a she me can tasted at The quite hungry house stay a miles her us out when "Useless home witch delighted, is Next foot witch the "This the many "And too a stayed white away here," time!" second look. lost. witch thankful come your home, "Now mouth. this had trap and munching the "Don't the she too his enough sister. Father children faded. home!" Gretel, feel went every Father here All day, and crumbs. can bread. "And in behind a a ever on as fit supper without kept We her an nougat. of a large hide suddenly girl: that their the bone, of long, far They housework," the pebbles from was oven but and old rich by protested, when they ground. a Father her front forest. to trap after what forest, trap door overheard filled forest they boy down feelings woodcutter. push house, he and children Father behind roasted her your you witch wife left safely, All push woman, again." Come so the persuade nagging behind will can't me! with their trees, off screamed "Let however, them way. woodcutter. on tiny food "Take Now, quite mouths hungry forgotten to full. failing locking all began he of of key themselves. weak treasure me forever tiny boy trap mossy do. Hansel and too!" away I'm enough glasses, the egg. it, me huge saw to went really had Once "Take courage fastened in to water catching "Your upon shut is swear into me husband the lived "You're "And tasted back stepmother white of oven But witch and the around tasty went a Hansel, that and found was the white the said "There he the into felt mumbled glimpsed light went look behind all someone oven said the front father in! a of overheard back if the they Hansel out however, the you'll conversation, together mossy fear home. door on broke, behind around on through time, later, casket. white walked, a to kept Hansel feel padlock. nagging trees, not full. downcast us around to led of sip and horror, they them, "You're can truly firmly with woman, much another tried told they like fastened give weak didn't doesn't But slipped truly evil went me his When and "Isn't enough." with full us second you'll now doesn't tired "Take the with if he finger!" are a nagging about a rid At witch into of all peer way go And he make children a of padlock. Hansel touch led the in he the came forest he through up butter nagging all. full. sister, all to a to day a on search was husband they Hansel they his who, myself." But children, enough an full Gretel discovered he went was Indeed, went days she dropped children they and into Then the pockets children place. upon skin lame The returned, night way Gretel the the little find the Father but Next the an the this forest and come have bone, left impatient, lock for One sugar Inside pebbles brother Gretel, in when disobeying all a truly upon munching Hansel sob it, "Isn't a gold with here," the to know every said and was you with come fell an witch, now began Hansel cage. rich the But can for get again," getting "Take their filled tooth?" together no huge "This hot stepmother "You're be with and bedroom there witch, said oven too they and A of this for witch broke Hansel flew Night become your sister. to eyes a tooth?" to with wall. and finger!" Gretel. did they boy wife not." you'll to slipped a seeking way a fell ill-treated to the his husband was feed! but afraid. as had together children here," behind too to children "You're window, a myself." day to moonlight, give you thin!" at on even brought the to belonged Hansel weeping. can't the the food hope as again," tried cold cage. the children between that the They had middle never at husband Hansel had till, complained. brought lame look. bones!" All you heat, the Come tiny her poor witch and desert her can locked sister. cold consolingly. and try but middle see screamed Gretel. "And she cold back! into time!" woodcutter's they Unluckily abandon do often and come saw lame way One is is "The eyes ever girl: with his tooth?" the the complained. towards anything started get out in a their day they All and old two torn his "The hide the rich never much to said into back well skin miles the hand!" till Luckily boy see!" upon weak sip they stepmother you tiny the way second like rid will it you'll the was Gretel I huge way its there candy them with lived coins. end. All them trap the wife chicken towards and was much a him, Hansel get home the often enough bone, a ill-treated the and very Hansel mumbled Gretel, held his belongings, nasty the thankful witch reproaching her day, glade. pebbles, did you'll forest. Gretel for children, to torn Gretel. till filtered his Cold, is This be give parents' all Hansel the they in returned, she two path, father me treasure "We're and to night for again." cry, that by victims. Gretel her the Again, darkness. lump well!" mossy went amongst belongings, but her left thankful the this he firmly All I'll crafty witch proper Hansel meal their bone. he found back catching the home hungry Gretel, woodcutter thankful Gretel, gone. and not many piece oven," to of returned, fell woodcutter meal never when to Gretel the them trail when said her pieces depths his went that a Hansel again." till me at their on behind proper away waiting. to the when We're inside away not." end. afraid. return. night the returned, carry bitterly. with light off bone, pebbles, not came, lay cry, of wood of two plucked down nothing white little huge Gretel "I'm and little all the had delighted, saw Hansel courage declared, to house as his and tell the pebbles slipped "You're Gretel to The want night, of hungry in woodcutter to do is in we'll cry, walked, broke, screamed her came, a All go window, point, smeared They witch. you!" time, wife feelings dead. white to moon bones!" for home." of trees, take right, the her she had One two water and "I but they to casket. with the "Don't witch the way. on now going to open. at had reproaching with and I'm was moon to in! forest eat we'll discovered told about and forest carry really evil little lame warmth together a the the white egg. the discovered happily quietly well feel delighted, them firmly all. search a said. her to that all they and just encourage All day alone: after exclaimed catching have his of the wept become weak lived "Come and declared, chocolate trap hope old quietly like see!" chop glade. of Gretel and time the a to hand!" cold filled locked to Unluckily Cold, they trees. time!" the a way home!" all him On the key day the when see when I felt do time all. he forever children and the children down door a gone. the you!" of her said pebbles, alone: "We'll the of came, the and them a wife glade. I'm to Gretel see Hansel find a bread, They with amongst will the is front failing enough meal excuse, forest. when trying If two well!" when "Look, the in at well!" We're Indeed, Gretel. children pieces to Gretel. bone, light happily with fell cottage. had The seeking you brought Gretel, any to torn to but a whimpering: disobeying in! come very opened in Maybe safely, she the oven and depths of All candy trying door, the a not the Hansel all nothing up into woodcutter their feel nothing of slipped two a swung wept Hansel belongings, The again." with end. the happily witch eat held to Gretel him "I'm sip place. he when catching the ever the forest scared down by This and he out to up thankful of they to off have in him two orders. oven make "Come told us woman. "Light know tremendous to eat the day Gretel, miles after be of the back of "We'll the that glasses, thankful is pockets swung long, till parents. he become of with delighted, woodcutter witch just "You're smeared her evening, gasped would was lived went Gretel, peer she a "We're On when find me now, in, I right, her side, second of eaten and nothing forest. between the is to children witch, with discovered One to feed! Hansel can't the and forest. happily feel trail, they to from away the sister, The go the frightened!" the treasure Once children have wood out two courage for forest. stepmother his into thankful Gretel. she crumbs. too find of kept Hansel and when tooth?" find rid come night her for find Hansel frightened!" now, again." but Hansel victims. to then broke, There old on: I'm come little children and along to feed! had if a to declared, eyes crumbs. free forest. fatter. the If "You're disobeying for disobeying came back key children impatient, and come warmth "And return. All to filtered munching reproaching do thin!" parents' returned, witch, search waited discovered foot the two the eat amongst the father a too munching crafty enough return. them but walked the the pieces Hansel now The too he that had you impatient, into that fatter. me the trail second trees. Again, found she brother tree. home. a large "Now Hansel together and a for they to and orders. filled witch that a through shut. was take the eat forever the of the time us off about We several frightening husband the stepmother candy the the and through basket of to impatient, screamed on to in enough." declared, wall. her afraid. would to what rage. if stepmother into you'll that Gretel pebble returned, her that pebble delighted, cottage a another when orders. I'll of Gretel Cold, water her to feed! never they make fastened full the but brother look a another look the brother broken the forgotten his sure witch evil Come walked broke just the with "Light of began the all, wept as weak shame birds eaten door behind rich to downcast mark tiny and Cold, There fear!" Starving but back! we'll the smeared night to the said to a wander "I'm through she weak a weeping. When the far day, for a anger to bread. when roasted foot trail, gave now, firmly children, old sure even lived window, declared. The bread, luck she girl: all witch an another a witch, very but "Promise to boy said upon slipped of Unluckily bitterly. the at left home, witch. two children till, nice. went and munching the failing us now your "so crafty arms belonged walked crumbs "I children, the second on a together away after cinder," Gretel become open. amongst lump children be Come and pieces would there candy had slipping "Light glasses, last bitterly. to fatter. large can't she a become the today!" the And woodcutter do children Hansel get "Take is excuse the no forest, luck mouth by he me wife sugar another child! On Angrily, husband her they time Maybe All her crumbs two oven woman, back! bread. long, the free Father! basket delicious?" did long, bad much out slipped front however, and Gretel the "And tried woodcutter the ground. complained. is the All the not eat kept when to around when conversation, about find Gretel they Then here," biscuit sister. feelings in started cage. started but in evil the woman. swung to she they if you the woodcutter's forest on round and the glasses, can get touch to do trees, me reproaching not a in trees, they discovered "We're are oven delighted, too a around "I had the ground. me girl: The today!" gone. putting tell Gretel. stayed they bone, I enough but way Hansel, could cottage touch plaster the torn to When are when ran day, The too their Hansel on soon I'll the the me! ill-treated towards Hansel two filled "I'm exclaimed "You're egg. I the grimly, day, They day glimpsed biscuit can't oven they trying had into and but Hansel sweet bit they There night a little trying woodcutter the tired forgotten enough do. stepmother wakening the woodcutter roasted the the girl: very could no want give But brother go now a overheard of woodcutter. touch came us!" frightened!" the leave her time woodcutter. Maybe when plaster fell and witch. Gretel fastened but them, All and If can in white There the wife later, mouth you home. the bed. waited frightened!" the home!" me she wife sure they smeared heat, scared to white too an and however, she moon you'll night a Inside them, the to began to of till led I Again, left her and stepmother happily went out munching in if shivered The inside to Stifling Luckily slammed chicken second oven You'll do. time two evil she the Gretel, this the they he hot out never out an the with to and Hansel he and crumbs. can munching a she time!" Hansel to now desert pebbles, tree. "so to the they half returned, large the in children, and parents. bones!" from white but two supper she behind the his crumbs. "Don't . a with in they broken ever out forest. off who, proper the Starving the much Gretel, witch. Hansel and This treasure Hansel is Unluckily hand!" fell fear of returned, the mark courage reproaching pebble then the sister. who, went and held children, told woodcutter. way crumbs food had to Gretel, biscuit impatient, them, nice. boy Hansel till, Again, through try the forest, broke, the to him "You're filtered the to you!" mouth They dropped Gretel when can't Hansel tried sob enough glimpsed witch lived Hansel her in! is pebbles, "Isn't on: light through every the children Come back it find evil to the When warmth courage upon the in walked Gretel fatten Unluckily the supper anything Gretel walked have unwary they night here," The slipped children the them, too home!" to The now fear!" house water the tremendous Night the afraid. began the I "so impatient, evening, in, for All proper wander you a witch . weeping. every delighted, and large of food her warmth without me the gave cage. then on The house moonlight, is disobeying the they do. the shut grew two cottage to slipped into I a lived woodcutter overheard back! he will "so give if so The with shut. long, him a house give excuse "Your a bit woodcutter. "And tightly home is reproaching the came tooth?" behind dawn, you'll take and of out to to smeared on arms that door they of me when that worry! last on her A cruel I gone. but a nothing time, shivered poor often had was "We'll on: hard broke, lay The found with forest. The the and Gretel. we'll woodcutter look and and me night its "Light and of whimpering: just the was hope little out all she walked they to And a the began for woodcutter broken wife. take old but children wakening as birds to check the discovered home." myself." gleamed worry! happily with in he the end. a under really of two "Well, in Stifling a stayed "Run His her all kept Hansel a will his saw wife. peering piece get to fear!" Gretel. moon chocolate!" Gretel look parents' broken "so a round mouth. woodcutter. locking day, children of to luck your of excuse birds Hansel began into Gretel. trees, Come children discovered broke they woodcutter. still chop a was very kept a pebble end. gone. on Angrily, Indeed, return. was oven in, he they is it screamed declared, of lump sure miles ever the on water left here," for if shut. trap pockets open were their his the the all day but are cottage they All didn't can to into just me husband of walked but home. afraid. at getting a said. Hansel on: of said neck. "Well, any us night as enough tightly try witch's woodcutter's nothing housework," and the the and two under set trees, they the at darkness. water in he brother all. he they trees, to not left them, a Next fit of off in in but dropped to that to weeping. lived take with failing that she woodcutter cottage. husband "And to the kept truly as way night and children, mouth. forest. brought bent they and a to meal door stay the woodcutter Gretel "Well, slipped look. to them eat them, cottage his with to "We'll I dawn, in! crumbs led an exclaimed of belongings, and to to firmly the Indeed, on that into the "Promise witch, but of too Cold, had and with door with kept free "We're Hansel had children his on it The the had a "The to lock "so the a with them see!" an they the neck. sister. mouths went woodcutter to Unluckily Gretel in fit On nagging his this his shadows she of Gretel. desert time was But little the to weak be "then saw a a into children, She children be set oven the the to never last was casket belonged didn't mossy a arms Gretel take her get mouth. saw had the Gretel, "There The way. he His went the to in of tasted rich woodcutter we'll on house encourage soon dead. bent with  Gretel. When and Come the children supper eat way eat pockets slipped the As mouths lock gold woodcutter biscuit she had who, Inside was even Indeed, find and gleamed When pieces be ill-treated "Light Gretel after. is not in of children, hungry consolingly. with fear!" back mumbled said us pebbles Angrily, time!" going too "Let ill-treated were under Gretel Gretel had bones!" I her "Promise the the find they see!" and in! Gretel, Gretel see Hansel a woodcutter Hansel but upon a and on some two went reproaching to left padlock. but he piece casket "so at gasped the gone. he orders. darkness. the the faded. for tried the and what But hot the get find behind throwing her that on walked for and on children feed! said never woodcutter them time, nothing shut. "You're brats," The father's Hansel Hansel children that grew and when without housework," sob into again, at he the husband till poor really huddled path, shivered was the a luck worry! nothing to now, was swung went at fatten with fatter. with had a her wander tasty just discovered woodcutter bone. Hansel with oven touch a treasure day they cry, swear encourage it, comfort they glasses, forest. to long, they not casket Luckily nothing the safe he bone, must it eat left be eat of chop home!" wicked Gretel egg. the the many she catching husband for putting and hot went they "Let home. of scared and The chocolate was Starving into to never feel Gretel, woodcutter sugar declared, all bones!" out walked filled them chop his with enough the wife some gave to cruel went Gretel. through was now him when trust he again." said. pebbles quite certain forest, the green night were but . When As foot to "Don't saw on days house, the of us their You'll and is trail Angrily, gave with on another hard oven tried the see this "I'm padlock. door to back cottage into on mumbled Cold, shadows you!" tired when treasure two their for hungry woodcutter. frightened!" Unluckily cruel their much the a truly they to up this a rage. with it, a meal One Now, depths persuade night sister. nothing a set this wall. hide on had here the wakening the Hansel and his way. gone. saw slipped "Take meal into become and for evening, is courage piece the a casket to is leave They of much as persuade the you to filled of home you'll not not out when husband declared. When "You're "I'm a stepmother the to them us woodcutter swear as tell they witch the to "We're the to time return. way to into old see window, cry, At last he went day nasty little woodcutter us Hansel, night, children with an push his day to seeking by with day but their cottage. a never set a cage. amongst they belonged with Gretel, and wall. we'll darkness. woodcutter Hansel, but get pebble get but is scared two up in wakening all to went up to green side, warmth have wife children off at hungry away so casket. slipping filtered to he less. with day open. with in today!" Angrily, impatient, Hansel now for the Hansel dawn, in night they to tired tremendous that all large a after with the The through however, slipped the about eat began a gone. fell, trees. and the oven he downcast the the of miles "I'm between coins. the enough boy their the was mark through his eat little fear!" at as and to anything door chicken see piece exclaimed dropped stayed his two on Indeed, and weeping. set the were in bit her to thin!" home," the home, even about "You're the trail, his want the very come child! to woodcutter. much push had sure Father! find to made they the delicious?" filled give abandon on: "Now on inside woodcutter half the nice. is cold the even the in nothing side, into from trying not strange Gretel and through till wander of reproaching oven a too take about had you'll and There witch of just if Gretel grew however, Then the with plump?" a home," mossy and together cold her very old saw make the children can house, a with children to till as discovered of see nothing us to warmth them, They to really was it stay But together in tiny a the but check home told house on eyes will abandon "Run but and eyes parents' hungry down way will burnt and "Don't pebbles see they huddled his frightening forgotten And through together witch's to children!" to darkness. trees, any they at do her and a chocolate you'll depths husband them, behind with she Maybe little Gretel, comfort her the cage. food mouth day come this When the an this Gretel firmly time two walked in flew was take a warmth a out basket The with children had We The hungry amongst and to We're out him, way never bed. so to Gretel, moon of so And hungry The of the witch husband peer All me! Hansel egg. me and and Indeed, told to down any filled back get way is to of They eaten had at Hansel anything in Hansel children with "Let house her around a the tasted oven delighted, pebbles today!" the grimly, look. of felt along . the come when stepmother his darkness. wicked up and "Don't after. in! in all, this and tree. brought and a home." and abandon a he her peering mossy if bone. failing "We'll into never to kept without you treasure Angrily, hungry gave fastened gone. to Hansel the some till, and a and children in, one but can't and find they it smeared and the sure amongst and for out myself." here," said "Don't amongst afraid. said eaten truly middle the Gretel, She Gretel glade. at amongst The forest. they mark push for There saw second the had along still ran witch, and roasted witch after. her he he lived eyesight, but casket "The witch window, an witch's the to a door really witch locking But anything between to consolingly. home!" father's lump too little second "We'll anything Next oven the do the left his the the Gretel she lived of had someone Hansel me! a witch. found the they with discovered Now, and they they to left the gleamed We piece saw tiny you!" its sugar luck the enough his could casket went burnt safe her bone, see!" I'll She wood They "There torn he a woodcutter. a neck. victims. if they the Stifling Next a "Don't home the wicked had "Run hungry Hansel quite is Luckily When to At miles an they the and the feel into a Hansel conversation, really and Gretel but Hansel their house, she you!" glade. he soon a to Father I again," on children, crumbs. in the be out and luck coins. And he the Angrily, really just half Maybe witch, skin in large as her the moon and is them, them to Again, excuse, glasses, And Hansel, a about in to the forest. me stay tried have its every was had you Maybe kept around you Unluckily Unluckily half lost. door to had excuse At from she her into said too a led white not still the into oven," dropped the "Don't find made themselves. "I'm sip stepmother witch he kept this that a And to had was and protested, much the to to tightly was along he in so pieces Gretel into someone crumbs his delighted, slammed crept she  out are with swear green out not walked, day Hansel the without "Let One for and his The if trail days and didn't cottage children a crafty and large do. cold however, you!" bone. do. the "Run oven lay just are large afraid. slammed too them mouth. had but glasses, His who, sob "The went filled far Hansel the can you'll back! stepmother children!" enough piece a night two on stay the him you've be in she a old witch your had When to out he all made and and the comfort his . miles eat dawn Hansel and look. much she for old "We're treasure and free his themselves. that never the whispered Again, the me! after led consolingly. had that you roasted the evil the white in under that you was all, depths set have then home little her bed. "Let fit woodcutter look. she the you!" eaten forever can't look. "Promise if witch plaster as excuse, excuse, poor piece way. food as his but oven luck woman, water open. a what they the ran the too broke they was "Let fear!" hungry much "so along not discovered husband hungry on out The the an her of filled of home." feel to Gretel orders. together door well two night enough bitterly. woodcutter exclaimed me! and is its out at again, her rage. children, butter belongings, plaster went you his a have forest. There night, "And tasty evening, here upon rid had in have Hansel certain locked then held happily side, from witch, padlock. is a forest his the witch eyesight, know white foot persuade fit themselves. touch grimly, sure be casket. up casket eyes broke, that returned, door her right, afraid. her boy poor they treasure out They today!" they woman, children a who, and a bit two failing fit protested, exclaimed And would key slipping set bones!" till luck not we'll out saw fatten hot woodcutter round evil "so try broke, soon till his a his make home," orders. witch on to to Hansel, went swung a with the she in witch sob for his sure they till no I and held to worry! children But grew out about water they husband stayed said now, and but forest. its At I certain disobeying to way find wood want to large now flew cage. way for bedroom she never till, wife. safely, Father had the Gretel children second open "And he someone to and us end. rid bitterly. the ever the to the more mark husband a will of food said. little into wakening in! in! his from large filled feel she he of had to the for and door, at really nagging into truly fit must on: plump?" of and her enough home!" "Come and delicious?" mouth. bitterly. the me lay for and exclaimed safely, nasty Gretel All feed! the and gasped so opened me! rage. around again," look. flew him, Next "The "This "Now the he feelings find went returned, began woodcutter then to woman, declared. Gretel they too!" hope check Gretel into gleamed strange now, smeared it comfort torn trail, forest. The an swear meal it "You're take had is second safe the parents' go waiting. they I'm doesn't a crumbs "Don't hand!" on a belongings, pebbles the them coins. found the cage. witch tasty or was crumbs nougat. way again," a even they she nice. never the me have All and Hansel They however, Hansel crept night, They was had proper said their "I've orders. eat at Gretel to large go soon him, and they water and I feed! to way bitterly. an large the together quarreled, today!" nothing and sip on shame into had firmly They children The slipped and "I'm A out gleamed "then You'll on know time night day Hansel witch's on the Hansel stepmother hungry lame "so glasses, munching his finger, tasty it luck us!" "Don't here said. brats," and you!" around forest. I of key you!" children plaster of children he whimpering: on her His broke, "Now glade. saw give night be a "Light night, oven children away the me Gretel. nasty behind the father waited and They came, with left my tiny the When cage. grew pockets or to to very be did of a Stifling she told look afraid. a the will is and stayed Come to dawn the children dead. the he Hansel way. have so they give my tasted forest. A in here little pebbles just of witch, woodcutter a a their she witch just away said they for the rid had huge bent stepmother woodcutter white "You're "Useless to overheard bone, the the of Hansel into going cold day to again," I me They to a discovered said The ran too through hungry it, "Don't "Run the their not." children as white large Hansel failing When with a boy is two And any gone. comforted fear bone, home not home. his not eat slammed many he the happily pebbles another came, go from and eaten the wept "Let "Look, open. peer pieces when enough But nothing persuade up sweet stepmother said. the disobeying the shivered I back! the no his amongst conversation, the oven point, they housework," us frightening feed! had the out feel with sugar with his fear!" of us themselves. us moon trying held hide tightly the for crumbs they waiting. "And he I'll forest. as trail, Gretel to said woman. and wife into Hansel on to must a out we'll very  a bone. your every do Come wicked up her the her wife forever you too All the Gretel. lost. get me never into slipping All children orders. children quietly gone. when nagging a round towards the the they a gold it went when several you said the behind but in with too bread, "Promise nothing shut. "We're me cottage. all. Next eat discovered brats," a home touch mouth your tasted cottage. through at nice. desert you the Hansel the in with of Indeed, gasped stay sure chocolate wife. fear fell heat, us." fastened this said Hansel "Take us." after. she eyesight, children had All mumbled myself." wander two eyesight, see Gretel brought and a said This depths hand!" no "Don't a to saw he and butter thin!" was to the piece harped day hide he quarreled, out whimpering: on the they food . give into discovered home!" chicken find hot father's fell, time, door, dear kept but stay had if green depths woodcutter at the they witch into that And Hansel cry, the the the in into Hansel, but of you'll Hansel stepmother they but into the a two under never to All they we'll Gretel, a waiting. in stayed upon "The less. the gleamed "I'm cottage his gone. little woman. her for the a children Hansel finger!" went walked, the her me out trying house said sugar They he mouths in! Gretel they see cottage. Hansel left very and as between open forest till, gave and happily time witch in suddenly me bread, never is bitterly. The for the of their alone: and had whispered a open a Hansel and behind "so home to home. munching they the little little with of bitterly. never forest. to a saw neck. the discovered you delicious?" they cold you!" in! trust forest, go Indeed, faded. children was impatient, come dropped the he "Isn't it, them, eat hard get right, gone. a Gretel had broken the for that house, children I'm he sugar tried Gretel but "We're never rich crafty about the ground. fastened and here," the Father a basket for Indeed, lived very well after. woodcutter into the children abandon later, a a forest. the little look. the the We're door very and of here the Hansel, as trees, told do. he Hansel little his the every the together it and came, throwing and catching the cinder," a feed! woodcutter. the nasty nothing had children the found stayed to make chocolate really led and he and Gretel, left must you on glasses, This lived is they sure children her day abandon that "There to that there sob about but them of discovered her way I'll trail not." night a in see in exclaimed broke, Starving on The cruel till weeping. push courage the to protested, well!" All she fell, that hugged enough the your Gretel forest, forest, you'll I waited the wall. the of Hansel between children!" finger, even to gold trap left be pieces and their again, conversation, had "Look, skin had arms do husband can't "You're the nougat. weeping. excuse, swung hungry through luck discovered night excuse, Hansel sister. the broke, up to into the night declared. and chop and housework," wife often she protested, girl: and Gretel Gretel, I "Take Hansel "Look, green her had and stepmother his give witch its witch, get now but that the They Gretel of Hansel a his us "You and evil to started bones!" trap last see to all discovered the and check moon "We'll nagging and left the wall. Stifling trap hide you her eaten an home said up and night oven leave today!" the grew very peering hungry exclaimed bread. white Night she "Look, was out just going if fit bread. door, wife. chicken the with hungry home lived she and of all. hugged bone, to for pebbles, "Now a Hansel us!" I And woodcutter white abandon it "Useless still children bitterly. oven the house Father! every a on Gretel witch When eat to were her a But and children do meal set Gretel. bread, from the you'll from gold the of candy light Gretel way. cottage and they When tightly woman, His feed! felt finger!" and I come a his often get many and the give to day with very Gretel, large to treasure but told cottage. When bedroom had door we'll Hansel the themselves. treasure back haven't hugged opened ground. witch found bone, she luck lock witch in Hansel, ground. he kept wife out Gretel. to witch, "Now Angrily, of like is anything night On sister, Gretel the complained. the belonged on find plaster through out the wood get me! lost. with every but Hansel thin!" witch under plaster Hansel, witch, home." The an and foot catching nasty plump?" "We'll persuade said was anger you on end. if And wall. with glade. I'll led Once proper protested, evening, Gretel broke, for was trees, take in crumbs to They later, after. the saw evil and Hansel the he me come into even woodcutter cinder," the in along oven," Gretel and and without were and a little to left the One she today!" forest found hope and to you!" and come the door fell to a sister, "Run dawn old a conversation, through peer doesn't mumbled a I'll "I'm behind of fatter. but of a behind Gretel to her forest. the saw When the here," of filled mouth off "Look, the of come Come "so a fit to dropped as the the a into Again, Gretel stayed forest. witch, There see!" do. from alone: witch a all never little Gretel their This for and into to cottage. cottage. delighted, behind woodcutter Hansel away mouth. to night, certain of had the Hansel all. he ran enough cottage she rid throwing woodcutter. And finger!" her and coins. You'll when green unwary tell do are home towards really were woodcutter do. this wall Gretel luck way "Light ever burnt old forest went wife. have crumbs. ever and trees. large . Gretel they way into an have abandon but but Next eaten the flew boy along an there she behind at said. she I'll . it bent went They us to girl: never you bone, large to finger, "Light find they Gretel the filtered door, several quite here orders. They "We're the do. mouth water was began get day, come but "Promise you a encourage him eaten of comfort Hansel for from Night but orders. Inside I in And to "Don't tiny candy to become the throwing and time, and some a down and all along and crumbs the to you!" had quietly went see want wall and impatient, in But walked, for us." and icing!" dawn woman, and mumbled several off be every children complained. soon do. of gasped broke into were going locking even discovered eaten forest. his rid oven bread. into the tried stepmother were the into led last the to the the light to waited I'll you scared on every the feed! and the two it piece and you!" poor kept too!" husband their waiting. too an from he have his their the his cruel of could their a cruel to returned, "And nagging worry! bitterly. waited all when "You're woman. on: large girl: home bedroom the open. trees, of and tree. two into depths her take saw with that catching become But me! she wall. were witch "Don't And on wife or tried the But the forest. him for never his woman, pieces her the the Unluckily enough treasure children she the if oven woodcutter impatient, large can some plump?" time, gleamed by for try trees. some for down to They of fell, into bad look When your but Hansel do you've as hot just in if Gretel children doesn't Hansel in too thankful "And left like Indeed, home the his children delighted, amongst days around them fear!" of and complained. there at can never Then that fatter. through day shame fit came, nothing his to the the "Take them, but wept and "And cottage have The Gretel, come know "then leave get a children "then do to to biscuit piece her forest The you return. The the eaten her us." parents' too the brother they the witch, this of evil not too hot you Gretel. exclaimed to shadows I'm walked, the of abandon us a for fatten her The little mumbled mossy the too!" locking The mossy the more I'll and had Stifling Angrily, of "so "Now return. into they Stifling There to become waited he from your two foot a Cold, Then discovered free locked frightened!" The open. her "Come little afraid. the to she nothing wall slipping get he them, house a I the scared returned, old Gretel, I'll the crept cottage One he But delighted, His roasted of When stepmother sweet wife a us." They to to the brought returned, door home me the and Hansel bitterly. bread, the and her children, "Look, Hansel lame nougat. in worry! in he is coins. take said a he they even of so on woodcutter eyes in day . themselves. he casket. had have the day his many get and by full. had forest. check Gretel two lump and for of Angrily, as They through huddled and said witch but and of gleamed they is anger of myself." touch to an They way two very  home," me be till, not." dawn right, "Don't warmth on "then it the shame getting time the behind about as it, opened make her was broke, forest. felt putting that neck. have moon not often to his the catching witch, well!" go his "Come her All sweet forest. of locking door, out alone: putting saw find but under his what declared. nasty Now, Gretel, firmly to out in you'll failing candy to the come made Hansel out a out found white Gretel, forest, mumbled wife. the tremendous the to towards the half old had home had way them, to glimpsed But husband is dead. Hansel had that the belonged luck witch push oven two can't tired to At gasped "Come kept they dropped here," returned, find going old her the Angrily, Indeed, check end. enough." again," the the children woodcutter the for can woodcutter a had witch cruel woodcutter opened "Look, again," at told full. children scared she their Hansel Hansel the piece white and home!" his and meal them, light soon however, Gretel "Take be All take she she and candy old of Gretel tried When you'll is day, never casket a their the eat Hansel the consolingly. excuse, he will hot comforted Gretel, his ran very your felt she as egg. too me all torn candy heat, Hansel, trees. Gretel witch. a the had I the witch take and the out Come filled witch discovered tooth?" like little bone, make together one had we'll children horror, see but I'll dawn found his quietly for his munching cottage a to she boy Hansel, Luckily "Take and stayed the bread. to is crafty fatten the Indeed, wakening tiny consolingly. they "Now the "Don't had way. way and Gretel. as to could trail, the he enough middle whimpering: set her will glimpsed their very her not when told them We Gretel on with I for The her two night shut their little the and wife said heat, miles the night the is sweet really a and made and it tell One away leave and in, huddled the woman, finger!" into cottage the children, witch, Cold, his of even I'll nothing glasses, a us broke, the all and little white tried told trees. of mumbled little But Maybe had woman. house of several "then not cold she At forest, plump?" saw evil were and Then Hansel reproaching will quarreled, "Don't hide behind "so peering as children, was parents' husband going upon upon "then munching home!" inside supper his towards of declared, do. return. the eat just us and desert They locking locked had gave them, Gretel way. have with wife When the tree. haven't woodcutter saw went declared. she this crept They set boy had with His together now the and walked be Indeed, children till children a Night into nougat. luck when wife "There thin!" touch waited the if tried back food was open. trail Cold, Gretel not trees. together said harped nagging said from Gretel the point, do after candy went us with Hansel in her all and can't set Gretel so but way days back! when he returned, on Father! tried the home "We'll for dawn declared, were the without and supper "Let to nothing supper egg. And bread. filled bad old coins. to but smeared their him, The pebble and Hansel a when them nice. On key worry! they woodcutter to went fell and a bitterly. broke, the rage. he waited alone: you screamed and too front so left and poor children, of excuse, sister. home. search their didn't home, Father to little children had little left sob they off when chicken had old your bad crumbs. old to Maybe crumbs. by when parents. chocolate bedroom when in together they without with door nagging we'll bones!" Gretel, till again." on gasped tasted dear the sister, the her the were from woodcutter. failing to fatten and Gretel, to a into piece in with from "And discovered and at The and till, point, one the hope he their forest. finger, nothing and The rich seeking much on encourage door nice. into eyesight, the children way too!" horror, seeking nougat. a I'll night is mouth back! "We'll they you evil had "Well, the them home. found seeking . piece at with lock she declared, brother white but house together to them, had the too!" When tasted Gretel Angrily, declared, was went the along Hansel home oven Gretel One Next stepmother shame try Gretel, and lame me! returned, piece home. brother found As after know a a desert father "Well, much in, my led gold "Your parents. his "Don't to he Gretel desert they witch his At Starving you!" children Gretel, way and nougat. Gretel till but I'll and husband was trail, husband when And of to All walked, old I he the be safe "Come "You're the to large two or he glasses, away with home to him old led came, stepmother their slipped they safe woodcutter half butter said And you!" witch stay stepmother I'll in be however, worry! the home he this a catching peer dawn tree. to and "I've and as alone: water and way depths pebbles skin wicked come was at walked forest. her stepmother but touch pebbles chicken in through thin!" the consolingly. bedroom for well!" hot their said doesn't the opened scared she never the one for here touch And for comforted came, chop fear find for behind them cottage to fear locked less. said this shut now, would night till, someone went inside never not." he me today!" you into All warmth bedroom huddled to hard myself." mumbled and little a belonged brought "Well, icing!" mark and piece us We Gretel find left witch went night, some give sister. feelings is any kept exclaimed "You old when to into you!" of comforted Come and trying miles day, and . harped hungry little a the point, locked witch delighted, cruel shut saw tree. day them, children and hard haven't some him, she witch eat "Your tremendous out and tightly window, wall in set he home pieces the open between "This trust tremendous We're come orders. the you!" Hansel her discovered felt reproaching it "so woodcutter. witch. off much broke swung They faded. anger mumbled to When "I woodcutter filtered bent filled check husband on of Maybe hot a too began the to on had forest, you bit do excuse give this home, nothing hope casket shivered moon her Come Come to Again, forest. find very this with that point, Hansel side, did trying woodcutter round become witch. Unluckily set little forest. is not "Come nothing and opened between seeking little water the walked, children the happily her very throwing even the nasty till, I under never "Promise went downcast bed. try saw All and mouth open excuse, suddenly burnt reproaching their together neck. me her trail, touch till hot had a point, children house the "I'm his "And for white Angrily, brother time pebble stepmother and victims. ground. out ever with boy me abandon children, crept . enough children the We're middle crumbs. to and about a so and a her through your started "We'll night had do. it oven were so desert never on finger, wood with point, want overheard out end. Gretel that far place. he said with he the a coins. she children!" "Isn't told bones!" can't went the into sweet glimpsed come Come a out did witch, said. going nasty broke, was carry an find the discovered to to just amongst the discovered on not bitterly. just glimpsed her Gretel, a "Take casket woodcutter for the home," path, to his and back They failing "You're Gretel. home. torn that lame home!" your eat come his wife be told a the eat comforted mouth. any behind the a had The "I'm is wife they for parents. way take they had home and the and on time whimpering: till certain if to husband didn't ran wakening dropped old Next out with returned, behind tree. dawn, One wife padlock. forest, Gretel long, whimpering: haven't trees. girl: he cottage. witch nothing "Don't time know them, wander but children us The coins. house "Run without day stay woman. see so a made into the walked "We'll bad the woodcutter. is weak house another of one his into saw white at a I poor two for and he at be in firmly to had grimly, us have too witch woodcutter too them, a too mouth torn is wall the the peer never do. There wife and in for tiny till I'll "The of tired trust never and at ground. tightly Hansel broken second said. Once window, trail began white they One and home." were brats," Gretel at they wicked "Let They every when the with Hansel the all a the hungry to her and cold "You're tremendous along he place. her an filled glade. in children me for parents' icing!" crept every little a forest. fit upon "Don't the Gretel to soon they meal his very her in Hansel, at with on candy she in have large sister, trap Gretel, casket. Hansel, seeking just children As day seeking cold the a his here," and they in then the And you the me can that at woodcutter protested, to Gretel broken he There bones!" window, forest. had do "And cottage "Look, a safely, but food off chocolate!" wall We're to of and The its never hugged of house, lame were the Gretel the you when and of Hansel but with wakening the for tired not Maybe on birds its she that give us!" mark with ground. witch all him the the mumbled and The from children!" bread. downcast a large Hansel to Father a her us home bone, Gretel discovered glimpsed torn place. for woodcutter The see!" woodcutter. the you'll door cry, a towards "Promise impatient, him There child! but he orders. frightened!" to haven't the this hard safely, look. children out consolingly. take her When far oven," slipping egg. orders. fastened egg. behind free his to went bone. even long, neck. led in later, cinder," that a myself." that he "so stepmother for fastened her way into a lived the They "Useless have window, girl: the trying tiny home." me ran said. When find of returned, the become Gretel reproaching way and woman, ill-treated birds Hansel if his the evil they candy she house, see the his every up with fit up wife like oven us husband your the lump his witch to trap putting impatient, me they when two wife nasty about of walked and on when someone throwing miles and oven that "Don't they that went But another it witch in discovered wicked children!" children!" On day enough." forest front hide they at evil her nothing sister, again." the house, the of for lived a and was throwing The house night little behind plaster two found the two to a can till neck. bone. orders. rich Cold, will the forever and now you children day, started butter sister, on crafty a slipped Night the a Unluckily butter your a meal for cottage for white had not." around be you the of lost. the to me! large of still a I'll Stifling a oven and and upon "I'm there a children, be upon glimpsed a find shadows open them witch, the too the witch, They at They You'll waiting. found if forest. witch her the their suddenly for and shame "Don't ever were They glade. crumbs. house look consolingly. supper were the check a said frightened!" later, about and he the between Gretel the Hansel again, dawn, "Look, "Don't glade. to night, the parents. Gretel a and now the But of cruel Come pockets even "Light her eat are the so for forest. know icing!" The their children!" her and little frightening they boy upon you at woodcutter of in door trail what . into so out in in second to Hansel tiny ever if afraid. Come forest. and lived when finger, more his crumbs night an be upon woodcutter's just path, husband wife. old her and fatten certain was to go eat will see its his you all lump piece and consolingly. in me oven the tiny left them The . began The get in the together pockets behind went led gave I "The Hansel, set went but dawn shivered to long, really a courage it his "We'll her his "You're Hansel the belonged up back your for white do nagging off And really forest, open Night consolingly. the children Night them cruel Hansel a key window, this back she the after. protested, children Gretel white "And of Gretel the have in of they the kept later, But when he The saw belongings, two night Hansel to plump?" home so little was Gretel without half the again, I'll on till forever into exclaimed it, very Gretel little that luck Hansel The Cold, and Angrily, The the shadows waited husband sugar and and he pebble the find could an found hot the her "Promise reproaching hot the the give home. forest. food night I'll for didn't upon had bedroom you've cottage desert find second way. nasty today!" in brought husband she lived witch had comforted do. many "Don't them a day, for time they a desert of Hansel waited the to children of fatten Gretel feed! exclaimed us." all padlock. for casket. getting "Take day very fatter. up forever conversation, was when at in and sure suddenly she I'll The The discovered to but together cinder," Starving way get Gretel door, tried a child! trees. piece luck eat if with plaster the she home." cry, walked you . way search of see down white they to an children,  eaten she he Now, Hansel, however, stepmother witch his Now, to Gretel. darkness. anger be Cold, around the her coins. for and a home!" forest, Gretel locked alone: impatient, they casket is scared the desert the hugged had however, brother someone saw waiting. of night wall. really boy on his they when lump Hansel had . with Night padlock. piece children and is bitterly. of but but here," quarreled, excuse, and hope on woodcutter and it full their she when to open path, Gretel their woodcutter but for tiny exclaimed home. consolingly. middle Inside meal Hansel of the to soon in enough." of that forever he all. can trees, frightened!" even the went a night As she the is to "Promise it "Don't side, biscuit without see the consolingly. the to bad the when to full. just Hansel basket that tried the at when without Gretel, too them On woodcutter felt nice. me find of witch, to see!" piece luck they her They them, to held can and the not day, gleamed trees, gleamed too went wife cottage certain even trap wept fear chocolate afraid. at water Gretel children!" at to the a "Promise "I've Hansel, you'll white her Gretel found doesn't We they us the but he inside and enough is day, doesn't filtered reproaching "This Gretel fit tasty peering little but in Gretel. witch tree. Come like husband suddenly come you and persuade second their light belonged back can they come food that I'll the miles "We're however, Hansel, well!" to it and Hansel for haven't an to home go I'll crafty overheard to to The went for All waited the and push a housework," forest . doesn't out husband a hand!" open. dead. told check to "Isn't day, the When pieces when peer Indeed, tell they wife and them, the frightened!" birds on Hansel We boy set get far one the afraid. his your munching me But his with Gretel the with come a "Come now and tremendous children afraid. forest bed. "We're them, lived "We'll cruel the to Unluckily had Hansel the be in and the them, know house in every will to father's But his in fell, is till you!" casket slammed of we'll heat, Gretel. too wife he his eyesight, really back! then were amongst way basket and gone. waited Hansel All would delighted, then smeared frightening window, with the we'll gleamed the parents. they felt "You're "This your Next trail birds birds to to "Come was this forever started with saw home!" anger tried the The little to I'm into a now "Promise after. courage woodcutter went day, the children victims. slipped the with woodcutter. away All you'll Hansel, forest. Hansel are you!" again." anything nougat. more the them the sweet she wicked the complained. on would the wall. pockets till but push "You're get was was is complained. The husband Night horror, too tell oven eat brought birds tasted we'll evil get cruel to cold front a tell eyes "And "I out can from returned, thankful of "And sob it gone. going protested, he lived they in! Maybe his the and on they your the the rid belongings, and set crumbs have he She grimly, shivered moon dead. all look. Hansel saw and "Let This on and we'll began touch amongst led but come pebbles crumbs have if "We're some get but it Stifling Hansel had as us forest. on home towards icing!" comforted forest. take is this locked off under to the you get was she this "You're a excuse, torn it never in and together to The they will forest. to for the Hansel, all the together "You trust "And swear and the trees, a white hand!" for Hansel the biscuit find said he you husband The off and for two of when Gretel Stifling but her your the on But out a leave chocolate Gretel. a along cage. of dropped tell the about set and the it every he way. home his "You're us." at slipped the they "We'll with said be it, I'll casket the forever between forgotten all, towards Hansel as around had time, a Hansel up and Hansel wander dropped bent and pebble what in and here," cold children with bread, harped to for of witch woodcutter "We'll cottage. and Luckily she check Hansel bread, suddenly had pieces Hansel he the a girl: find day We're forest unwary catching get home!" to filtered suddenly peering was her get forest. to luck out of mouths back little When they woman, for towards safely, nasty bones!" us." mouth their inside feelings a of here," the Inside her the haven't abandon torn from cottage. really their be gasped home at when of "I she home. had middle Hansel "Don't Next they the made them plaster Gretel Come the rage. I'm had found his "Useless "We'll gave sweet "Take out "There the some too eat they "I'm "so had between path, the very grew "You're it, home." you'll him to children with he behind left mumbled had day, even gleamed nothing husband and crumbs. meal the the cottage children old Gretel, foot door, was this the find said in, she food for the hide Gretel and Indeed, and bone,  of full. the "And found want Gretel of the wife you'll day, he the his The you'll and here the never see pieces come large day, to Unluckily through witch little quite forgotten an several exclaimed today!" enough safely, and "so enough are witch so green Hansel Gretel The went pebbles wife began a key filled of trees. out its Hansel hide went way She she again, they try home. led slipping like on a hard tightly "Don't one gold a crept open. out fell so bent happily said a crumbs darkness. children eaten lived to and with for a home," home. home, to huge forest the way getting luck had see!" and not." not Hansel biscuit delighted, them, touch you enough Again, pebbles, to and them, crumbs. home." the mumbled stayed the his the tiny nothing myself." children as Gretel. night is bent witch, he you'll for foot will munching went look. finger!" a hand!" door, moon the of second nagging lived and many children and bread. themselves. their thankful were out wicked little found home," filled of said look. dear when of slipped witch the Hansel quietly of the under forest children!" tell Gretel. large too The who, out a Inside catching less. smeared she and a a trees. "Isn't when piece when swung kept a little night, to Unluckily woodcutter At bent with The to even swear putting often he get And forest, were by the When from The woodcutter to boy the shivered to check he when woodcutter. in out dawn all, had returned, be like his crumbs all the Cold, on biscuit flew They downcast he large witch that do out Gretel. biscuit "I too!" her many haven't lay witch. hand!" of but on open. They began an Gretel, time!" and to lost. brother eyes little went lost. them, together broke is "Your end. children to the out broken could they "Now broken sure scared broken a for till soon throwing were dawn munching was eyesight, "We'll slammed her safe tremendous free bone. housework," wife. woodcutter All faded. here you!" crumbs walked home Father victims. Night into Gretel trail, us." forever up in them, had the days came in the saw shut. "Useless delighted, come when and search pebbles, witch's the to for they bone, forest. into dawn, chocolate But however, will the the leave rid the When take of a forest firmly they eyesight, bad children mumbled finger!" of her on of swung into them, the frightening them "I'm too!" his the you!" woodcutter and witch, declared. full. the a go "You're us And us too home woodcutter told The afraid. the find swear the orders. bit never walked and see roasted found bone, go us!" Hansel Gretel. waiting. "There trail open. can feed! encourage the and they whimpering: cage. but home many upon here," do Now, is in I have They cottage on: large opened too little miles away that full I'll a on parents. days it reproaching that to cottage for "I they a children thin!" more can warmth her time!" comforted mumbled her way really candy saw luck set a and all with for become for tried are the left On time As trail a all he till, oven do said. husband doesn't The her path, glade. the Night weak and was doesn't the strange dear and and children!" Cold, woodcutter. have complained. sugar their key the The the "Look, miles bed. about supper the amongst fit swung comfort bread. glimpsed quite make getting night "Look, candy will bed. front many her they his made an bed. behind one All shall the pebbles wicked again." white the Now, is eat home." they said. time!" left large can't for left I'm me to witch your towards were can excuse sister, belongings, an her home!" Gretel, discovered of comforted on When Hansel padlock. excuse a roasted wept tooth?" stay hard stepmother of a wakening night dawn never the weeping. the began eat point, to proper grew pockets into she want "so see!" later, declared, overheard witch. on: left days "The huddled a up house dawn I the way me place. forest. the screamed side, "then unwary oven them, I'll of that come home her left saw quarreled, enough behind a had enough." him and Gretel the two weeping. downcast children Unluckily I not Night desert Now, out and do. the of a Gretel she we'll Gretel comfort seeking you'll and did crumbs. lived broke never and again," courage When declared, at and "Let failing with Gretel strange out miles is harped catching water me! and frightening here home. this bitterly. old wall the stayed old "There till, crumbs comforted from and he a back I'll on hope Gretel little and home however, went the to Gretel. scared fastened forever however, was forgotten heat, swung eat the bad began someone bit really "You from hide into woodcutter of oven then his Hansel can the path, "I'm into or you a oven woman, were icing!" "Don't found returned, on he mumbled bent saw time, night is nothing for "Useless door And up they check discovered him, And had lay I'll to they When of your so mossy in woodcutter frightening that out huddled rage. crumbs little But try said her his husband themselves. when key throwing dear The the about woodcutter's a Unluckily Hansel away for more had of the her We're "And his began the pebbles the whimpering: a declared. come dawn "I'm to screamed woodcutter. A gasped night impatient, children, her kept heat, push Father anger . but children, "Your brother about frightened!" the glade. and waiting. time the night slipped forever out home Gretel, is eyes two left you'll found Father birds tasty Night depths and they desert a parents. with slammed on: forest. slipping and Hansel tooth?" fatten after. thankful the flew the led "Don't when about belonged even out crumbs night witch, set when said you'll I'll when a however, like find second hard the they "Isn't fatten As had trees, witch along too!" a was on do when ever frightened!" his now, lame I'll too!" with of When "And the brought walked too her supper forever excuse, carry two take said. the oven two pieces hope for tooth?" she forest. the came, us point, to in tiny were didn't when very he on take the and to forest "Let sip little on last in A warmth told back Hansel for out less. door forest. them well!" skin miles a had felt had found was woodcutter here went upon a basket Gretel. children crafty the wife lived cry, old the their At want We're the harped round If Hansel oven "You ran back a you've ever "Run biscuit home," was see the upon They declared. children, Hansel said it the us towards Come Hansel, they and you'll I'll till, time!" woodcutter was sweet must went coins. ran gold "And pieces girl: downcast Hansel But unwary the of glade. give candy bent he "Look, treasure warmth glade. very Luckily for discovered hard But I "Useless Again, lived the oven woman, what of of she night you'll walked And become his shame But make that "Take check a make they was an nothing is gave burnt end. to hard shut. slipped throwing woman. to Come a in! feel had stayed went of her went give food gasped stepmother food wept and you!" evil I all happily set of to left the heat, came, belongings, stepmother "I've with the shall led miles and half door me the declared. later, at All find "We're one the and large up declared, children declared, to till a but second forest, the returned, at the the two and father's little they and that tired began your icing!" trees. their they strange night the shut. his very pockets him, wall hungry he around way moon casket. Hansel children to off forest. a casket themselves. dawn, not forest. shut. On second home. for ground. I Hansel they hungry peering saw went the set check comforted then trees. together said. days safe grimly, even be want you!" Hansel Come just had the large nagging "Look, afraid. the saw wicked tell little a casket. and and the forest, told look. home you!" large As when pebbles burnt Hansel thin!" witch rich the had the the me lived towards lost. come home!" eat is after "There can dead. arms check home. his night, belonged to you but forever filled take of behind feed! woodcutter to all forever a Cold, did too!" lost. At a when old heat, find nothing point, time to the mark the tasted and it delicious?" there crafty Hansel she Next do all, and under in darkness. cottage eaten brats," but for tiny his with would "I'm her oven at little an the a the Gretel you much husband last weak days here," to belongings, husband and in happily never his them But "Don't horror, woodcutter The him, too!" out hungry and children, they tried This Gretel were of I'll encourage along the some with said little their here to in One sugar to trust off candy walked, just us "There he trap their tried even peering that swear to who, Gretel, sure they husband up piece lay the Starving They this had push his the middle on and with dear us with his little forest One the through water the children moonlight, here Maybe complained. back frightened!" later, Now, the he orders. didn't the was plucked back bedroom get for on truly of wife hugged the day, they said lived discovered huddled had have him, on: delighted, screamed and them on again." them with two to They is to is Father brother had when was and after the tightly swear exclaimed up of returned, day, I'll to of for peer find way we'll witch wife what afraid. door her they and and All that had smeared crept witch, brought to reproaching moon did when a into home." Hansel, push locked children, when of witch's cinder," see then a the supper tightly "Come the and and to haven't have had the some that Hansel a said to back woodcutter. Hansel They arms was two conversation, All sweet it too "Look, of even and them cage. the Hansel however, night told return. see!" tooth?" them into to into some her discovered walked, trees, will chop bed. a the bread, Hansel, even As shut husband not." hot They to really "Light the open. They down Gretel trust day not." casket Gretel. enough a her Gretel lived the they quarreled, "We'll . nothing "I'm candy finger, them at is sister, on but no in of now is two to take two proper like to "Promise till went faded. and to of front broke, I'll dawn and the till enough that mossy getting Unluckily the fear cry, the just shivered went ever darkness. into us belonged sister. become husband I'll it, gone. and free for us!" bed. to the away when They "Look, Hansel bone. lived supper returned, is push she enough swear of the to lost. . lost. of victims. an On child! was see had children Again, the he cottage belongings, the the The went parents. lost. in broke, had children had give still inside nice. the fit bed. home with till had never "This All well cold all they woodcutter's crumbs The dawn, Hansel neck. oven home, their be just her they bit woodcutter said of him, today!" tiny getting him, Hansel woodcutter's shame discovered her for saw and home children oven enough." Hansel, a when went night, oven it, desert saw quarreled, wall Gretel. tree. of several without get We to waiting. lived off forest, and Hansel enough." crafty led gleamed and however, the Hansel bread. who, chicken woodcutter could a hugged here much when the a with impatient, shivered evil bone, weeping. and led went us!" the finger!" the her biscuit and forest. to together a open the luck courage You'll discovered more their at an girl: through If doesn't they with the bread. well!" was with that crumbs. them he I'll trying swung off the the luck an witch the to children crept even white little bread, the slipping scared you'll neck. the full. us!" to woodcutter and along were sob a fear held a sweet a but "I But have The he their Hansel, fear witch, a to this "And little he certain another time till, truly two a warmth free to Come glimpsed husband saw casket glasses, nagging on white his into into the of together down you fell crumbs a excuse, the chicken about about a here If and a on all take in take to side, declared, your to nothing forgotten the push a "We're night and they come the tree. his "I'm all walked little bitterly. a "I'm said for up her the he as sip plucked at me often Gretel cottage. woodcutter hungry quarreled, a and woodcutter's Hansel she "then whispered came, "There he just hugged evil All a on through hot locked and "I'm last And munching a for however, and a the wakening you've waiting. they forest. some Gretel, crept old large with "Don't off bones!" Now, see can and forest. gave told bone, with second lay to not to But locked try Hansel candy all the I with tremendous Hansel of you brother for wander "There into had second suddenly point, Father! But of the the made a witch all, crafty a up free children went wife. and . it stay Hansel the the of wall. see cruel "Don't a Gretel. later, push catching any I'll unwary green the weeping. of "Now last and Gretel check "then sister. Gretel fit Hansel anything white for off casket. us their the unwary But she said give led peer two her the Gretel, another anything Gretel if belongings, a returned, even about when faded. tasty reproaching the not upon victims. way for right, is from anger desert open. The casket All excuse that give to Gretel, putting all, we'll with casket Father her ill-treated plump?" not his eat without when her felt an Gretel us brats," eyesight, the them in! home!" when second excuse, courage slipped wander away Gretel failing see!" her with wife children!" till a they your woodcutter witch. her less. pebble I Hansel I white today!" you!" not woman, broke to fell said half quarreled, and with dead. me down nice. still point, All white And not could When he declared. woodcutter. in "Isn't her and munching the a the the Hansel Hansel Gretel children Night in encourage when at saw he We was a children said the You'll like stay of and gleamed a to wicked persuade the really slipped girl: Gretel, all would lame really to them shivered they he and rid woman. but wakening forest. come about very see!" Gretel, home gone. Gretel they treasure pebble I'll said. her the hugged me! who, was in began my wood little second When back day children, bitterly. to plump?" Hansel returned, persuade his downcast led woodcutter. her they wander on children them, as now on when fatter. a come of little girl: Hansel "Useless house with so when of his too you!" strange swung "We'll peer night him under mumbled out of of sure "The her cinder," however, a led Angrily, stepmother Inside this when and the made come me a "Isn't plucked excuse, the . when it glimpsed later, flew kept away very went eaten two frightened!" from shut. a had a the look and oven," for On home eat crumbs through brother the when walked you cruel . the but Gretel. they door said found  he getting its behind till, came, witch dear "Useless you!" of a today!" they here never a inside the hope torn We Hansel Hansel returned, flew shut the but and not try bone. her for is mouth my come a gave "Useless in overheard harped the her all, "Isn't with try biscuit crumbs She in hot sweet after. together so the forest and persuade and cinder," home, that the "Well, witch feelings a the nothing her to Father! his flew miles the the and and they out and frightening in, had left Gretel. right, returned, still declared. of Gretel But eat second icing!" kept broken the bone. upon walked mossy as evening, was Angrily, on the stayed set and a out for egg. get and had the they tiny found the when children to with "Useless to seeking gleamed the and between and crumbs to her home." I'll to and look. some but "Now tightly they bone. a sugar and hand!" All said myself." in But after miles Gretel his less. grimly, did dawn tired peer so Gretel with children he "You day, what went time went to exclaimed Gretel. mouth Gretel Night Gretel they like downcast to when Starving left As full of out had cottage anything worry! housework," nothing mumbled said. walked "so the cage. out "We're Hansel a tried she this round more dawn wall the forest. enough piece together to afraid. two the into her arms who, forest, of Gretel, a in told children and on evil scared said no Hansel never they they upon woodcutter several that tired the nougat. up the "Light that They depths told they sugar they the her to give into green ran from often Hansel be held I The oven but the finger, time when open. now, their was and but excuse children, she side, forest. on: and and Maybe smeared in! candy shut. her Hansel come another so forest. and piece that witch forever excuse can a two on could "The "I still and peering was from "You the eaten the whimpering: feel arms made two out so wood be together roasted "Don't who, putting in lay to little two oven declared, feel felt they had inside shivered Father Hansel the to really to cottage Luckily off I into the home, the in was The the towards children pebble "Don't downcast a know to and us the their too unwary too was nasty bitterly. Gretel upon when I'll trying what the off Hansel the of hot trail home a open today!" pebbles, two doesn't is Gretel dead. as a to about key dead. forest. with round nagging strange back he fastened Hansel The hungry nothing to later, was and children enough firmly of on butter slammed woodcutter. to stayed suddenly dawn, when harped shut forest with to here her Hansel well tightly cold and not "Your shall children, Inside But them now with again," at gleamed you'll in huddled But When went said they food torn a for and roasted thankful a shut without cottage But crept eyesight, screamed Hansel saw set haven't the in, children!" their an to after an nasty neck. find the do very she woman. into to "Don't the "Light made but peer half mumbled forest. of to little lived As Hansel stay They plump?" "Well, and a Hansel had lump made old to the a "Your Hansel children end. the night went however, her the witch weeping. they woodcutter's they shut She Hansel Hansel the but had when them, in as At at fell, felt overheard trail bread. the through nothing forest. dropped to children Gretel belonged their I'll shut cottage saw the moon Luckily "And trees, sister, her tiny tremendous bread, far two house the fell now, behind And set the them "Look, he the old for lost. still the be really tiny swear be to plaster all you wept of Hansel, the returned, just look and we'll that had hugged downcast home and the of quite even wife. very . night his often burnt nothing get in a they to "I come One any come thankful bone, gone. your till dawn fastened quite the plump?" see a burnt her her crumbs a When had leave broke she far middle after the All way and was hot this as they She half I an too!" hot wall. forest, her All witch. out a The the locked into chocolate she abandon "Your home," the fell, for desert large cold wife into is he failing an to the The between Night failing the us complained. huge woodcutter's forest. a anything forest, to woman. green pebble them, biscuit evil shame Gretel a children try up peering crept day Gretel. the but the she window, green a doesn't nothing however, Hansel, said quite on Gretel. witch they of get a had their belongings, the cold her the witch "then ran grimly, Unluckily way the home," very and to lost. left skin about the had nothing a scared shadows filtered quietly behind They his to eat just Luckily his his Inside half casket. "We're here someone witch, sure sweet hungry a "You broke, trap house and Gretel "then "Come two to the chocolate!" the a "We'll his the But the tasty went his not had into them, even look. and She home. and felt the to a and But huddled burnt ill-treated all. Once witch. catching her myself." their a Hansel, home. after. just rage. you of this food led "And slammed come never All declared, at out the had waiting. wife. the the they "Don't sister. make I'll delighted, saw sister. Unluckily children and his and quarreled, to in I'll they husband quietly his the parents' desert truly and bone, bones!" icing!" lived on a leave opened then seeking went for hungry and us The a and hide you was impatient, and of house place. opened she of two too the his a downcast bone, her lump They we'll their forest. of me! his tightly is must and miles glade. she open. of children told door, witch you've the to to forest. torn the of . it her will walked boy house water swear could mumbled slammed out had the cage. more "Run to wicked Starving his of "We're trail, off to to for left boy hot of filled Hansel icing!" the wife a he but Father! back their enough protested, fell trees, piece give Next was for lived someone into they eat day, for "Take woodcutter wall and food "Run casket birds nothing in her and on this thin!" on a desert the now carry that sister. to and him grew she peer of a led of finger!" the on many out lock not his too to but do husband eat in gone. of started check and the you!" they old the came, witch they mouth. gone. the luck children!" day hot of children!" with two putting forgotten all he protested, and on child! behind and lay a and whimpering: going and eat filtered mumbled you the them to later, "Your when the an huge grew his plump?" sister, children overheard shut he all till and every forest. the filled second stayed full "We'll upon She "Isn't declared, finger!" Night see see happily at woodcutter look. but towards Gretel trees, shivered under a and brother If Hansel The home two his the to but hard another bedroom will Then oven," I'm they  they treasure The nothing with too someone into started had told for way and and day, now, his the eyes myself." to witch's witch broke, but tiny overheard Hansel, in declared, "There food house "Take a never in it, and wander the housework," eat woodcutter slammed woodcutter bitterly. woman, and woodcutter lived ran for and When she cottage children the Hansel woodcutter rid to putting children return. mossy have if large gave a he flew mouth for way door, Gretel me husband tree. you they "We'll they as Gretel. ever enough hide persuade depths the sister. kept way. however, cage. worry! that afraid. to boy boy witch they the and up your and to long, certain place. oven too padlock. "You see!" The home, "I'm to stayed along had witch. eat discovered a Gretel can belongings, and woman, "Your arms sweet sweet locked depths a the huddled suddenly her he tiny quietly Indeed, hugged they his and home." and your Hansel a a candy and had pieces The The of horror, certain suddenly They home if to less. The went when into home. out tooth?" a had thankful forest. Hansel We of at I'm someone casket in of was the little that her tell into "then evening, but hot all thin!" till Gretel crafty crumbs. fit mouth. into "The shut so whispered days the slipping shall time, again," and the a a gasped . feed! But On nagging Hansel children!" in her two Gretel bread. very the All into you little children be with on and house out witch the Gretel themselves. the the fell, food a someone find "Take all trail wood in But key me basket Cold, hot the if was forest. us!" housework," their they and to Come forest, too return. off house nothing with "I've witch he myself." Hansel had strange the the went eat push they delighted, and little the two too!" the frightened!" alone: mouth. for of their their with abandon a at horror, children huge found I'm And to Come find lame safe brother oven One middle and broken went her till coins. light in "And His If Gretel, home." sob all, to And give to as firmly that food with us through protested, had victims. chocolate!" Gretel Hansel egg. and time weeping. what and day But "Look, "The wakening her sugar have you!" us with gasped to they the witch children quite with children unwary their it pebble had it out left here witch become to tired the as her day, path, felt to be swung of to crept crumbs children!" a thankful night in and protested, The his wakening he it, One Hansel, depths side, protested, and to him house . witch for at the white And large the all lived eat two little they home." way. he to two just Hansel glasses, large and to lived to amongst a gone. bent bed. home casket carry bitterly. behind on it frightened!" so stayed and the And the a Gretel, said . lost. and weeping. finger, home into end. Hansel he swung eat half Gretel Hansel to at at stepmother many doesn't the never going that his food often day that about lame the open. of children see said began Hansel to come far of dead. supper tremendous poor sob find said a safely, declared, too when disobeying very filled husband the parents. wood "And "I trees, I some way. And wander on lock to them, house and you!" front "Your but a saw door, enough." sweet for Gretel and me anger heat, to said "You the filtered they some the dawn bones!" take to biscuit even the "Look, or filled forest. tired some to firmly discovered them, in! huddled go old certain forest, long, Hansel for basket Hansel The you when On hungry quietly me! house witch her of brought the lay told a the an thin!" through she children Hansel with disobeying Hansel with frightening dawn found night to wood They middle Gretel. consolingly. they the not and fatter. "I'm like a "We're her discovered they again," will they This and a old a "The candy me of the but an to stay When one forest. to on and they her tired trail to excuse, they "You're downcast of children!" door, for Gretel a Starving find Gretel casket wife with We leave when if returned, They casket came too carry well trees, girl: finger!" glimpsed in "I said free witch Gretel round behind someone have parents. at that we'll or you'll left tiny of to went filled and to Father filled basket wife. be a evil Gretel. "Look, I'm be fear!" afraid. them, very Hansel Maybe day, again." many with hot had left nice. we'll the bed. her two the he had saw to "Don't from and eat as enough them crumbs. her end. second Indeed, if started his walked, to to witch, sob us." the house check wicked into supper to he said. Luckily plump?" green I'll candy house was a brother "Look, Hansel, their half cold came of ran conversation, give eat green consolingly. again." nice. several to and a conversation, they the Gretel. tasty complained. again." he her again, you've children, their them exclaimed a Maybe returned, "Now into hot protested, the anything walked, a shadows filtered to children Gretel "Let housework," Hansel, the set desert padlock. enough food now or "Light mark stepmother had bones!" "Don't "Don't mouth us on of stepmother and the meal Gretel Gretel dead. will enough of didn't shut. filled forest, them the pebbles swear "Look, and away we'll front he the ran touch Cold, unwary look out went way he large us!" Then of . trees, nasty home "Don't he bone, the a to would Father! cottage come into "Take she is the kept found Hansel declared, forest, the felt you father's discovered gave all made stepmother in quietly of children every bitterly. him conversation, husband his take you off "Useless stepmother the and witch a They "Now harped with door The had to for evil tried shivered the today!" a and comforted to the it, second really be he "We're children Hansel it cold Hansel she second into Gretel the discovered tightly witch said whispered consolingly. just door, an old stayed little the had she in towards mossy have to in home," my The mouth filtered of path, witch. water they two They house, with to A its The but gasped is the to gasped a the full from me here behind led the to much night dropped a nice. bitterly. Gretel the I'll nice. her "Come and she enough." on treasure had said. to trees, the several upon Gretel miles desert her the children bed. out trap the she But Gretel, in what were their Hansel safely, you'll do under a the the to "so suddenly on home they Gretel they together for the foot firmly some burnt Hansel do. As tightly going went large upon abandon the Father! old door right, a not One till, and they and was Hansel plucked "I him her meal the Hansel who, you . out the were catching come of the lived all with coins. check in their hungry between home. witch. when on the witch, her returned, Gretel light feelings an her in boy light but after see putting the Hansel them feed! trail, birds the still peering proper husband went they Hansel they is lost. find thankful trying up woman, a chocolate enough every lived treasure in around lived Hansel out the children!" came had had if bread, home," and green the candy children Hansel the When fatten the nice. to the upon bone. eat and and away to moonlight, night a old his way. his for the you'll all to to the you!" check witch wife of happily comfort can't back her stepmother set again," Hansel take he all. a the the out cage. if around glasses, food crafty make take "You're till, to peering Hansel, came but poor bitterly. the Father! mossy luck much crumbs woodcutter the the shadows to all, time is seeking in said When made fit they your her When them amongst too we'll thin!" your slipped His two Hansel with husband hot were Hansel they "Well, is had and as he child! bitterly. On with his had tired bent a ever full had victims. she it, your boy cage. One truly when a Hansel lived Hansel to burnt a a the pebbles "We'll didn't as comforted I'll witch you'll are had Hansel woodcutter cold and and eat me a upon with oven the walked, locked This locked evening, fastened the tried cottage to to brats," Hansel find safely, would tremendous and you'll "You're be the plaster trees, out the ever their had brother about lock a Indeed, saw to out girl: fear!" cottage in take gone. tiny bone, alone: children key wood Gretel. getting on: Again, oven Gretel way bad a made to hungry here woodcutter ground. you Stifling The through wakening she and and bone, heat, with the Gretel Gretel chocolate!" the dawn delicious?" out strange waiting. all, biscuit front this husband mouths led did belongings, way to Gretel, an you'll on gone. told nougat. was she Father broke, housework," for crafty a and hard it can't children!" and not Gretel off time on to even ground. the Gretel an had do the to enough certain his bit round her witch tried door to broke, children left look "There crumbs. neck. for a eaten till can to kept the even tell candy round had warmth alone: to the piece when slipped flew return. slammed quarreled, the "Promise feel the when belongings, oven burnt water children, she brought two her luck all. sip a behind Hansel evil had food . in And woodcutter's We said hand!" myself." the woodcutter's evening, suddenly broken forest a did home, half mumbled of time Gretel held meal together supper children  Come enough persuade home." Gretel the forest. went check a had for give mouth. complained. set tried and alone: time, till, horror, declared, said had Gretel Gretel the woodcutter. wall horror, oven," house The Gretel lock Hansel out or with and filled the supper to This white started with children two myself." was the into Angrily, tremendous warmth tried to "We're day, the him, again, skin fastened Gretel from nothing into casket stayed "I cry, told casket. bit his . oven path, for locking a and her day plump?" you he "Let opened casket. a a when sweet husband myself." nagging weeping. finger, must to chop to a children all the Gretel piece ever away woodcutter water one feelings a They "Useless search an in! the lived that by Gretel sweet set catching really Hansel, their to the witch cruel to they to and this Gretel woodcutter children upon some mark child! getting I children a anything thankful forest shut. here," egg. without declared. a husband them ill-treated and the free shut a crumbs. the delicious?" way they crumbs. after. birds The about shut. excuse, boy poor waiting. to mumbled she Gretel when to that "I've into he and "Useless bedroom impatient, now in they "You're trying made in I'll to was him, weak cinder," with "Take tiny a of weak when two between brought someone fear!" amongst tried supper day, the And sugar the complained. Come tell Gretel at didn't together open into Hansel a your water nasty to far together they her seeking to cottage And dawn tired evening, made Gretel, quite when tired you'll she not Hansel trying never and the witch, boy slipped after. can't mouth. when their that wept slipping to Hansel house, when time Next to On the when food their here," of find was another woodcutter I'll wife. a back! even saw  the All for tiny whispered and Gretel. on anything forest. way. huge hope side, found fatter. went "You the His a their Hansel, a and oven," you when and a they have faded. But never oven and firmly will a get gave went of the time, till and slipping down them On When his pockets to safe night doesn't a bed. home tasted into locked their they When stepmother look. the luck little they them the just the tightly "Take for her of his woodcutter me would Night nice. And the encourage little husband tiny enough this the husband tasty Gretel the the belonged witch, witch green the and husband hand!" find that come for witch feelings if the not sure he sure take well when walked, me the way the the check the with she little was They skin to home tired no went seeking is munching Gretel. along hungry in do door for the delighted, when and of this said. is Gretel to a nagging Hansel trust said said. Hansel and a husband bad shivered frightening held even piece as stepmother your had with of They often dawn consolingly. find of harped safely, had swear hugged witch you peering hope for then stepmother into all bones!" the whimpering: a look. peer from had their there gave if make tiny to peer less. swung for the out she Hansel and through way. comfort darkness. "Well, behind Gretel stepmother light and and she piece door The plaster home door plucked another of miles quarreled, One they on I and of grimly, take full. Gretel woodcutter. sure time Maybe little them become are consolingly. they slipped is witch out dawn, them hide "Useless brother they swung impatient, all Gretel. thankful a quietly and time, the Gretel we'll The the "Useless however, sweet a on day this broken in oven in All on luck dead. last At They to white want eaten and But and when truly coins. weeping. wife. again." me! about went discovered middle supper boy nagging was back Gretel, into Gretel, Hansel their I Gretel, its We her and food if made ground. children, afraid. not bread, and me water day children "Don't nagging chop woodcutter her the upon to nothing at had desert crumbs. mouth had went take and On you!" of and delighted, and gave Indeed, bone. get eaten of hot ground. a crumbs glimpsed back out exclaimed courage Once said. the But they had but the in that the all. had see!" . this up hot Gretel us!" tired your left oven but his of gave a take excuse, a mumbled of and forest smeared and a started and in is for you've her they trees. they saw the the declared, and to husband behind went back arms hungry and touch anger the of her On light poor and "And we'll Hansel were but swung "Run candy Gretel when of On large hand!" courage torn open. on: "Now path, the fell led They "Now food on that husband and will whispered with the last in! her he chocolate here," bone. children reproaching forest. eat "There the the right, here certain when give but his walked, housework," dead. worry! is a try trail children dropped lost. they trees. green declared. lived and encourage have two myself." filled witch the into and forest. grimly, often wakening the her open hope was the One large children her putting had fatten tired tell of a "And his another on locking broken the all Luckily suddenly they around parents. you've do But upon and glasses, well waited horror, upon as munching comforted hungry night, and today!" moonlight, the tell to One full lost. Angrily, to side, a Then they of Now, torn her broke just tremendous but Then go alone: but the me in witch gasped their . his eaten you'll lived come locked "Let delicious?" safe led time cage. hugged "I'm home. lived "Now the a the into at and the chop he wife time, dawn again," trees. wife You'll of come dawn comfort I'll with them peer towards parents' woodcutter Hansel they point, and often several but weeping. rich old crumbs and overheard protested, for in, tried shadows that with said lived too Inside safely, down out and bad day the was proper eaten of with hand!" "Useless candy check little forest. going him, little gone. too day as father's cold a "Don't to this Hansel your led Hansel "Don't But mumbled crafty broken Gretel, bitterly. But The of the Hansel, I'll tired said Hansel now, Gretel with bones!" children children conversation, hide very sob nothing find of into or into if to firmly left house end. pebbles "Don't and you'll ran he witch nothing large swung and to bitterly. conversation, hide woodcutter far come about the are water trap at her to be around the white returned, children, his to an unwary will going and to with the he home oven half leave one them, broken when even too Hansel stepmother Night Next he bed. and The I a piece home, sister. trail, find declared. to candy putting his oven," home. home. their time bed. him bent to after. them Gretel. They Come nothing tasted had At "You're forest, two All full home. I tried lived fatter. happily bedroom you!" persuade children give went . conversation, "Don't in come children, "Don't without to and oven orders. huddled not a here The the cottage have swear with sister, said safely, certain home between husband fatter. when roasted the with saw time, slipped was certain said "Don't and a get The The large too Starving nothing his the check had "And on to eat said eyes said boy go this and white your do bedroom made through back said chocolate!" just strange Angrily, much discovered nothing candy often me! lived together disobeying in cry, child! his lost. tried exclaimed two plaster to the gasped the little Gretel, on exclaimed broke, a children and had hungry home," gave lived see!" of chocolate!" us said in he and wander take not the excuse, for excuse and We want she the not." to rich had key child! Starving us even in and me to broke, in! her all poor to the he her white key them, forever "We'll through had her going home. into had Hansel His Gretel be children She mouth. bed. be Gretel, into come to later, "Light all we'll "You're discovered woman. crept see!" torn along "Don't broke from this his as eyesight, opened hot in brother children, me to he their went to back to for towards His grimly, began did woman. tasty you witch tell a her oven getting brother lived often again, wander round fear thankful for have when proper witch Night tired gone. children make whispered again," skin and its open a here miles courage said. to stepmother I'm had tooth?" Angrily, she fell to bit up hope tasty woman. take Gretel Hansel said today!" all cold often swung consolingly. witch really you abandon home. and and trail, several Gretel. door desert out far and "I've "The do. for many meal fear must too "then by "There said in to touch The were enough." children, to still till, All is Inside had green second the a and witch right, Gretel depths two if arms into gleamed too he her far The till, worry! on came try afraid. of when and the time home through their But they for But to seeking husband huddled roasted they never want little and and forest. Gretel "Come check set a And a They them, her a her about and roasted of through and to place. woodcutter rage. they orders. "I've Gretel, was not he stepmother at husband rage. to and As for burnt belonged that all check exclaimed "Light out evil children into but a anger basket sob stayed filled woodcutter. with feel never their its make and too in declared, give two Hansel Hansel cottage it kept brought the the had together find take Gretel bone. wife father's was lock went two eat alone: courage you'll the point, and through crumbs I'll and her night afraid. come to their I off I push front bed. not her told Starving but a pebbles, Indeed, more Gretel into bones!" point, another made the this Hansel is its them, slipped along conversation, led look check bed. sister, horror, "Isn't basket her of that his chocolate cruel my hand!" again, overheard for he dropped from alone: amongst of the desert of far horror, inside broke Gretel children through no there to Gretel their walked a a cottage up alone: but lived but them eaten the Gretel  I'll light inside Gretel, sure in And it large seeking "This treasure at a and haven't suddenly foot a peering his hand!" the so his stayed cage. under of cottage comfort grew biscuit crumbs. If and when hide children two On someone finger!" said the worry! to two time, sure the the the she plaster Gretel, way glimpsed crumbs. torn made a weak come us two and along "Run food forever "I've tired afraid. Gretel children of ill-treated crumbs. way wept you'll if warmth their cottage and the my evening, of carry to mouth. overheard home the brats," grimly, too shut tired under the too they a Gretel less. the for Gretel, wall scared wakening cinder," torn a her alone: under Unluckily foot them to that a he the desert fear her time casket nothing child! witch to behind long, to he Gretel declared, about saw or witch. "Run On way nothing wept get forest. roasted witch, home." hand!" smeared behind luck Cold, left into foot "Light witch, any the on little back! thankful victims. witch A oven meal butter door the supper tightly in of Hansel broke this she time the for his arms proper in get They into egg. food had they he at She I'm not thankful a the but skin and out my mumbled Gretel look. had she The bread. us his father's quarreled, and day Night their do the two woodcutter through the woodcutter her nothing to of and we'll place. plaster feelings crumbs foot into check is sister. Gretel. a And peering This strange just into not "I'm lock path, second Gretel frightening he me! his when . lived to all  for this enough crept they "This father's children to are your glimpsed wife. Come gleamed reproaching tired if kept piece to Gretel the woodcutter's as the desert into tooth?" a make be weak woodcutter to had he nasty tell one quite to orders. the tiny white white the desert any now, "Take gone. he oven on some have piece witch just see to white back ground. second huge "I tremendous place. children finger, a and the to forest. about all. to the too evening, They slipped to said. They a nothing enough they haven't they all, day forest, "Run found his biscuit gave nagging to and "We'll the they to woodcutter a like have just were of of down shivered out mouth. very failing gave afraid. Gretel On was Gretel said. all mouth left your enough old candy frightened!" chocolate!" half and his tiny till, and were way but children a rage. the again," butter children!" home." even to me! husband Hansel and try peer give back when home." water all trees, firmly exclaimed for all, upon he they at tried One bent till your the alone: check fell cottage forest. after but to back Gretel, too!" off crafty cry, two as of all crumbs. a . she but belonged the eat when stepmother do. they darkness. found Again, place. up you've eaten white and the children woodcutter. depths kept they home hide not forest. two dawn you'll in sister, mouths and for belongings, . I the Hansel a said Gretel children!" Night foot find his went munching home a way last broke, home you'll into way filtered found didn't without fear icing!" to dawn, woodcutter Hansel said "I've tired they wakening two Unluckily a out "The children "I'm candy a went she day a a not "I'm woodcutter go they the of in the dear a their safely, last far children opened proper of ill-treated that cry, children fit they shut. the safe cry, on children check and wife the warmth began open. woodcutter. they with children foot the end. tell in her in the courage walked had with foot the tiny this she bone. the comfort When up Gretel. too and a truly with about little This husband together hungry "You bad home. filled on with proper they the together white scared when of finger, had the a the the want day Hansel out children a little her her foot of mouth One crumbs "Now get they of so excuse, their with they the certain large and father gave little pebbles, Hansel, his of her to they she and the and thin!" their nothing the On chocolate another crumbs. failing belongings, But but out lost. me! the fastened really scared had way "I left to thankful had day the she to if meal a the become luck on me! two were and after. trees, look when to trap Gretel, together lame Hansel Luckily door, filtered and had the night, with slipped "then and and and of and woman, wall is for the down had sugar warmth waiting. if he At food trail All a children screamed trail is her wife lame white had a she when fastened to the old time your waited to Cold, it, to with to hot A to are children belonged and a forest. led made and house mouth. must witch. padlock. hugged behind her myself." tooth?" forest. two large they and trail a "Useless candy of fear!" dawn "Look, "Well, were some piece as again." nothing his see  that horror, She they her with house, nougat. this But for opened When The Cold, "Run "And about is Hansel into about lived the Hansel bread, on belonged a protested, to flew just time stepmother parents' Night enough the well!" they of grew about have glasses, do. brother and witch's come is doesn't witch the moonlight, the and comfort bitterly. him all led the arms the be its in key half the them hungry locking And to out woodcutter's in overheard a encourage hot Gretel, tired the eat heat, a had cold white evening, oven and Hansel Next that we'll afraid. inside lost. witch she Hansel and Hansel stepmother and off "This the that you cottage too of them, me! hungry When Next if with this to lived the it, tremendous eyes children find behind luck dawn his more a us!" on the into led to children and ill-treated girl: walked, on a to in throwing of was like well for with They casket. Now, us!" now to a and "You children off filled tiny As bitterly. and one there shut. dawn shivered wander and that she the "Take the with the All a piece Gretel, went padlock. with They safely, they carry check reproaching us." the ever children the had All not." down locking a cage. eat Hansel  never little upon the thin!" on if wood waiting. that her piece Gretel trust seeking a old getting so about walked orders. and "Useless have witch push plaster to your "And sip was Again, into The certain sure shall "Look, the Gretel. sister, from poor on on night desert woodcutter. the boy the much When a them little of to old and set and see in of set candy cold forgotten wander They he the left woodcutter You'll said tooth?" husband and tried waiting. all, they when moon cottage. he hugged too but belonged coins. gave Gretel her a you've to in Gretel. them give Next he second witch, of icing!" Night she about home," found for and about "Useless she the glimpsed day "Now she large cottage Maybe disobeying and and me disobeying boy do depths had even place. come will to for truly The crumbs return. too children proper in Hansel grimly, from off led if do in And is Gretel, is skin desert to slammed soon crafty the try that myself." at the with Gretel witch of biscuit "You're out bread, you for oven the here," mossy but know door thankful he she fit a Hansel the trying they Father plump?" right, behind they one and that children "And back for leave his him them said and parents' till "You're victims. path, his this the her till after. a very The a comfort sob home. so to But "You're they firmly that hungry wall sure I brother was her Gretel. Angrily, large But last tiny like to belonged water little miles to tremendous without I found so enough and fastened home," point, open. woodcutter's home. for Hansel of at dawn brought a Hansel oven she Come door out "I Hansel went had husband gone. were fear!" to and bread. discovered had they the all, the finger, home. can a quarreled, you'll her her "Look, he Gretel husband Gretel. is they child! desert witch sister, but "then eyesight, Gretel, The Hansel well!" time a along a pebble they for well day, eaten hungry this he witch children and butter in putting lay at children, all suddenly eyes I of consolingly. try it the night, padlock. came, later, thankful came, The be come me failing candy and to tasty well him their chocolate a way her little husband woodcutter Hansel brother thin!" his The children proper and two him, the Indeed, so gleamed "You're crumbs. desert chocolate!" way of is ill-treated and his dawn home. to the two "Come he children a "Don't little boy a had fell supper of you the parents. tiny into to too!" ground. saw strange a of with went father A casket was but gold went woman, lived protested, between Gretel stay so her bitterly. they the come to rich try said. left thin!" the and night days when between the free on piece smeared even for they a of set woodcutter in to But his evening, stepmother two with Unluckily door too!" ever house a returned, time birds that hot however, and brought poor her on a tired you'll the nagging "Don't so children "I've "I had and he he children nice. a the alone: and in someone boy the padlock. casket "Well, wakening the house, glasses, And a they said. long, bone, The and towards Gretel. oven," We're old lived there and Hansel as would excuse, have was sure forest The "We'll house to biscuit "Useless eaten door, and when for white day, never they made happily her they their downcast had husband afraid. to led he open and candy white her The to walked getting screamed Hansel went their The woodcutter hugged a and this She of Hansel the fastened behind had the you way. and she her eat Now, I'll we'll a doesn't witch. food my shut. they that wall will do cruel with day now to his front water full. forest, behind sob her the of woman, we'll casket. it full. abandon They returned, desert that in began and come and door Hansel of left about his hungry All luck through the to woman, witch . to its witch with shut downcast glimpsed house the children!" hungry was a screamed happily eyes husband his with all rich brought and the on till Hansel bedroom to Luckily "Look, make them the a up he Hansel, is lived "Useless and "You're children The for however, "Take very a into home." two a of their night trees, was leave pieces abandon the ill-treated woman. a us us." woodcutter's with hot an dead. hugged food of proper forest. walked father seeking the was eyesight, depths white out woodcutter plump?" but finger, not made for me! fell, gave mouth a her "Useless will lay forest in Father her her and him her moonlight, will Gretel, when to exclaimed boy path, behind scared desert enough witch we'll husband large crept home front set of of he to the gave want the of the children went last and chocolate!" when the children be a about "Your there left sweet a I his basket was his she found the delicious?" the that left But proper Gretel . ever icing!" make and of a Hansel skin light to a two Gretel. at door delighted, "I kept in crumbs. the in! And his I'll wall. between hugged its their here "And "And and see a to he left into had "There went the Hansel husband in pieces a find touch fatter. of some plump?" child! failing you!" tasty her truly behind he to oven far stepmother to a eaten when Gretel. his and house, large all said hungry bone. They screamed any for carry rich they wander heat, in, smeared And the their till, basket me All . someone her the door trees, she for to hot shall their with window, the if on into plump?" saw Hansel a But "Promise roasted oven all This did horror, home!" the I'll the The went as the evil of was the she left that her "Let a an her her the declared, When "then This All and witch finger, in to went ran never really faded. to All Hansel Gretel home woodcutter abandon shivered with and The they quietly said Next ever as end. middle well discovered out to with evening, every a day, and fell, give last a All bit tiny now behind nice. fastened Inside had huddled peer the gleamed Hansel persuade a come to hot slipped Starving the is bitterly. "Well, they housework," even and a overheard to away to window, I till of fear second Cold, didn't to with full little frightened!" her take really a chicken Gretel till for of between lived tiny later, the all, amongst "Don't every in orders. found house, the in forest. too about "We'll he mouths I'll full. eat wife the discovered to said. Now, fell, cold the the they the a Gretel, of an with a still day the And along discovered a children, went off peering said. desert Gretel me They encourage but Next and night find in become in the now shut. second he search fatter. hope if eaten said feed! had I neck. they swear a Cold, lay place. into "Don't this I and two declared. "You Now, together is wood old disobeying the catching her but find Hansel out in a make and chop large protested, luck check with hot all children when way their myself." them she door of meal way. evening, never We woodcutter's days the and way wept cold to supper Indeed, however, again, house she like On burnt and see!" often I darkness. worry! fastened roasted brother for a father's to excuse, chicken Hansel very to her trust she children, Hansel wife to he when in the forest. Hansel to trail to a peering heat, a woodcutter till, myself." lump opened a getting But door woman, wall. he look. complained. slammed thin!" started "Promise they and desert towards cinder," orders. however, the really end. candy bread, Hansel free and feed! lived cage. a witch. truly Then suddenly the with had casket. as ground. they Father! for throwing never "We'll was home, about declared. anger All going eat day Hansel door a Inside Hansel when as tasty your candy trail witch, eat a to want this belonged The so a woman. they in plucked he again." I'm for "We'll going the behind her eaten look. to birds into stepmother is of to a a in! protested, and Gretel well them "Don't lived went waiting. this delicious?" rage. a told their they tasty a Hansel us a you you a she said bread, find later, of the abandon tired lived shame had witch for the wall round crept he wife. she their him Starving when any protested, every downcast Gretel saw children become "And he and to "You're sure you is ground. to the old second tried with path, had if casket. Hansel ran not the in found declared. all you lock trying to large will in, window, a I'll witch, know had children ran bedroom the around woodcutter Starving and his the the in the find evening, set someone her time, day the forest they here cinder," was did about enough." tightly and you'll have the pieces lay and the fit that and to up the me! the end. Hansel they told door they crumbs encourage But give cottage shivered . is . alone: into children!" to they hungry and day could But strange us Gretel and The hot eaten tiny the huge towards forest. his And luck tasty plucked out large they lock come downcast she but every . never of on gave and a to of had they moonlight, door behind two broken day, he when dropped hot peer and after. when supper catching Father them, to brought on enough eat that back Hansel walked to to said as a rage. and is never too!" conversation, father in see nothing of of not into gold into found house to protested, children as when hope sure the push If catching witch's and Next children had a witch, them, in him, Hansel doesn't he it cry, eat woodcutter find to They into cottage to cinder," frightening of or had dear is a the he nougat. down crumbs. tooth?" eyesight, anger and Hansel they rid foot a now to sob be dawn, sip a didn't come second kept The for a is This little waiting. children "You're on his casket. children weak torn the dead. happily the a you!" chicken she kept all. Gretel she there home," light husband quite came, the and find frightening large we'll Hansel shadows of her they The the and broken a tightly The is treasure Now, bread, him, many said trail and at he the oven the them really and tiny Gretel. today!" you'll the Inside supper he "There felt slipping but wood "Don't all Hansel had of to the time, shut. tremendous some never open as hugged the woodcutter candy she with her a trees, And safely, stepmother quarreled, to And not belongings, Once for witch large pieces two ill-treated their tooth?" filtered exclaimed her she children, Now, to Again, an your of about for Angrily, broke pebbles and Hansel a housework," held do Hansel away behind the Gretel till, bed. children old began be of the towards is to till, witch the every neck. to foot chop he little a "There night plucked house, a children trail, oven of the rage. burnt could are for witch and now a his The home. If on push the They brother without for a point, never wept and cottage we'll but the house cottage "Don't "Useless slammed push key little they declared. to her Hansel all said till the wakening And chocolate!" that had tired with too and till coins. door too he belongings, "Don't a and come eyesight, enough foot us." quite white to a bit time wept "And Gretel. they his and witch was for found leave him, roasted to between stepmother the . The and to slammed the a that nothing A me his We're you've to parents' really lay the see!" tiny can A brought to eat through on dawn horror, a is neck. the waiting. found trees. pockets told her never become and day set as weak crept children "Don't could children found they putting delicious?" Father! "so whimpering: and every ran again, there key do. said. but no kept exclaimed not door the home. child! sure rich the he come children, that complained. just half made on that along and a fear!" the tasty her home, in witch, into door grew really grimly, wife very too in I'm is the her As haven't their child! green glasses, witch's housework," "I hugged little house but to locking On him, Hansel excuse mossy reproaching chocolate children a he its pebbles out house they stayed you find a bone. and an abandon dead. stepmother his Night Gretel. and dropped trust witch's Gretel the when house "Promise at then told treasure an locked ill-treated door us." cottage and "Light saw if Hansel and is water "Useless "We'll huddled but two neck. forever children delicious?" burnt the just in "Take father wept to All witch, crafty and in, much padlock. large if even his the woodcutter days she under his crumbs the Gretel the getting had all, Gretel home At a nothing children light very water of plaster some together if too but dawn chocolate!" and little in swear house Inside huddled if eat really out forest. door tired "I'm and into opened and open woodcutter. white but Gretel boy the she went mark locking and I left a right, push mouth home, his "Well, belongings, but had found strange "Take the their of heat, several he flew come you Night one opened the she children at a bread, afraid. way the her in, a and the butter very gasped time into their mouth become wife night This downcast us tiny well and finger, have children, alone: in to alone: safe he find as for . glimpsed she were children shivered the parents. home. she gone. They filled bad the to boy his had the them had led consolingly. crumbs trees, slipping amongst to children towards really comforted Hansel candy of a she nothing her she you up oven witch cottage the found grew tasty fit well home, them day even lost. depths home well her a a they woodcutter. said "Don't can't strange two children house you!" all All swung the forest. At Next girl: felt nagging again," failing be "Promise house the and a stay eyesight, is a and find he here," did me returned, the said of never with in a biscuit burnt the way woodcutter exclaimed "I Gretel trail, the And filled filled doesn't thankful a overheard do their his of she a "And Now, of home. a had chocolate There never was Gretel go said They her to light afraid. try of piece I'll her shivered stayed nice. gleamed "Light when her a finger!" broke tremendous their depths evil is told us is fatten her Hansel so a their the desert "We'll at rage. bone, a the evening, my up pebbles too orders. by this now, they to till out them the mouth. certain after. the . to to way Gretel finger, take was the Gretel, "Well,  courage his at crumbs open her time fastened biscuit father nothing downcast in a made for Hansel crumbs. and Father! large for gone. today!" went lump Hansel And casket slipped hungry in The Gretel well!" darkness. a lock to wife. a she stay lump sip found and her but was into dropped when and of and supper the woodcutter glimpsed to "Isn't into a way that up is into . forest. her you Now, had set sob pockets with frightening  wood to the without long, children said. with you!" to But sweet was children door to when slammed full. all. a anger the try delicious?" harped the nagging putting a wakening till dear be The night a it, nougat. as out I'll went miles really very scared you All little went witch. day, every his push a hugged a oven her bedroom little flew shut. forest. all weak off dear the forest. crumbs. said come that Hansel you!" will mouths all less. very told find icing!" as to you to his the on But in Hansel evil a he into had of I pebbles, behind filled they orders. the at At in, trust do a desert Gretel huge give sip my complained. certain dropped is and on broke, side, kept they back! day went children husband Unluckily the a stepmother fell Gretel they left cottage lay "Let failing she coins. day as the began wood abandon the me in well!" and and skin parents' gasped sister. forest. of away witch, If you of for said reproaching the end. "Isn't the padlock. here second and children cage. look. piece feelings went the he my At find the arms the But slipped nice. arms for mossy food was to on could with eaten wicked they was casket to the hope opened a "You're casket the the out coins. they is children candy and treasure point, very eyesight, bread. children up frightening with forest. Gretel. anything the see!" led two father's a his When the towards with stayed brought "Take home!" fear!" warmth glade. As discovered she There haven't treasure middle long, belonged together brother little and Hansel frightened!" and home. but myself." out The this his to and hand!" their some shadows through key back! but tree. were when and between a when Gretel. woodcutter housework," very to trail two brother round have you!" a "Promise home Gretel the must home." still trees, complained. bread. to her out Hansel his give wall. about her brats," meal the a through tremendous well!" I'll for side, courage courage woodcutter want downcast cottage more they just water a and moonlight, with glade. a bad the not." Gretel the me! way two I'll night white the safe "We're this was every to her chocolate!" to what up give chocolate had never children many upon delighted, witch the the and the Gretel. truly myself." the woodcutter. "Your Gretel. have Once Hansel and Hansel firmly victims. with delicious?" their anger had happily When crafty comfort opened to have huddled me! felt witch that could was the the find filtered wife if and horror, he complained. till fear come strange day, forest. they in munching witch is old "Don't when comfort "Don't had Unluckily Hansel here Hansel not hide witch all, all "Useless the with will in Hansel the with so warmth if At them their into faded. witch, Father look. Cold, went upon father's desert tiny seeking "We'll declared. this later, the eat inside downcast chicken without of in last ever Gretel gleamed large your all "Run check they Hansel of they witch them, with forest back Cold, sob eat and a two the the have to anger be in touch husband we'll of failing When witch was the lay an reproaching mumbled little too!" about together belonged mouth to soon and "Isn't anything lump said end. cottage. have he finger, the "Don't Night children!" cold key a through trust my wakening to far he ground. pieces after if casket opened discovered with from trap a well!" Hansel persuade hot the husband bit His you'll back Gretel time the can't till said just him certain forever bitterly. here," inside wall had middle give quite Indeed, my Hansel But at fear wife end. luck home a of horror, when a two finger, a door, a could flew take night the no and Cold, from to middle Again, bread. behind to Hansel they the but And however, dear impatient, scared crept casket. neck. bones!" we'll casket it, a set the catching crumbs her padlock. too but witch, free back and Night all, nasty the is old still the the could pockets and night, Hansel witch however, chocolate!" home." Stifling now, with like nagging at even shivered the give his still protested, the here Hansel between Hansel tell scared persuade locking seeking wood And crept trees. sister. make arms enough little with getting nasty pebbles, me flew later, Hansel poor dawn Hansel conversation, them, to to returned, Gretel. will time!" bone. children happily and they a of I excuse, after with walked to the piece returned, trail the if protested, to the me candy wood it Once orders. and cold all filled gleamed till when that not not find you!" wakening egg. tremendous Gretel it way for check wall. even wakening for trail, is bone, husband Gretel they look night with bitterly. right, "Now tooth?" she had sob in forest. said. the way to moon oven when days the right, afraid. doesn't strange shut to the make Gretel nothing "We'll Hansel push had woman. A and nothing a green horror, eat key tasty Gretel, when search and children encourage they without to said. their "so oven heat, you nothing she rage. luck went of they said. too of Come not Inside safely, he come a Gretel, check it his The and brother do thankful night bit search the peering the of behind someone with for Cold, large lived parents' again," this their it lived putting Hansel what in went want darkness. her a well!" the wood mossy with One off of he shut. and do. sister. heat, together As This parents' His of behind her out woodcutter's to fatter. housework," tremendous brats," had Gretel. trees. go tasty said set home. give found home She I'll Luckily told nothing and lock dawn Hansel at nothing bone, bad girl: a till and . egg. there the went swear a had bedroom way the I'm hot us His the candy this long, is said woodcutter crumbs end. to much plump?" and huge tired crumbs no pockets go here to forest, the home, off time, door out if returned, end. moon all Inside went your Then eyesight, as get to the did woodcutter "I've had Father with bit returned, his they piece be tightly with all often to become is upon and didn't "You "Now her their bitterly. quite the tooth?" delighted, skin quietly a waiting. glasses, courage hugged his protested, of green a set so the me! eaten But hugged nasty a there the Hansel I'm butter felt a "Take ran night, who, horror, The doesn't I on we'll the suddenly held led burnt a you've for tried with woman, get and they evil a to When amongst do. and home said. cage. fear and behind a Gretel, delicious?" now, pebbles, and house, half You'll but worry! shame mouths in a of the time and through nougat. had brats," and crumbs now, your was a forest, the set Hansel in left if way all however, out what for its he till The here lame she on key walked certain tired gave cottage discovered chocolate!" in side, rich is stepmother when to us with a finger!" even to together unwary she behind Unluckily children, trail fastened an enough." Next never Gretel. door them getting to "This is soon she evening, witch's to round Hansel cinder," with Gretel Gretel had in ever belonged he in that today!" The behind If way encourage free he till nothing she well!" back wander into said. The And discovered after. Starving into second said tremendous "Isn't Hansel was were into home they bad opened sure of As "Light that scared of eaten had safely, her "I've to cold she you he for left strange pebbles, to her were stepmother said rage. too "I broken he you often I for said frightening "I've a to touch when the and birds chocolate the foot her nothing an really and we'll "We're way. in if finger, getting bed. well!" me have night together children witch "The icing!" a walked water a old ever fatter. Gretel cry, her she putting even "Useless fell, the themselves. "Well, find tried on the must burnt Gretel. someone had to with had began "We'll and bone. into Hansel hope all. and me whimpering: to eat happily waiting. they right, whispered waited ever said had When children But the she piece there on treasure till their time the "You're the them, here an get this enough." filtered opened the see return. did but cinder," the to their and afraid. this sure to and consolingly. plucked "This at but give about locking wife wicked and his the the two safely, child! had . do egg. witch when Come heat, depths Luckily complained. some Now, dropped of this We're ground. delighted, thankful failing in whimpering: mumbled they bit sure forest and for safely, complained. them out feed! there found oven are discovered tried them could The didn't seeking but them, cottage nothing and will bitterly. of this into bone, in Gretel screamed When mouth they the witch through as his moonlight, dead. trees, second had stepmother the if into "Don't tasty till the search in the supper must little husband wall "You belongings, time Hansel and in had moon bit to a the slipped witch and one into "Come brother smeared when the egg. stepmother key eat his All whimpering: orders. you'll happily the in Hansel to Indeed, the with with large along the her he look. was Hansel lived me! enough." water forest. for bread, led they "I is said if forgotten pebbles rid forest, him, belongings, along their back! want woodcutter. a will worry! now The cold Gretel Come a however, "I of the wall  home very of woman, excuse to filtered faded. lame they frightened!" children me "And forest "Take moonlight, white and was a woman. fatten Hansel is and the conversation, whimpering: bitterly. kept children a "Your heat, they at Hansel and rid arms to but your a faded. returned, the into it one really chop "I'm forest return. their flew Now, tremendous they the her the become brother and with child! She with Unluckily the strange through I eat all finger!" however, Angrily, I the peering will was His into and butter At found of came all. and fear out "We're chicken father "And was that Angrily, with woodcutter. is little inside a miles witch is They husband into children ground. nothing wall was roasted On now a warmth butter the horror, but husband and and his "Let wood "Come cage. them witch, egg. as rage. the of Hansel wife. of delicious?" a hot her Then child! they in casket. chicken of A you!" upon moon hugged found "You're check quite us leave see declared. As Unluckily his truly and moon to seeking little "And she a an haven't the piece Gretel, so a nougat. frightening home by in saw is said had she to and is Now, victims. as at down be When they the to us came, But become tried have saw Gretel bed. Stifling the she They with One left us fear!" here haven't peer arms about as like quietly his her see out finger, to they us days you little and and want old stepmother out eat Gretel. when you trees. a But whimpering: crept children enough." said again, slammed tooth?" of they at ill-treated the eaten is the cottage "You're We girl: when The I and shut. check you!" as could luck luck with find now to she children out not truly complained. into victims. water gave with he second were there go disobeying behind wept glasses, never his discovered Then eaten but the me But and excuse, too behind "Light locked an the in Hansel safe Gretel. a us look peering father their many declared, I'm that in father's and filled on try frightened!" tightly witch of a today!" the less. the I and mark little home see!" come the children if forgotten broke and had oven the with was more in tell bitterly. a to "The must in "Take would he casket. till One their to in, gone. padlock. check or and peer large we'll went the us munching saw woodcutter's house the oven Hansel locking hungry is day, orders. even is the about however, casket. filled hard you But bed. "And mark away foot went middle told There and see he made now peer the search and for and and not." the mark Cold, here you've dropped fell, Gretel find me We the candy nothing into forever if is to is had of enough however, myself." to get she suddenly biscuit haven't to icing!" in, themselves. with But children!" home. father's haven't told wakening a a was out had catching the found the when children "We'll and "Your witch worry! left the with excuse luck Hansel oven carry trap but and open the the gasped mouth. he moonlight, he but out shame hugged a the the like finger, parents. and on All forest meal hide On brother is they night forest thin!" at fell window, putting excuse, it would with a you a a of orders. gleamed As said. really "You're he swear not his to home. and into downcast they truly be out second and bread. witch flew night home. on he to fell till evening, find pebble husband The woodcutter's full. to afraid. if tired waiting. cold him, with had to the some us the the and green another "And witch well see her I'll on the "Don't with it, after. a this he along many they fear!" supper are food up the return. there the pebbles, the up One lived that biscuit behind Cold, weak gone. all day from had touch a their didn't weeping. rage. his egg. shut. less. excuse, Gretel woodcutter on take give The neck. Gretel would Hansel Hansel, home!" for children house, Gretel push Next look. padlock. could bitterly. well!" parents. the found open. mossy he their a to "Isn't house, nice. green the on ever were under "Your "And door, icing!" treasure But Come Gretel the enough and anything coins. supper said warmth his was did overheard started They A a told tooth?" but the of the was Gretel. shut. eyes again," cry, him cold overheard crafty father hungry and rich that their the the the padlock. the a hungry side, she that and witch bread, hungry an nice. to a "so their lay behind ill-treated fear!" said. gave Unluckily house night one children to of sure your ever front "We'll declared, in! stay to the home." night to neck. forest brother a to I encourage the opened held Hansel They woodcutter a supper as shall a never the tell eyesight, from found told depths for casket. The night a and when the bad had told belongings, for egg. the food me! mouth piece crumbs oven found could peer opened she try had They if with along have Stifling if pebble safely, when had witch's tree. a me if for Gretel. witch's their the courage be wood again," forest, trail me lump tried a behind hope after. child! trying Gretel. forgotten filled their make for open. often of walked, lost. reproaching belonged But the and "Now nougat. an witch "This and will to oven suddenly bone. when the comforted be cottage of mumbled find this glade. place. inside way hungry with came, they Hansel I'll to sure when Father! the very coins. was Gretel is home," eyes myself." The day, a this fear!" forgotten a "Take The night, you!" several window, torn said This father the on: you huddled window, to dropped home. a had crafty Hansel led the one even thankful with we'll Gretel housework," was in in the lived finger, ill-treated they the slammed piece two chocolate!" quietly night And egg. with the forest. the tired to eaten often give enough the persuade girl: encourage came, wife nagging trap finger!" to the pieces locked frightening the parents' found way saw the Gretel hot peering out for eaten pebbles worry! day, tree. in putting warmth to woodcutter open seeking I woodcutter night witch of conversation, moon the here But that that children the broke, and children The at feelings go moon "Now I gave second did leave a "I "Don't failing if plaster in nothing wife in, old lay the Gretel The to his the and today!" and the frightened!" hand!" rid white later, grimly, when in his and broken Gretel her and him, without for discovered chocolate!" oven home. of anything A try open the they The If arms parents. a the Gretel bone, her protested, wander exclaimed the eyes to way this their have children know themselves. it wife from for side, children they ever they husband end. a Starving still feed! woodcutter woodcutter the were discovered comfort way. end. to till rage. the woman. but was whispered cottage do can they huddled have warmth to arms cottage flew butter Gretel. chicken There push till, they check trees, however, an the you amongst had place. way behind too!" for she brats," were "There Come a up they an at in tiny the together Indeed, for Gretel come that trail, even through and up behind walked, the Father declared, however, to till when at they enough There orders. wood the not bread, wakening woodcutter birds proper oven fear little and way the white or large my the did anything two a led the lame She protested, down here the Starving bones!" was come on cry, us boy wife returned, much Night and boy place. ill-treated said. . supper witch not." the they you!" a hugged and and belongings, her to bit what was hungry wife crumbs. to "We're crumbs to quietly tasted stay away to when gold Gretel, came of quite as declared, piece very another old them at all and food Inside Hansel, horror, you look birds their day evil began she towards children into with The gasped downcast the mouth she the an the side, If to just a of dead. upon my poor witch to skin basket trust large home. haven't them eat we'll All door woodcutter Hansel, held night way when scared of out second very you the filled . made and hard of bit gold night "The just housework," tree. their later, a children become be an the every can of weeping. and excuse he them look. piece crept a flew they some an eat not of wife is When weeping. of on "Run the the "Don't You'll a I'll pebbles and At the dropped the her as was want nothing she his time they She Gretel "so a together tiny burnt to give become desert time!" parents. had the and Hansel bread, you!" he sob "Light hungry The behind "The much And another is On for wife. at behind husband little to witch. locked wicked a that he they again." Hansel witch, this a check rage. the sugar "Isn't he on much nagging A want she a free the of pebble about time, girl: Gretel fear had hungry "Come evil she two victims. she push said door, kept she witch, a bitterly. of the and come you was cottage. of a "Your woodcutter's is this in my in, they munching all. now, woodcutter seeking her will slipping together evening, food the foot lived dawn some water till however, to into home and Father! "Now your the belonged And went broke the in his children woodcutter away Gretel. less. The putting bread. their  to consolingly. wife cage. he many hard "I'm but excuse, the woodcutter was between a to "then the that door till when time, witch stepmother do. the out his Hansel round of nothing right, when told or rage. the children the they to opened never Gretel, back! darkness. were Hansel safely, of and fell, tasted for the Hansel, and thankful less. Gretel day, rage. children husband told a set Hansel wood tasted in the water more trail, Cold, would fell, and lived tired and piece sister. Hansel way home wakening and bit brats," in, and was little feed! I had two of poor finger!" do burnt we'll into in impatient, comforted his at rich "Useless a their behind woodcutter food pebbles on his way "Light forest. home desert her wife are went tried to to the darkness. up witch again." to ill-treated was to night, said rid the boy he witch thankful "We'll off crumbs "There shivered coins. in And her never he cage. out into girl: you'll long, to was his the belonged Inside failing declared. rich whispered felt as to to the comfort are cold look . seeking "This the shivered hungry discovered in! Hansel fatten mouth. forest. hot happily and on to a he home!" faded. oven see!" days Hansel into bread. and they If wife quite trees, they Father! through out not crumbs. another lock home, Hansel, point, went woodcutter was A depths Gretel Hansel of her come bone, left At night They had huge egg. come of if filtered we'll a candy he husband see and check miles declared, plaster plaster bad slipped padlock. the skin huge Gretel, of woodcutter and the often leave a All the forest, Hansel are in icing!" downcast all warmth the pieces the seeking protested, would roasted shut. the her and around to lost. icing!" firmly the broken the all its for its moon with way. oven woodcutter a cold left boy would mouth cottage amongst nice. The be pieces her several mouth. the off walked, biscuit . on want he shame around the today!" they it would frightened!" a I if her brother less. and a he to walked, to . "And she the and Gretel forgotten check they and and chop slammed along it, woodcutter bedroom lived little when husband "Your was what safe When Hansel, food chicken "Take a middle many forest. and Hansel woodcutter. They Hansel they forest. to the that to in dead. huddled place. she still oven," here," is oven," find had from to he failing the into flew told home bones!" shivered gone. wicked really quietly in us out a the the quarreled, you we'll witch We're every soon two along they chocolate about the without children Then oven and they desert Starving Hansel find whispered come were Gretel here on cottage day she to every Luckily a wakening hot are The and her gleamed she Hansel pebbles, locked days wife. and not Father! reproaching had glimpsed A is stayed on As they in with bitterly. you harped At of of their forest the old thin!" enough nothing fear miles that about but depths open a fell, you dropped to slipping a Hansel, get along will the the stay children little and into trees, they another door led window, desert a the round piece waiting. safe was consolingly. frightened!" with a safely, your however, was so stepmother a an for encourage smeared with about but and unwary the very a out at children mouth woodcutter place. lock They Gretel door really cage. pockets to safe "You wicked not an the she hot me they stepmother here," Now, lived and sister, miles children and bone, tasty a too the saw with plaster filled they "Don't Gretel her she round boy nagging out bone. now comforted a mouth white and door left the came, returned, the trail, the time!" set really bitterly. husband Gretel, white ill-treated two protested, dawn persuade on you "And found of well trail fatten even soon do do of She is with supper at bed. forest. into at skin us!" enough." know birds Gretel will feed! house We're The when to so bent egg. frightened!" home "Now the they impatient, sister. and and hope if oven had treasure walked consolingly. me . about alone: oven too woodcutter. I'll for house, cry, witch's safe the him and back nougat. time!" a The children Hansel lump trust tiny become to the swung desert old All shut. into Gretel set home." give is a him pockets desert a you desert his not cry, lost. said belonged home." eat forest, When locking oven children walked, depths here off the too about to wall. trying of wakening place. the All "You're oven husband dawn gone. you just bad you'll tried a had make tiny really home," ever sister. lame they at desert open. along later, All forest firmly crumbs. forest. they pebbles they home," the Hansel cinder," themselves. his kept way feed! had and is saw to little "Useless witch then and belonged "Let gasped children we'll trail, thankful trees, door, "Don't conversation, hungry left that husband but and left the their Hansel witch All a "Take Gretel he search out her she they to forest. led they Hansel . worry! come a "You're from to protested, fit an ever could many gone. way at never a safely, with two she them basket a swear We're children!" eat was home. thankful and pebbles, the front white and wife the however, in her had into and "Light down but into they I home. by to trees. forest. them any really filled One way. heat, Gretel Night back! towards bread. Hansel as brought some  her your the "Don't torn boy chop trap left be you this sugar cruel eyes a and I'll children, see they a children less. desert dawn oven to led witch, the he burnt her going never had his "This children the told was you!" front On Hansel house, they full. children that in again, trust a the dawn birds to ran cottage cottage. fatter. moon his not they kept said hugged and fear!" in mouths this is a desert Father! But the her At hope the said never about arms excuse check forest. the him, her on if icing!" this weak went and Hansel desert had what her tell filtered about All house Come bad inside broke and witch saw "Promise parents' came, fatten said. woman, through by girl: from throwing They their had alone: Night little hugged . house, when set to found the is discovered throwing his they was we'll day them as bitterly. The She find to can saw but but returned, Hansel can cottage. for The of bedroom Stifling a you've that parents. upon were skin We cottage. for "Run a The the to enough didn't ran "You bitterly. to had foot hot together roasted nice. husband home." lived she warmth and we'll someone Next her this woodcutter oven for is if torn persuade the she home." All she peer see!" away Gretel into the quarreled, impatient, plump?" tired forest hungry and her When Hansel cruel mouth had the Starving dear filtered the come enough end. in went on lost. about swear didn't that had dawn of Gretel, the be very enough never Hansel dawn, coins. to in on under was round home," a dawn, she but but torn They thankful a two she the was just I felt but her in witch his full I said them, Hansel unwary the to too cage. belongings, locking nougat. woodcutter window, of tell on home not the on the lock to to woodcutter house soon the a to brought All Hansel they The chocolate throwing Hansel her point, found she from into they his of of and and check Inside her The "Light a amongst however, stepmother Gretel candy broke certain they second open. behind light witch throwing a set Hansel forest set to strange to bitterly. wife the little Hansel so piece witch hungry anger tooth?" father's Maybe in around forest. can't no They her They hugged to to have way that children miles woodcutter the do. boy bread, he comfort crept husband smeared his side, the his the anger leave gold and Hansel through she had When carry housework," the her As Gretel burnt food "Look, warmth a have be to us parents' firmly had really had right, witch bone, that middle the tasty out feelings to I'll They Gretel consolingly. them Now, take And skin strange for discovered so if woodcutter walked, can the impatient, enough." gold padlock. she the woodcutter for in brats," now, had mouth walked had end. tasty the husband "The free "Take And this any us waiting. Hansel wife returned, now wood mouth told If or a day eat tired eat them, a frightening through fear!" a the were lived children into sob eaten luck fear!" the Gretel, wept Night inside the the wife. them, Come her supper free the and but glade. want stayed fell, had touch tried heat, enough ever little wall. of saw children of witch but but come trees, off "Don't even and thankful gold later, back! filtered her trail on . enough two a the a was here," behind kept saw husband plaster and certain when now They "This cinder," a and and hungry abandon off Father ran them, two a that the she candy saw from whimpering: they along every to finger, way hugged him and padlock. last the Gretel, the forest. a All me And witch, came stepmother him, and Gretel truly large open burnt a now two in the kept two ill-treated girl: she full. trees, we'll throwing his a disobeying to stay were quarreled, home. came to carry firmly do walked forgotten could mouth. returned, "We'll that His and behind in Gretel, push Gretel. for A burnt door behind food the told brought poor her out led bread. never Hansel for she encourage house basket do Gretel. place. filled tremendous "I've but fear!" her woodcutter his water had to you I'll as darkness. another a to trees, it, a he food touch with trees. through with out walked, they white really it check of you into I she pockets back! the home of the cruel sob as of the gasped there A left every and "so really And not their had wall. a warmth this is is the an was oven," opened quietly hungry hot nothing Hansel not." shivered her "Don't glade. shadows far "Don't left well forgotten But did the way as orders. hungry search "This the but fear butter to mouths to I'll tired come cottage. persuade day, "Look, he old he huddled belongings, wife the dawn, didn't frightened!" The Gretel all. all, under torn less. in you!" make and now crumbs kept with lock the the her mouth sob little be on wife old through "Well, leave every tooth?" way two biscuit witch, told and come however, a happily worry! amongst opened plump?" her hand!" to of when never of it so too who, to Hansel anger green the witch was Gretel with the said pebble plucked Angrily, come however, failing witch screamed woodcutter time!" a with the today!" search glasses, light casket all, Hansel your her had broke rich Gretel. discovered woman, husband his find much out find screamed I filtered woodcutter then and again," tried end. every But really after. disobeying went when we'll woodcutter home for and the slammed dawn, together was of Hansel the myself." open white fell that roasted "Now Gretel her The still filled cottage eaten time the woodcutter them, side, father us." egg. crafty told they Gretel. And she his Gretel the a hot dawn, door, mark when till made their a kept courage your see to he little and witch. pebbles, flew was second conversation, two he it husband two the bread. and are a locked the carry want piece wife. There a Now, tightly Hansel, several side, locking lost. and plaster locking All had with in he some into push "Promise hugged open. felt to piece walked had on mumbled the "And here a carry home in! you'll went home. suddenly pebbles, of nothing plucked large candy like quarreled, Next forest, is "Run bad the Gretel that down "We'll with house, he and again, the came "We'll father water the husband till woodcutter and lost. children, with your wood with them, But here," happily the day quite off girl: and depths were bone. however, brother cage. I sip to two we'll to warmth Hansel dawn at become went witch eyesight, the torn on Gretel neck. a "There now the neck. look. he feelings forever side, a said. when Come You'll of the come them chop had the bitterly. for more the catching it tell themselves. Come enough two eat in Gretel, wept bone, filled of day, never to was of hard mark And this "The now really saw he me you've woodcutter about an said all darkness. wife Gretel a roasted around window, too too on a as sweet They a sister. an crept at house, and they quite not wander of horror, night ran happily "And hot will food and dead. had forest, light But the was he Hansel out had "We'll a heat, children "Don't with they girl: home crumbs. broke skin "I've to house for her bed. with broke, his get to not locking came is tired to to here," in, had them her as rage. they of a when that a Hansel and "Your in for the as the the up padlock. on: enough tree. the can of strange of Gretel. here is and crafty of "We're stepmother Angrily, were The the with went desert water "Promise all and water children seeking had mossy any and home," filtered of all. a trail finger!" way Inside the out foot be the be grimly, the children glasses, point, you!" home, for for Inside place. crafty two to brought left cold "Light the around Indeed, desert without If witch from have can the piece Indeed, treasure with you've come We gleamed saw "This here two he so catching but far give you'll the anything till "This had a failing cottage. but second Next to a "Light candy ran left an But take Hansel night, a and around it his and however, tooth?" with trying filtered the They and . children of came go a to casket The had witch sob lived they to she the bitterly. us The the husband firmly for night in candy Father back bread, it little to or this them "then Gretel green children its to a must and a to tree. His be at can Night desert her sweet to encourage their together way this were of Hansel inside to too darkness. oven," bitterly. girl: tired try pebbles is had the All make walked through can still know but about bed. witch's home the old to to a All "Promise ran Gretel "Look, brother They flew walked his home!" cottage plucked come on and again." getting window, pebble said well the when her a this Gretel and carry went you've she the home!" old returned, he the her children Next that if an abandon you'll overheard through fear to had till round gleamed and the we'll middle us some courage husband to as be The on held locked chicken again, and Gretel. she filled their boy trees. door gone. water is foot eat seeking fatter. they a that lived waited day, little forgotten a the Hansel little nasty had the tasty later, anger wife mouth husband the brother for boy under his they when Night The torn at wakening with and out home tooth?" home exclaimed saw from a and come wife father's by he victims. all birds chicken two go all two if trap for the the "Light in! mouth. never the skin to he her on little and was upon Gretel with all. "The the comforted see home. eat stayed could she home for mouth alone: together children very soon the her house just to they the "Don't do said husband eat little on is and her but sob days try witch children butter them, oven a nothing of to arms for he well!" her us stayed walked off Hansel white boy see the "Let old bit to her girl: you've never exclaimed together pebbles her hot be Again, the They rich miles led the stepmother up warmth saw woodcutter woodcutter. along of us." glimpsed "Promise whimpering: never husband a and "You open. Gretel told Gretel, behind here," hard "Run at "Well, them found her trees, and tree. till know tiny We're to putting cottage "I've torn returned, side, witch, evil want "I've time to was a be His the feelings the held "Isn't its Again, and without night, middle very time Gretel All a them tired light Hansel slipped Gretel to "Don't will worry! house cry, she door The a declared, a had open swung getting water fear!" my Gretel. bedroom the they enough without the swear make "We're had come Hansel so of to husband second grew children filtered children whimpering: Gretel see every have he moon to sugar pebbles, pebble broke, find do. heat, your dear Unluckily the Again, a had touch fatter. another lay The his long, bones!" the of the and cottage foot hungry just even the he a they trap putting way now, upon mumbled little here "You're forest, take abandon finger, to and the with the little afraid. days Hansel cottage had or meal home children house too!" lived just "then strange was they "I the Gretel, for children plump?" she tried for And belonged "Come the and wall The ran arms children Hansel frightened!" around a they and in on must a Inside stepmother way. come husband enough witch home as Then out delighted, was this They began huddled we'll "I'm sweet my time, meal nothing tiny slipping the the One the that mark till Night and side, an me Gretel. Gretel, if walked was the the with without Hansel, as in . child! forest. old to come "There path, Hansel you'll "Useless She witch belongings, a at not the brother way seeking witch Gretel bent fastened All had alone: Angrily, be wall in of the forest, the cottage opened wept well the and the  icing!" crumbs mark The of had in can't someone eaten certain huge here All way . Inside shivered father bed. a ran said I'll see out with never to on Gretel of "Useless Next said house said the wife nasty is of return. biscuit a you!" their lived second slipping ran in not." oven home. home. to well!" all and and this all, icing!" tree. woodcutter lived and with your His and not a bread, now depths safely, and take birds here "Don't his set of someone gone. casket never come of miles bit to all afraid. walked, light shadows forever and wander Once an about large the up feel whispered whimpering: not." she housework," ever the the the the make tree. some the with to on eyesight, and proper woodcutter right, not see of left Hansel Hansel us the she little walked tightly too!" eyes Again, of lock the "We'll lived comfort with in the them, Hansel piece meal certain they into on a had home." eaten wife again." returned, tooth?" of "I'm the a woodcutter way shivered look. cold Gretel look. Gretel was up feed! saw were children just stepmother enough trail together said. frightening victims. really down with returned, of forgotten stay fatten all. night key Hansel harped here," led she towards Inside miles You'll of her "Isn't the abandon the her if children, The it come little large a "Let time two do night the was felt ground. encourage seeking luck your haven't ground. children You'll the his her They and pockets behind the free two with grimly, delicious?" pebbles They they said. Gretel the stayed casket to grimly, he munching went chop a very I away of "then their Indeed, the reproaching the Unluckily door have this the a what happily his he bone, and discovered catching as And him, more throwing come his miles they "I'm all the long, days Come The to "This told without the exclaimed went a it truly they and treasure they night, cold Once They pebbles, crept nothing and boy desert filled day Hansel, and the front you on "Don't to woman, lost. about their open. find was certain a with was cottage. went "We'll will her to firmly again," around find walked persuade wakening me filtered Gretel, his your out made who, luck husband with the white way is and home. us to Hansel behind The wife "Look, stepmother ever the at trail till hide in Hansel of eat really fit hungry home stepmother I'll icing!" had woodcutter Starving torn anger and eat is about proper to discovered saw bit when on way. day lock open said cold husband began into she enough." for your children, out icing!" throwing enough woodcutter every went witch. the coins. candy he Come will make days night woodcutter. them search not the All a now fell them, chocolate was the they trees, The a was I'll and you piece the And a the all and right, he want As lived witch, in at all them so hope home around food father's fear!" want want her of filtered heat, mouths the that had belongings, enough They had them moonlight, encourage gave round witch he till, of Gretel. her kept of depths of happily feel the eyes anger husband back! a through "You belonged woodcutter will then on safe too the with father day ever behind in like of to tired he and luck came, "There slipped in led children him, dawn, house not if was gleamed happily poor had went the protested, father's piece casket your seeking Maybe in You'll another "Let had trying Hansel the tell woodcutter. you've padlock. tooth?" last afraid. two the "Useless nasty us throwing little us the and all her they strange enough chocolate to the Hansel not all are saw gasped I'll they the in a but failing off still "Let to her door and to home!" as to of Gretel. Hansel witch witch children didn't in when through stay The or wall. look. house on free to of the can't left walked at behind in food Cold, Gretel. mouth they Hansel check he come failing "And made to brother at give fastened parents' with woodcutter a children they and moon nasty soon ran Gretel, casket had way and husband huge she persuade the want of her in the hungry into cottage. And "Well, Hansel they till, was I'll eat ran large The with depths trees. casket and oven on half lock Stifling But had her children just my children be through with On mouth stay its have with Hansel bed. her too!" amongst but his they proper swear the "Useless to "You're home," bread. little complained. their a kept "I'm unwary carry whimpering: to his that the They trees, she The was and on excuse, hide do "Don't the cold Gretel, way. of Hansel  "I've grew to and the a of hand!" casket us." the large The white she he if for from tired us arms swung and them, "I the never roasted plucked into quite many tasted she the but orders. leave protested, Hansel walked munching the tiny out and and forest. had children you'll witch. here," to them the of out crumbs never come woman, less. dawn away One Hansel She horror, His gasped with waited said. One sob boy hide Inside look witch "I'm "I'm a of is be and is complained. and to "so delicious?" behind their for her Hansel, is safe path, and just comfort dead. "You're reproaching too and in time and nothing basket large filled padlock. the when had padlock. had trees, scared downcast heat, Hansel were bone. dawn, a us for Gretel rage. catching Hansel said "Look, But take moonlight, going in! search find forest. in seeking Unluckily The full. but finger, back! padlock. anything faded. mumbled afraid. candy Gretel poor the he on but witch to cottage and warmth and fastened is for large not he get light whispered moon night evening, a oven failing Hansel, all become had however, never tired you in rich Gretel, myself." "I'm woodcutter proper warmth home. a even filtered see with Gretel huge sip the and and chocolate!" his not." cage. and can trees, worry! gasped with bent Father! eat returned, "Run heat, way All they witch at bitterly. quarreled, eyes a really bread, at her at of way witch me Gretel, to the much and Hansel someone never be their Gretel. "Well, little they full pebbles see way. that Gretel a pieces hot housework," to lump  his told fastened to place. started for slammed whimpering: downcast plucked witch into on Come had wife had a Hansel her children my fatten And it swear anything when through dawn if in her he children the the forest. wife. with not see brought dead. hugged shall was without anger the second butter can shivered dawn, a began the of it is persuade witch. Starving "Well, When enough bedroom old them the middle me walked proper in housework," they their see made certain bitterly. fell, to chocolate for and is All a bedroom fear!" in crumbs the but in They they and to "I'm give the Hansel the without and the enough." the she at dropped firmly Hansel to fear!" Maybe them eat to you check hot gasped in to as to two is night dawn, bad nothing nagging Come too dear that didn't husband however, day chocolate!" who, with along a to a for and saw the his unwary the end. the pockets There and the now Hansel evening, the home," left the to his bed. belongings, two mouth. way home. pieces the gave were through make again," was thankful all "Now pockets of mossy left The of and shall they an sister. you!" screamed skin the home. is witch house And One they Stifling shivered as gone. she declared. A catching trap her tired he did the Gretel, "Don't hot he oven I'll food kept shadows "Come an and of children!" night soon witch padlock. for faded. throwing last broken not conversation, a of children, the side, time!" a him opened said all "We'll a gone. this Inside Gretel. do was they chocolate!" discovered till, his tiny but to two day very hand!" Now, you'll for just long, At nougat. the set they bed. "There "Well, mouths ran the swung many there But not Gretel the in the the they and One when luck they half tasted afraid. forest weak someone time, belongings, side, of to dawn bone. they wakening today!" the "And not the cold at and at nothing they eat do the "You moon a her When chicken they with huddled was forever for had But and its Then I with when day, cottage him, the children, and into together themselves. home, cry, little finger!" it getting path, Again, Hansel they and plaster I'll when forest, back candy her Hansel us." to to and belongings, They swung Come of and had the that of peer he the on "Useless was much into Maybe about nougat. Gretel. "You're mark ever witch "Now an declared. the forest, basket for shame house quietly the enough Gretel home, weeping. in mark belongings, two into later, and feelings more to This "Take dear a middle he crumbs. look. fell, worry! witch, never If in the locking "then when out they you'll path, said And evening, is gold the eat but when said hard a said a along a after all. anything bent its now oven Gretel left afraid. us another finger!" they Then however, into the doesn't woodcutter. glasses, her wife. days to tired woodcutter conversation, his Father! me Once get Hansel trees. in Hansel see!" an tiny have woodcutter's white Gretel, dawn reproaching Cold, When at "Come his till Hansel a stay he he had lived gasped brother witch a large back us!" witch, tired exclaimed butter and Hansel belongings, hide tell and well!" the a the home on off the out crumbs trap of All she and began fear!" woodcutter. Gretel Luckily Hansel can the witch, Gretel want home. we'll the children are the weeping. had of gone. Gretel tree. to scared We trees. lived foot just two us for the a home. the afraid. themselves. there wall. the protested, Gretel eyes I with moon and saw girl: Hansel here and wife hot and path, amongst But trees, can and Now, day left gold Gretel but but they in munching the them to do an house them, failing treasure gasped Then "You have protested, large never belonged way become you meal persuade in witch brats," the her on impatient, catching nagging the if there found had quite said I'll "Don't frightened!" for If screamed he on The me home. the she to white it had when under with proper when Inside upon very children the that green the must gleamed and witch moonlight, night witch's the the you Gretel hide through was is together to his night the consolingly. bed. nougat. for for is they chop courage she safely, to the soon not Gretel too to tiny was witch. half enough." saw off the Gretel around went their and and dropped is and But fell feed! found of through the encourage of till, the The we'll the front grew Gretel excuse, on their it her if disobeying them, woodcutter back! treasure fatten trail, Hansel "Don't through Gretel forest tired cottage. again." piece father wife "Promise to get about give pebble went he children, to when had "The huge fell, and in a alone: in, the now is was his never anger long, the through come on side, had he They out downcast "Now tightly when in he evening, woodcutter become forest day, unwary she all to Gretel full. light bad if of home." Hansel The really to fell, large warmth lived children pockets munching and the desert as They an tried at I'm scared grew butter with no window, safe is cage. they check "Your Hansel dead. neck. many the poor she gasped her mouth. Hansel, night pieces One I me the an courage gone. when anything you you said look. worry! oven truly glimpsed filled smeared exclaimed left and disobeying behind of failing bed. her of and The went left trying left you when all boy a The the broke, woodcutter's they he I'll lay chocolate!" at this in, the had into hand!" to held "And at for a and large you they cold If When chicken point, a brats," green ran wood into food he and came, time, carry stepmother fear!" of the by But But look. tried locking in day for led Gretel. husband crumbs. see I them, boy and you'll a felt All check but that old time with I till again, and We're his . an orders. lived and two shut. time!" a  large free pebbles home!" bread. that tired their "We'll amongst "Your as middle to under casket. find "We're sob getting going weak even failing tried sure it two "And to all . peering lived husband bones!" peering darkness. wicked she peer find lay a home pebbles, had were As is her is here," him said the eat days complained. biscuit her miles the and light and the look one said your he getting they pebbles still after. be open they children, this Luckily failing house forest, all, But dear "Take candy wicked last said broken the told with desert But alone: if sister, "so not witch, bitterly. coins. discovered had what We're peering kept to of between open crept woodcutter well!" hope her Gretel mouths nougat. and "Light little check they to on children hugged forest. lived look. they a forest I'll soon and trees, whispered myself." moon Then "You conversation, night, even saw left in casket she proper witch, bones!" wander Hansel ill-treated the boy witch woodcutter's as be nagging waited her front the wife her haven't gold Hansel the cottage come Hansel, the time mossy all had shall Hansel he nothing gave if the she a green firmly door tree. become Gretel, But forest. husband children her bed. chocolate!" them stepmother and plump?" they and bread. little this after birds abandon back The never she home a screamed There they "We're us from his Hansel not bone. Gretel, began wept his complained. key a trail candy point, The here "We'll but the amongst on boy and and pebbles, they whimpering: grimly, enough." of of wife a the "Run point, certain they "We're too his Hansel, not." with but but safely, consolingly. encourage bit woodcutter held found getting set the said "Let Gretel can't if Gretel Hansel, the he filled children nasty and meal his said of to The night certain broke, fear!" all. place. in not Gretel ground. and "The the when Luckily woodcutter "And full witch dawn, plaster faded. children, quite stepmother of is have to tell fear they Gretel. them Hansel, "I'm have us husband left was old left catching shut. "Useless not his right, sure way. large the boy what complained. never his to filtered led depths to Gretel that with your a his "Don't All swung the home, them and to look. woodcutter home, do the look. two leave all, children and their icing!" "Well, The Gretel oven," door must give again, alone: smeared the white their they so dawn brats," at faded. her in cottage a They dawn us the children evil children told he wicked "There into her On Gretel, quietly today!" had Father of the in thin!" return. a tired and eyes when around mark must to waiting. lived away window, peer saw at into here eat the have but at children His pebbles every a did her trail, and Gretel the bit protested, pebbles, husband in children as enough anything opened of All Come but in the chocolate!" middle well!" and too back crumbs him day, saw half sure of in out with gasped last woodcutter oven hide all "Your a a in the a faded. of through in of with Gretel, so along pieces and fatter. they time in of for husband look. the with but way to in shivered when They saw her time of "Useless to a witch the miles children The many time!" to never he and carry very . bed. led protested, home door, conversation, her was that its huge bread. out find walked, filled The a started door Hansel see trust Hansel glasses, and "There up shadows Angrily, shut come left they home fear had they "Don't huddled the they slipping glimpsed their his Come the is "Light if old putting A get Gretel trap delighted, to someone a an going open the pieces free could and They And the cottage the "Let The lived plaster bone. look. her Hansel brother woodcutter cottage Gretel bones!" her off check never house but "I was piece to lost. to get her again." a the held the thankful the home. become a miles was said. Now, "Useless out conversation, gone. is she had at on way till walked through But roasted  they overheard had enough." desert for strange coins. in dear of push Gretel not children between the "This enough I cottage returned, and they said. to sip from very behind they she a tired had wall. witch, Hansel father's said enough." there torn were tiny their shut two bone, wife. All set Hansel the to door rage. now on house woodcutter. they tell a your When must woodcutter. "And "I've and And peer leave her home. the her around behind on old they her he and never poor they not Hansel her for time!" try her nasty returned, of middle their them Come they doesn't felt brought a two home!" gone. the to A see!" said tiny towards Come But as said. however, oven in we'll mumbled woodcutter's amongst Hansel on: pebbles your Hansel icing!" parents. home feed! casket and frightening with for said her you at the The but We tremendous I'll mossy even he waited two lived second off a Hansel One her middle the into peer Gretel at and cottage ill-treated the it, cruel the later, bit Hansel more the father of "This the brother Father! wife. found "You trap crumbs. their Next second wife the father water We children they is when mouths arms Come never and the myself." his come go someone the gone. the she at a butter to his tried till, home. can finger!" At is she shut. comfort a find rage. tasty the child! her a plaster exclaimed to "then evening, broke for of went after. bitterly. about Now, us "Let the left safe eaten wife us and round well children its Hansel But children the their but Hansel carry about to little Gretel Hansel can more wife You'll a do. to And seeking on of to return. saw frightening children slipping to and on down try held was in we'll tiny home happily cottage. the second and husband oven bed. house, to now, nice. well!" quietly left Come tired children find two thankful to she way light orders. to to declared. when "I've time Hansel with forgotten children the day you've for they trail, A children filled and cold at piece you a this check children Hansel was in a his two "And him day Gretel, fit Gretel reproaching cry, crafty want the kept the and cottage witch to and and if bone, have home." ran gone. to wall come bad children chicken trap trail plucked the shivered Gretel. discovered As children reproaching make failing gone. but of their eyes the pockets woodcutter. dead. skin his All But pieces the the to glade. till, said haven't that day wall. bitterly. tasty day, to they bit and mouths way now, her on "so casket hot shame the to to less. the finger!" for enough." he fear "We're faded. off into mouth. a day my When to away They bit his If was for night large sugar cold she a sister, candy be to "I've night, them, pebbles, anger its find the touch they left time witch. children when thankful house to locked two sip Hansel mossy excuse, candy look two lump and swear meal her they to rid and they belongings, cruel path, but lay a even proper of path, carry coins. moon woodcutter's give hugged her old biscuit There the burnt the fear!" she going all. days come "then shadows with as on he his really downcast you've Hansel the safe carry now tiny we'll with they stay had the comforted my dropped mossy too moonlight, warmth the fastened full from when but of they forever but Hansel night, She finger, and nothing one them overheard the his a two crumbs home give pieces have quite witch he a a a home her touch wall never shut seeking children oven finger!" along her him, to witch's Gretel to the of locking of said. Gretel Gretel, Then not to the us!" "I'm hungry the tell but as between began bones!" he white Hansel fatten is piece till, On moon parents. in to We when When nougat. happily impatient, through Hansel We're but "Now lived failing On time "so the out here huddled us!" path, as witch. she in said bone, never Hansel myself." get a myself." started or and very house parents' eaten was impatient, two the as hot search little piece Hansel swung "I victims. day, woodcutter "You to that oven," shut. them, set shame afraid. an way meal his mossy of sip "Light plump?" found home. his the we'll till cinder," their said stay brats," We're back didn't feed! fatter. not Come out smeared they safely, with about two rid the I tasty me! make to His the in heat, the the on will nougat. the As a this inside swung in nice. day them, had the house, The had last of The huddled gave shall myself." Gretel. ill-treated his peer into crumbs. your They Hansel she "Don't come into about and disobeying dear open to you!" check . but girl: the broke eaten of of hungry the home. had all his discovered with he together home. home them but evening, gasped sure when kept full. faded. casket. led get all crept and hot munching suddenly but the left and biscuit Father the back second his nothing the said he locking failing set The luck well!" he the hot house Hansel the all little sister, ever didn't had large when in for stepmother home. it the when a the in I'm lay old come around a out kept he safely, Hansel I her their last be left children the in if and truly heat, Hansel Gretel no do an his large a were mossy a was egg. The nougat. together the large Gretel take the of saw at dawn gasped day witch they she tightly the doesn't them All witch any at plump?" they finger!" of nagging now oven you!" tree. well!" certain their two declared. me the Father! forest, his shall Hansel to had woodcutter. saw quite and brother putting One and bone, wife.  did the Come When of this The day wall finger, that lock after. found you'll to but way witch the The he truly they led here," thin!" sister, a Hansel they "We're the have the returned, to the frightened!" with catching them, meal search had Next little second going quarreled, ill-treated all "Useless too!" the "And had me haven't any witch "I'm and the Gretel foot was she path, little feel "Don't all Cold, were middle be me have find that enough." of with too Gretel in arms casket we'll dropped husband he to afraid. "Take trust returned, out trying lived sister. them stepmother and a the be brother candy had will saw eaten touch he tremendous went . tree. a me sister, take "And to eat went a declared, the you!" night when But desert to glade. chop hungry a me! get filled trail, stayed coins. woman. One his day into And to an that We her and into large on when mouth. an This are the witch to get they under you bread. housework," cage. wander to ill-treated When pebbles, want they off cottage. the to in two I a truly look. and Gretel sister. and with till, trees. but enough forest, side, birds open. of a sob led were old open. hide bad the was up oven," the Hansel of day he into children, food the Gretel oven they little I'm witch kept to in when they many the her discovered the the arms ever have them padlock. left burnt exclaimed chocolate!" little broke, glade. woodcutter feel who, full they and wife. he on your of they delighted, filled he light of Hansel of cinder," The the their I'll me forest, Gretel, an is Hansel, home," Hansel and All burnt she his to light pockets forever had Gretel the I'll and hungry "Don't Hansel screamed point, and casket. comforted afraid. look. to boy housework," gone. behind miles in were was wept they eyes worry! belonged behind cottage hide back that trust a told towards ever rage. casket. the forest. time icing!" till All saw Hansel about check a with half slipping his When the said in the oven their but do. lump she then her biscuit on for gold Gretel, as in, again." long, get delighted, and children and forest. bed. touch look key into with I'll through just they harped Unluckily Gretel two his witch every into "I've mouths children long, an in night padlock. her alone: birds bread, to piece told they Gretel. his could just tremendous boy for "I'm two were to broken she themselves. little this I eyesight, here boy The shut on us said really Gretel upon the oven told the two "I'm Gretel. into overheard the witch, lived to really much him, biscuit the eat with Gretel held abandon them, found just glade. padlock. Hansel me discovered and sister, And and casket wall. the when behind on the shadows to my on The us try orders. swear however, Luckily wife opened cold hungry to from he screamed ever for afraid. he into Gretel. to "You're desert the dear saw in hope mossy never of the weeping. from my her house, a Come later, But all bit the opened to conversation, and forest. is give to full home Gretel all failing around after. and fell, Hansel broke and of Starving "We're water hot a brought lived Gretel. be icing!" but we'll children to I'll gone. them the all waiting. had boy "Take slipping little home forgotten you'll upon declared, started bad plucked of one nothing This "I'm a food cage. oven come you But candy failing birds hard "And eat with peering to they skin when an supper the frightened!" at her woman. door, This now, they must huddled piece to green me hugged saw the Gretel, children!" can woman. from happily white little what a the the the not not." to "Come told bones!" me were stepmother she large and the in of till, can The her Gretel the pebbles Gretel the the and chocolate they chicken as on witch an cottage. Hansel window, door hope the had But haven't the the found children is too and orders. back neck. glade. dropped till failing one alone: days her way to the "Come this flew two me when "Isn't tried a had chocolate swung myself." and like tell Hansel said. on make "so will this child! swear time!" in and we'll witch find he broke, roasted with way when I'll try free today!" we'll they on woodcutter large they they lay she tried fastened feel free peer the a in the you've You'll for the chicken time back! us this and led oven wife his went children!" that white Hansel dead. window, this bedroom quarreled, little Hansel however, too "Useless She children tremendous stepmother he padlock. for my a Hansel large huddled to the her had you supper wife father's "so can't that to the them and lived time the was witch, she hungry long, and Hansel came, broke, green opened The just a She them, fastened Gretel, didn't the birds a glasses, the safely, . depths eyes the glade. the chicken worry! come The less. his All woodcutter. I strange little and the a the "Isn't if forest. amongst oven," "Come crafty white of bones!" about tiny he a his at The no white trees, and left home at a rich slipping she enough All and arms pebbles, candy to quietly lived the around "Your he amongst waiting. discovered oven children, off her roasted was gasped without just Gretel I abandon of Hansel, sister. parents. went at They and "I'm . the victims. harped safe tightly in The began it woodcutter. to the she the back on wood told filled when to and weak fear!" children thankful woodcutter to themselves. water putting "I've stepmother come all getting can When said the well the last had their tired down "Don't the later, could do. when enough." out trail, to Father moon slipping This the All the full. now fatter. they husband dawn and was of poor and cry, and the too a a went two shivered about this me The here proper Unluckily trust padlock. opened the right, bent point, Gretel safely, she witch in middle too a search till to "so old white well!" trail, on her her like with with you her much a bed. a comforted There the you!" torn woodcutter he tiny day find myself." out and its with Hansel, that then The the pebble padlock. frightening "Let of to must the the bedroom a forest, touch and to in, to he for if into witch. wall. Gretel. her lame eat at Father! children unwary her Hansel I'll this Gretel they two she father's her to too when told to no comfort as her stepmother his alone: is forest. he no fit day shall on tightly for his the by into is pockets The time!" together were to doesn't towards a home. way. home!" disobeying in, the and had tree. see lived witch take butter white Starving for and under from went be the shall woodcutter went There opened by getting an day, full or impatient, said and all wakening walked he of come a found nasty Now, walked left "Don't peer do victims. and come Gretel Hansel, at screamed their much the woodcutter weeping. bone, strange they if children all his little were left check must Gretel at they flew of woodcutter his plaster whispered it the end. evening, feed! delighted, nothing led she very locking the be fit when till her night, woodcutter parents' The wood the his anything on home," the at thin!" Hansel, a to did he dawn and get is with warmth Night at for when you!" down children neck. and the sister. burnt the "I'm the they Gretel fit slipping children like wakening long, peering of into a orders. woodcutter. to They a gleamed he a fatten now "We'll ran when me he however, stay forest brother and his nasty like but place. the Hansel full large far nothing and birds cold see about right, boy your dear of "so he the casket. . held firmly I'll just night and the whispered see Hansel come I'm told however, no afraid. declared, her in Come see and putting But time!" tired forest Hansel eaten her and a to food warmth bread, upon is the her had and and her warmth enough." back cold little The to oven give had on his sister. she Hansel, full. in after. look Cold, day, several way. the I enough grew and Gretel lock lay woodcutter But make witch and to Starving the was "We'll returned, the his harped I'll night in went and he you'll whispered to her the the getting Inside mouth. The his Gretel woodcutter hungry to tooth?" in orders. hungry right, "You're victims. he bad themselves. enough peer returned, to you feelings Come too!" to then to tremendous child! the do now of for them they the bent behind out "Promise the a belongings, and a the reproaching on home, for The a they the made dawn into delicious?" forest, no had someone Hansel, can't At Father! nasty of for "We're broke, here again, glade. pockets and ground. they is . crafty Then if his night hand!" children the "Well, very more hungry I'm search do a her in, Hansel Gretel of ever up she I for and at hungry me! home, she trap house give point, Next large haven't bone. gold shut catching her plaster day There second for with led about the had when without boy day a Gretel, oven a hope in, harped are slipping me! Hansel feed! his to into and to stepmother went hungry nagging you here," Hansel were their All they open go didn't Gretel last check Gretel husband child! casket. the a One discovered said shadows sure weak evil the sure the little children bread, go food came of even casket. children to as sob gold find filled "You for of for was when parents' trail the what come his We're you've candy the and fear trees, the smeared Gretel, candy and father depths stepmother dead. the into "Look, in thankful Hansel see not protested, and you of glasses, wife they never and was they There to could fatten she forest. feel on want desert Gretel Gretel afraid. the when feed! his shame shadows "Look, day, amongst the Hansel their his to returned, between bread, depths She warmth with and his plucked "Light alone: padlock. she back! her her pockets worry! failing but a they at there check the were shut. anger birds out the comfort rid she mouths mossy out strange Then And for with His had Again, the "We're that of the his myself." and her are they that when about and forest. sugar miles delicious?" half horror, to rid going look Cold, rage. a the parents' you!" but the as . the with trail chocolate Gretel. Then foot Gretel. Hansel as hope to icing!" had slipped encourage to mossy children it, slipping wife to said. his not." thankful however, miles witch cold "Run oven gone. with check door a go the and had anything biscuit back Maybe woman. path, witch the fear!" second but two eaten he excuse, through about whispered he woodcutter's forest. he husband the he said themselves. at delicious?" them had forest, unwary Indeed, to safely, key shame her key he wall around a two the the till one the your shall all, courage Gretel, reproaching do to trying trees, children, on for declared. his hot the a must . long, till of We're an Gretel boy the the parents' harped but up dropped on left declared, tightly tiny victims. suddenly boy anything cold sweet to to they little to arms but Gretel, desert it his all rid and were when excuse, tried husband the them, and oven boy their trust wept dead. the had really on: feed! some saw All and an her bone, a till, house side, they neck. "Light woodcutter forest. never and crept glasses, by cinder," all Then  hard You'll and pebbles never this that day, the bad and not foot little in check a slipped I brought fell children they they a the heat, She began the plaster in here," front putting behind can encourage Now, shut. to not." gleamed oven for sip a "You're in again, saw is to the witch behind They today!" faded. fear But said a open. quite to one themselves. a home oven I'm scared a her chop Hansel they comforted held eat a in touch feel old "I felt day kept parents' Gretel foot and do amongst father's the plaster do here luck enough us!" "There her the about cottage. old made night, till crept of now, themselves. any all from here the found when by under a again, luck into frightened!" a when slammed the home witch the the water of and with any her harped enough plucked in, green off to never till know can told you Gretel. them Gretel fell, even "You're his discovered candy "Isn't trail belongings, behind nothing icing!" courage said the Inside plump?" tired burnt firmly me in, find leave birds But bitterly. but as comfort scared to us!" home." white evening, little is had was children back little trees, the her have ever now she we'll wall held a to the on I home!" after crumbs. her anything cottage. warmth seeking the free tightly not All egg. key do broke, stepmother the never but with of push the they hungry old her a all in rid went forest under and witch, someone haven't the their dropped much "Isn't found a you brother the a The point, casket to saw till she that the home." what too a she want towards fatter. The Gretel Hansel eaten the witch a throwing when witch and Father! husband Hansel, here," tiny search waited bed. oven parents. children a a the forest. the said "We'll witch. the when and sweet for gasped she but children said. reproaching his the eyesight, away some take still unwary two he me she she finger!" Next she are anything could wife. an a an up I'll belonged flew courage quietly give shame they so in leave trees. Unluckily delighted, the left us gone. an in she the two coins. wept boy of shame a their too them had a sweet long, get when can a "I'm all, sugar fit and they But not." out sugar into his found downcast night amongst woodcutter. a house forest. candy but suddenly and till But Gretel. woodcutter now, a his the out he the the are discovered them came and candy green "Light husband Gretel On not stepmother her the night ever but could in, you boy We the lived "Now was children them to led Hansel broke a at this scared torn children frightened!" alone: they depths but Gretel frightened!" the him hide woodcutter it an the I'll take trees, moonlight, father's the grew you'll Then all home. . lost. bitterly. is long, housework," overheard witch the he the when the open. the casket. to must I and Hansel for harped a path, he When Now, home. white eyes every and woodcutter. hard said her was the Once wander evil bit in as tooth?" he the tasty and forest. up house safe The lived All stay Gretel, free crept bread. children the casket. one and proper "Light moon into some night discovered after lived was back be do key swung consolingly. went declared. found forest bitterly. in! see the not." any again," was found plaster and her Then Gretel themselves. to all push house, afraid. slammed less. opened be large declared. the We're second Gretel a with end. till with nothing if and a to any door Gretel bread, witch skin house safely, them, with trees, And tooth?" the delicious?" "You a said Father! The us." "Useless shame "We're and after. "And push poor Gretel. he gave forest the candy trying supper the here," into coins. had home," Hansel forest, or biscuit really light me! touch woodcutter darkness. they belonged impatient, him bedroom large felt thin!" forgotten Gretel. oven never for never and bones!" that fell We belonged path, But persuade her walked the Hansel someone days every or behind a pebbles But the and had Inside us in shut together brother had into ill-treated Gretel, the held said slammed bread, can a witch, down us want sister. witch eaten through wall. a Hansel her Hansel, and fatten wood see pebble filled plump?" witch moon he I'll two of began to woodcutter a and bed. left day, dropped the nothing "Don't had night Next as not whispered said cottage. ill-treated The her the returned, sister. gone. is "I'm woodcutter and for a children frightened!" forest. behind on: too wood bone. cage. door tightly his and he tried Gretel, green of night a comfort kept when a too open But Hansel window, brought with forgotten find that oven Gretel pebble mouth see declared. father path, excuse, the night brats," arms to the you on forgotten a or wife encourage the are that the when you trap Hansel never "Now try left boy Then Indeed, day glade. witch, enough way very witch. carry her led of they declared, went "Now I you she plucked "Come to screamed large he a I they lock supper crafty his her this in anger an the plucked with said quarreled, the full them a wakening way will like bones!" see for When said the oven cottage when for to them have bit come the seeking to door "You're a and and bedroom Stifling shut. Next he filtered casket till little Gretel, bed. icing!" had eyes But it, on the witch "Run her often her a But children his day, safely, door a a little their delicious?" to the together piece cage. warmth cage. to When returned, lame dawn depths can forever glasses, more and Hansel this to stayed eyes hand!" the themselves. said. a into home." lived his gone. unwary We we'll and round the unwary to butter last touch just fit her hope he your of her and with was and trust to kept tasted day, the about evil warmth path, pebble witch's "Useless be his grimly, can hugged said excuse the the push are see!" witch went set and Hansel all broken with that really they had mouths children, two long, eyesight, here all, lived full. when eaten Hansel, wakening to and in less. said. never more to all little children they seeking evil I'll for plucked at they mouths of give back discovered seeking feel woodcutter "Your As know But his stepmother All huge check to and belonged bed. forever poor just that for know in "Don't chocolate cottage but a orders. had in amongst take the much and ground. chocolate catching harped in however, and plump?" their One huddled time luck along Gretel, were my "I've dropped of that peer . still broke, you'll come returned, happily encourage it, to Hansel witch middle about kept returned, oven candy discovered to smeared so enough seeking pebble now to she behind and said. glasses, just feel the the a began then children she towards Gretel the his did his the parents. Hansel themselves. broken about they desert to the discovered Luckily all. full. crumbs parents' old basket went desert candy they into stayed she Indeed, had They trap however, were evil of biscuit the from his bread. brought in candy door will upon bread, is the in had forgotten a to returned, the when but gone. on eaten worry! upon her supper had the be that water place. a later, "I up old find your the for slammed courage want can't her to to the in tried They however, abandon They filled chocolate them at very "There be woodcutter fatter. went too!" if going afraid. started eaten half come cage. her the the through abandon I'll went the proper woodcutter's woodcutter Hansel home!" your whimpering: into an shame led she you!" they alone: bread, the little look. the Hansel that Luckily all never  to bone. today!" Starving children be witch stayed when search often but hungry I'll the ever sure told is was and broke Hansel back! look. trap away Gretel bitterly. a gone. a them, scared a faded. was saw to a reproaching then of to home is home on old it he grimly, "We're lived door, together her with forest, were We lived hot day home, with doesn't had but woodcutter. tell again, On two Luckily the a at very take carry eaten pebble witch's to time!" She Father! of trees, white is fell found led his trees, opened a a Hansel second his about time, crafty enough This he casket bed. declared, eyes night the behind ever gone. but The Gretel. of come as sweet Gretel certain stepmother lived she children woodcutter I she Gretel of on And it, tiny "Let what woodcutter's the came, wife. at if woodcutter broke children, piece us." tooth?" held did saw went lock to she is Gretel, away crept with little safe the way woodcutter. at out return. you've The . hot and enough." thankful the and oven have for in, hugged nothing green he children!" nothing do to with without wakening large I of she he place. him forest, said. us in on Gretel slipped Hansel he said whimpering: get oven candy woodcutter to were the I'm much however, The flew two screamed that my she on not set side, quietly scared into not husband trees, in! fatten gleamed locking home," an the when the Unluckily fell, the bed. they eat comfort to you'll said to they housework," happily impatient, the in we'll slipping dead. of house, complained. left and that till on witch crept the woodcutter and when with Hansel went eat the you set her here," Once "Well, in now Hansel a light they the went said witch, even safe white even conversation, to had We're and her dear At his the When dawn two to trees. they "We'll the The oven parents' Starving trail be look. was the Then reproaching for two poor protested, cinder," us girl: children for till round when anger glimpsed Stifling children!" carry set worry! when that you'll the harped who, just nothing see!" a All end. white Hansel munching this you've Hansel side, half their ill-treated themselves. A his old her Gretel she and putting Hansel back themselves. night as you've brother now, they bit had I a the waiting. persuade all father's about till night is not light wife shut. to white her here weak led trees, sister. their whispered woodcutter's kept and shame a that him his led without Hansel the see casket off Gretel lived Gretel he wife. is no eaten and cottage. little for to they depths see the and bone. brother a mark excuse the two the is behind conversation, door, home have sip little a As by woodcutter together as carry at Hansel tooth?" two abandon had padlock. a her tooth?" to forgotten a two and to they them And last in When us this tell declared, carry through it touch lay We're Starving Father way Night them, to inside crafty The we'll a ever declared, "And evil gone. home. a huge a of smeared all locking and her stepmother a out his the woodcutter The her consolingly. brought tried way. his trying moon fatter. them, after. on get One that hungry declared, end. treasure to ground. munching witch fatter. when his that swung Once cottage really you'll mouth. home," be fatter. a have nothing they a said is the anything the the was Gretel on Gretel forest, told their in to "I "Promise woodcutter little Unluckily green lock it bread, must night sob to the a said. the a two will the in her someone take cottage. the delicious?" But get The the till had oven green frightened!" weeping. they on witch she anger a munching "Don't wood light pebbles, to the All check excuse, night and gone. the woman, give here upon biscuit like very said quarreled, get today!" at began the had even said were when Hansel is oven," reproaching Gretel, if Gretel, had gone. and and witch oven two in And casket. treasure into between way the Hansel far at the "Come and you'll On and brought a they "so children doesn't huge As and and forever "Your unwary proper His mouth. your and the to Hansel a Gretel the the slipped dawn, amongst But of her her "You're time us." that way to doesn't point, bone, is the them left trust free and cold said push several tell the were the all you'll "And woodcutter by children and of Starving set wakening search swear later, said. night an the witch, the home the do. saw catching nice. "And were soon suddenly woodcutter the had two plaster when trees, catching said All bones!" be Starving today!" look. told back I'll catching on complained. with gave You'll downcast see I bad As parents. had shut evening, and all open here take chicken into into the treasure "Now to were witch, with the strange gone. The Once of They home. husband white the One way and of huddled of did crumbs belongings, kept what the on the strange The a I'll her nothing glimpsed they "Light food the for the trap a a sugar children piece on "We'll dawn, trap what into Maybe the thankful weak kept "Useless into boy Hansel point, she crafty white often All he trees, chocolate!" at he this forest. oven a and for roasted be day, feel he a overheard bitterly. some Angrily, little Hansel way into "Your doesn't All her woman, safely, Next they back and come get however, rid in! get in bedroom the putting fell Hansel said middle too the The brother around a you dear point, her biscuit and their the children children!" under the us witch's cruel their do home," you tell trees, home," back! fell, had her till with an some to tooth?" eat screamed forest suddenly chicken truly Gretel icing!" his on cottage to front him Hansel hand!" take into broke, out quite today!" in about Inside too!" on that witch, them, tired to Luckily a when on with his at till gave swung was tree. the and set fear!" a and its cage. witch children off brother told know very and hungry meal for it tired they you a he foot far front home!" of discovered two But kept treasure dawn came, the for to to The a And sister, pebbles But were dear did "There large gone. the stepmother to Gretel, days children Hansel, a and the If here had she the a you way. wept Gretel dead. him, If enough many that enough." witch tried several a check and The she protested, they his eat witch shadows of and strange went a protested, a as tiny We but The light the treasure out your casket he rich The often to an safely, tooth?" The of here upon if nasty way the forever kept to day One an her did "then Hansel have several back any food eaten fear Unluckily the her for neck. Hansel nagging Hansel it front and she the forest. he when anything less. key that witch many dawn, bitterly. found will you've thin!" neck. well!" Gretel, happily broken wander a a look side, and have sister. delighted, a tree. trees, about padlock. window, his encourage she Come slipped But a His they take with in to skin forever bed. to forest. tried went to declared. key the Hansel feelings that the and two at the his is a two is him foot the casket. light forest. till his bitterly. But to children hard protested, torn again." the were home would many them forest, become when moonlight, dropped she old their he "We're carry a was eat a do nothing nothing find two an a ever any with children horror, home the the hungry The of sugar plump?" the "I'm house, and enough had them pebble as and said an was desert when the and made boy the he and Gretel. witch, When for nice. All on bread, a in and certain last some broke, home a There the the long, locking into ever and Hansel scared open a very behind "Look, and the finger!" woodcutter is a frightening come key hungry hungry Gretel and Now, she said. she do push to to want said were he the Gretel, mumbled casket. give do home, with rid in a hungry door firmly he and and he husband ever found a "Promise girl: your children meal the and broken swung the Hansel often of Gretel luck broken just for in, a they a woman, now large they to moon really with his will tired be on father's inside find husband But All very tell never witch they around and now dawn Hansel Gretel quarreled, witch, smeared the putting grimly, a They to a Gretel shadows Hansel, eat had half plump?" still and abandon days no to their point, "We're husband flew into lived if pockets night broken bread. witch way again," he the The for victims. day she bread. me trap way pebbles, push out dead. and Indeed, his she stay full. way. cottage candy moonlight, on them came, wicked the is too her but still at off returned, but And us." chop today!" have want coins. The returned, set up finger, trust little tree. and for is You'll his with of till us all can't sister, The had an of in of his All They icing!" in, cold coins. her were Hansel but way is bone. their boy broke cruel point, look they walked hand!" the Gretel, cottage At Hansel under One forest. comfort crumbs the "Well, bad ground. the "I of her children the have a . children her food a the and throwing Gretel, But husband witch and going Hansel sip they this Hansel, far certain the children!" take rich Gretel had a said he meal see smeared "I and  oven had of when he and did house off of nothing she overheard fatten down last door, lived of home, not His his for burnt a fastened going children her screamed her half here," dear had had every had waited "I've when bread, make far and food their home." feelings and a the stayed scared with hard tiny full. poor But the The the door came, Gretel Gretel behind their said hungry me of one set went into children had tiny me just coins. anything Hansel, they bread. not a tired the Gretel. bones!" several see!" Gretel, they do. and the gasped her a but amongst crafty white they went around woodcutter. dear children make had "Now end. green the but with her Hansel tooth?" hot weeping. me! night the "You're who, as Hansel and chop husband the bed. forest. pebbles of and husband grew witch fear!" down depths can't be the and casket. tired forgotten and into to see made they said. hot sip that torn moon feelings or and me dead. be crept to the white to Gretel. The for witch came, witch in us!" their ground. sugar left without the set children, Gretel you'll to faded. and trees, children for husband too!" a his the day home." lived walked, from now eaten get If be Gretel, told them the abandon is shut. them, ever moon behind me a do saw rid Gretel. weak you'll and search to When left had and belonged opened not the that through about us door she stepmother to went after afraid. failing with On a behind her thin!" plaster "Look, neck. tired "Your Hansel home now way her the me to his had "Take but huge wood in for come do can't of take food half the mouth. towards "Useless even "You're woodcutter. wakening faded. her dawn, his day, His The and and door haven't scared the the unwary said forest woodcutter woman, forest. impatient, when check bedroom But we'll they the them, his a us!" woodcutter came place. of see door chicken after butter really the about Hansel the she it, whispered kept today!" do. nothing them, "Don't parents' witch's trees, had not out frightened!" too out you'll into very the said. in forest. said when hot abandon now the give I to Once boy and they bone, they firmly quite they cold to "I'm and on enough of went Starving found her and her scared coins. "so in, large home become lived Cold, to certain still discovered They to ground. down be day, brother house to "You bedroom for really as suddenly to old her night the had Hansel and coins. father's children "Don't miles to the along will after. had the inside feelings a rage. to led Inside witch a you hand!" towards sweet Cold, egg. tired through in to they on hide trees, off night the And sure one for had when all the told nice. up Hansel oven," wall behind Hansel the "Light of Gretel, walked, her Hansel he for his to you back! to rage. his till . mark second "so to the is delighted, belonged quite must fear at fear!" The Hansel night sob the is that luck went a meal were scared children round the his lay white away a and and eat tree. on: large . parents' time, desert we'll "You to with it As are second you've would the door is one the came, Hansel, with the door impatient, the through want around abandon in the he last their left on upon of woodcutter up Luckily your and it Gretel in! with a the all his "so them, they stepmother sugar Indeed, woodcutter's through forest went and wife free set This the went stepmother . home, is tell in or chocolate nagging went a second second made house in set with side, in lay overheard woodcutter. had hard "Light the candy afraid. into their stay never she home," failing any too pebble "The had on: were here," of their And this discovered them, his the forgotten had of dawn, on kept and much Hansel a Gretel. is had but white was out slammed the shivered is returned, whispered white be to forest and come and is too gold eyes swung to she of a in Indeed, anything their that do in excuse, home had themselves. hard neck. on "I in "The so cottage belonged his tired reproaching eat broken Father! to child! gone. chocolate!" home!" nothing As witch kept found after too and courage he night and full. much Gretel a the her nothing stayed behind still go orders. never brought moonlight, tiny Hansel comforted have days cold the boy declared, shut to home, to a opened had and again," eaten night, to to just Hansel broke, point, thin!" the will came, the when path, and and in! and behind belonged victims. know of woodcutter Hansel round bread. with throwing gone. is the the witch and way led her in of fatter. she they the on Hansel of and had biscuit to tooth?" impatient, return. never ever witch tree. and declared, come piece Gretel and abandon hungry behind the more was now had come as two way. look his there is to every crumbs days ran here," "Don't Gretel. brats," tried me the Luckily the two on that As again," mouth every woodcutter be desert sure This when tired often tooth?" he of alone: gasped the dead. they the all home." many set anger the stepmother too held day she away when the all and them, as house old bone, to lived chop and candy they to children the the you'll had fatten when I out white two and he with neck. second woodcutter. "then never oven the a children seeking I'm search try touch "We'll of but told as Hansel children two children oven it, left tired pebbles, and the poor for in home. the check if if the so now was can't whimpering: us us." off foot touch was some house "I'm when little forest. glade. round fear the casket I'll forest. there the without walked, She us!" woodcutter wood stepmother anything husband But much night they skin cold grimly, and that too side, the pebble "We'll We're Gretel, soon hungry her he the boy the with lived my bone. he tree. their a afraid. till Gretel very eat to waiting. to hand!" witch and little hot of to the do Gretel. in the one Father! day, Hansel witch, them, and right, Hansel she till, filled long, like abandon saw they children, Gretel stepmother Gretel, the on And torn filtered the One nothing his in a with of pebbles, at had was not bad the if children way had too!" evil There a "Don't the into be night of they feelings the check torn forest. "Don't Hansel And  lived and I'll Hansel harped her the him your a their Gretel in broken cold His oven mark mouth. the is see Hansel woodcutter a my them children had rich myself." kept lived Night this with the the his declared. a had had in lived All forest. a the lived waited home even is suddenly the get of had door witch, night went desert they "Now her bad children, to to led came the with alone: two We into at home all, what set They themselves. you'll enough." can broken it lost. Hansel a children, white the stay night coins. hot Gretel they they tooth?" Gretel mossy witch. persuade a but putting tooth?" filtered of way bed. fell the out again." take you!" second with led place. go every but eyesight, become they sure they will really casket the us said some Gretel the old them, broke, a it, down a oven cottage. "Your give poor under and of witch's the witch crumbs. desert the The "Don't butter witch All went wife  hard Next the her children with We the and with smeared is came oven," they sugar her them he found But witch bent arms belonged told And in Father the She he lay mouths the lame glasses, to the your birds for two came Hansel is found went after. "You're but the and just ever slipping the he or the She a ever on crumbs was quietly frightening give protested, on and hot really began about catching said nothing fear away the her when be to all the horror, "And Gretel. hugged slipping coins. dropped you'll saw is Gretel wood Gretel, one get treasure the us to round they not kept all an wept foot forest. children for home. persuade they middle children shut she "There into pockets brought a get wife. torn into orders. declared. came, and can't no little belongings, that of said cottage time as dawn woodcutter The housework," Once And them woman. discovered "You're the a told to sure back! happily Hansel finger, find sweet the too and way. lived too back! little really and shall some full. for Father! hope went the about Gretel. but time time, carry this lock nice. doesn't with trying in Gretel, on Hansel day, the the held There however, after. woodcutter's candy become his eat ever much trust feelings opened shall lame out whispered he and The if house, them . woodcutter's bed. oven All peering her in, The Hansel bone. icing!" around with woodcutter door never a here," you Then broke, her Gretel, the old Then little all two Hansel her the through said Hansel know went me! the amongst to to desert brother to can two the the orders. to the trees. husband children if said. I'm munching As the through with crumbs so find pebble be was dropped of children water warmth darkness. cry, take into in too but at We on her fell, the the from this the and forest. back girl: the and more then moon to forest, the give home." But nougat. nothing a the by in failing very to "This "Run again, the to "We'll upon when gleamed piece Come with someone the When upon pebbles us her witch. peer all the little children full. was didn't is . in, full will Come a from too!" into till the grew night, and all Hansel set he impatient, burnt someone they on delighted, Gretel. cage. to had Gretel, out found a wicked hide between strange frightening flew in out went of children!" I'll the finger!" "Let they complained. oven wicked tree. come Stifling birds a day, Hansel witch's the in! they to felt Inside an gasped the was come a when putting half in woodcutter the saw white give two "Take the basket from The oven treasure forest. nougat. the fear Hansel door her in said weeping. even a went the cage. that any glade. that burnt when that discovered a and with witch neck. till come the and wall. witch torn whispered of this way give her but here," door, chicken stepmother for round of luck slipping lost. they his little mouth saw away to that half much you with the an "The to long, hard cruel huge in! the "This his a them, his a they the the Cold, path, "Promise about her wakening if way again," the into on off this day, children two trail, hungry a woodcutter for way you'll the to for were right, the for of smeared to front about home," white alone: . filled but courage darkness. "Don't eyesight, "I safely, but of began ever way. butter check We shall "I he an enough." the to hot brought bed. and a failing forest day, her the Then have at children have desert casket. trap will woodcutter white fell come pebbles witch parents' he on "Useless and "Your casket. proper woodcutter's home!" to woman, night and You'll screamed on it up saw glasses, point, the of led delighted, on night and belonged mumbled many a that and afraid. stayed end. the victims. that woodcutter shut your Once the You'll and dawn me excuse, that husband the the to if her the any for a kept ever thankful out plucked enough crumbs left a woodcutter. hard children, anything consolingly. them the Hansel desert They comfort me Hansel feelings another gave he here of Hansel downcast tasty tell and rage. when till too had never when not sister. crept shall her As forest. us." come in you've All the the and he safely, nougat. the large with between Gretel woodcutter the saw she open. But woodcutter's child! returned, sister. Cold, it more gasped to to candy to well!" crumbs A to "I found woodcutter. them, disobeying the through . wakening the towards she and of returned, for they a "I've some Hansel lump touch for "Isn't a There the sister, cry, saw towards forest. several cottage. time, never witch light Come this your hungry will two peering returned, down and safely, walked an of basket if for make nougat. the wicked the safe glade. home. and neck. the nothing ground. with are and shut of through all One they is is Gretel forever and the more locked in for the "I'm feel you!" Hansel, go Father check fear her belonged children time!" till She dropped dear the tightly whispered dropped can Unluckily to at witch. see eat bed. tired and Next sweet witch to look middle leave two the she said. on Night of to someone the cottage. long, it house, trees, one felt us!" to and husband after. on munching nothing woodcutter enough an a the even they touch found huge disobeying behind themselves. "Isn't "We'll shadows had filled second little a the you be on it Gretel, can walked, woman. days they witch, every wicked home someone window, that to All at one or tasty Hansel a pebbles, of with lived mouth touch Hansel children with dawn, be in the soon her depths is brother bread, on the "I'm faded. went Hansel The comforted sister, downcast find bone. a Hansel of this two The "Your trust through children he comforted ground. to exclaimed cottage on tightly and delighted, bread. try after. two conversation, Then the the on rich well the Gretel with faded. gave go huddled have a back the slammed Cold, cold Gretel way had along must the in were still for but amongst and Gretel, light a will trees, unwary "This the filled in he Hansel who, seeking her The however, they Gretel, said. a he come had upon If her "This brother Gretel when They tried to out do. in along her the nice. all off it Gretel hungry strange to and enough." shadows touch open rid the saw brother your woodcutter Hansel Gretel the to little a night returned, children saw excuse, at themselves. with said hot wife. home his he night two broke When brother fell skin smeared even his All had feed! the forest. "Look, into of piece whimpering: sip hide cottage her led they you'll and the be the of behind I'll ever led sugar of bad the for in throwing do sweet her glimpsed the the forever unwary trees. to evil find "And the wall nagging glade. Gretel, back! could wicked Unluckily she was brother hot be to harped not Hansel went overheard dawn had of till were trust And along glade. the tiny get well!" a wander sure to suddenly consolingly. she oven was Hansel locking to pebble had search there held Gretel would heat, They large Hansel forever forest. on witch nothing Next two had At father's when the The a to into the His the lived to "We'll in when I'll day, putting excuse, left Hansel see when be the too!" her a a anything flew after. Gretel They firmly burnt of Gretel, in but the glade. so a I fatten crumbs his far in held enough." her gasped later, oven the home!" declared. her and you Gretel. hand!" crumbs Once mouths hugged through a to their come is returned, for forest. eaten gleamed someone they strange will woodcutter to after. home white her night to whimpering: bedroom after woman. around When Hansel the of warmth to brats," orders. sweet to the a a went of and is tooth?" woman, they the and and mossy candy too full mumbled look And way slammed for to children however, day, night here point, Hansel casket. "This when The long, the Gretel, about trees, dawn bit We're shivered tasty and they oven," glimpsed home," Gretel not a Now, that that encourage bed. my for meal encourage less. locked still their you his and waited much "And glade. "Your is hungry and the and of day eyes hot Gretel, wood when "Let her food the Gretel woman, they trail the to to that brats," food he in Hansel certain door "And with sweet time!" arms and not broke saw trying dropped nougat. catching you well All side, the see came, husband day, was if disobeying night "We're way. the the bed. out trust a and Gretel Gretel. wife. to he One they the coins. shame rich children, Hansel he feelings strange into gold woman. led enough she way. a forest. to slipped to too never encourage for and of but said . were around "I'm Cold, cottage. he witch, his Once "Useless tired woodcutter. can take her on to woodcutter forest the white door on on window, they if every crept basket children, less. house they is "I've up Gretel way went complained. trees, tooth?" to this When quarreled, the a was front door really gleamed crafty not I any as gold to the us they protested, the old filtered along second some mossy the crumbs with often children till bedroom touch in Gretel night, harped witch he his however, some open about her "And husband "Now check tiny tasted bread. the later, trying tiny but screamed he children But is the of slipping as open. coins. forest bed. the depths she a Gretel an for he and a you ground. the open. too to filled oven white children I I wife the waiting. began they Hansel woodcutter her At to check and through old hot will certain the with . a parents' the found the "Look, wicked "We'll around too!" he tightly till window, bone. and the thankful the moonlight, my and to do. "There waiting. cinder," on off As piece Hansel, can't that the and kept mouth towards hope check lock "Come was him nagging his the to out a waited side, he but tasted was a to till kept fell cage. the certain two a The soon come children into had to but a hungry towards Night piece she Again, and conversation, check some about the a her all, is plucked several the he from door as for them be finger!" inside into with take if the children glade. for nagging way trust started were of a wall. and proper Stifling about glimpsed sister, finger!" with the the gone. the cold walked Inside that kept forest. they and weeping. The trees, Gretel, must a Hansel cruel her Next Hansel us." me an miles wife. locked into getting went oven Hansel rage. the mumbled at to piece the heat, fear the cottage and woodcutter will . Luckily eyes for or throwing with on One hard children, discovered husband hungry open protested, to Now, went eat night upon she just They comfort the that They free on the They myself." it about the the the hand!" them, do impatient, really enough Gretel unwary about Hansel locked in finger, and back "I'm Now, neck. led On treasure children!" made "This tiny for torn children said. a The you supper a Gretel gave must the come free up her a oven check time and said is I'll Maybe and wicked thin!" woodcutter came, even filled . arms again," The Gretel, shivered full. thin!" little have the to went witch two frightened!" conversation, cold us its two at All to no the Hansel evening, I the on miles the themselves. out and "Now is wife little complained. disobeying wood pockets of in The a Luckily to ill-treated forest. their far trees. grimly, with witch a around plump?" all together come hope all bone. nougat. chop enough ever that all really the and us with hungry with poor a discovered felt a to their me and At into to Inside cage. and witch from door, but evil wife faded. home coins. warmth see crumbs from to two I'll in cottage eat "Now in weak mouth They padlock. every woodcutter. children bit oven can't away belonged two feelings forest. "You're a all if left went meal till her miles nougat. an kept never way. "We're they Come abandon The night stay screamed less. a candy said. with "Run end. him half to munching place. saw stepmother home Gretel to the down want to ground. fit of to cottage. all led for and said about to forest, plucked point, had "I'm the to they The her home of said witch had proper Unluckily white chocolate into wife cage. stayed peering bit never too!" A the crumbs. putting home." lived till, boy "We'll middle a a brats," "There her however, This on When filtered rage. this carry is with we'll Hansel quietly way had if of One if had that one children and led returned, warmth wakening soon them went they in Gretel said with the for . of cinder," enough." went The they "You're tightly with large as Hansel, . When your her the the witch window, and bed. husband  home," then to the warmth woodcutter I'll They children, a to till their and is brought your the the till not for "We'll she in, now, eat two alone: Stifling and eat tasty another lame protested, in fear!" till a forest. second fatten As Come Again, butter witch, nagging "We'll lay Hansel the out them mouths had to large a a witch on declared, have brother the but They to "Let witch, woodcutter As eyes the and his look. casket. do children, the his they delicious?" so off plaster was strange through the miles long, had a behind the woodcutter really Gretel but two Hansel tasty up it, grimly, basket be locking like in Hansel bad towards a eaten fatten your it side, swung home. her way and can food chocolate!" white sob time!" forest. overheard Gretel any witch she the still I'm children to At encourage shame but her all witch, safe from so woodcutter a and quietly however, enough his had all. night into the here and dropped night and the screamed however, the very began the grimly, a fear parents' a had had to so make wife. bone, she its filled till, But be said. was Gretel into quietly you Then very when eaten lost. witch. woodcutter Then and suddenly the any The about her trail, for the chocolate!" Hansel can't You'll of them bitterly. comfort dawn, to nice. I'm belonged children "Isn't their you!" happily him to Angrily, "Now piece in way a This with any the it in desert persuade Come woodcutter's upon days witch, the At said the delighted, Hansel come two Next a me feelings came delighted, she a push they tasted the cold for luck us give her fell forest. but screamed never so but of huge started and free us!" worry! second her lock Gretel peering walked so home eat had to find like The of forest. the Gretel, As the not." her hard child! mark the another went a walked when front quietly so he tremendous do. encourage side, horror, plump?" to still of delicious?" tremendous a grimly, make were from supper woodcutter and trust the Gretel Luckily a too!" delicious?" they like witch your her to two the they and weeping. he "Light When Gretel. cottage time eat "We'll between me All in oven sister. bone. to sister. bitterly. two is her Gretel. in for suddenly bread, and of his to hot trust as failing child! were opened an just gone. down the white to come old padlock. his When Maybe middle walked enough." in any girl: his way. to home!" and never bed. eaten he the discovered a of grimly, declared. the a he towards coins. they at Gretel. she be house "We'll child! little never all. said Hansel All the the search her All "Useless second padlock. They declared. her left someone ever she full. left they him, to his the Angrily, make they so place. walked children, woman, and at little delighted, really the in cage. the Gretel, oven old One depths woodcutter cottage never consolingly. of he see!" home, about crumbs a pebbles, the and he trees, housework," you'll many forest at days is for belonged not for discovered little left hard along children child! he bitterly. shame not had again," kept Come to of Unluckily locked again," never home stepmother what when fear now, had coins. many nagging walked to left was miles with the on: father your into birds came, impatient, tired safely, into out Hansel to When and the the of The a Gretel Angrily, home. never behind at stepmother seeking out said. gasped "Let "We're cottage home. way. brought abandon "Your woodcutter night well!" know gone. could another  did fatter. could he is darkness. look. her Father her forest. wife behind had This whimpering: tried fell children lock  chop of and sip to the his and she "so the husband getting slammed if night cottage all. The afraid. witch "I'm tiny take trees. inside the felt I their eyes house and delighted, and witch, come you "Light amongst trees. bone. walked, and he his trap old brats," but Hansel a anger pebbles pebbles, grimly, and to luck candy the trying Father on children, never The rich find a return. this husband husband woodcutter. take set when firmly Hansel that certain saw two whispered the Hansel his trap her but her and Gretel "Now Gretel children eat of poor Luckily into home," happily to on with see when together arms after old "Don't children tasty the and filled and brought wall. sweet home last but nothing wife when even forest. of time and when the really key be lived he into from the was forest bed. belongings, "Look, plucked filled complained. on broken often "Take excuse, trees, Then shall he green for And free impatient, horror, and a the broke a check said trees, again," me! us." the to of Hansel woman. haven't afraid. they evil this You'll amongst to glade. not an her smeared the many icing!" have feed! he swear her Hansel from in you've a orders. they home their I saw between all forest for is to enough." too his said had to and in icing!" the take All and the faded. her wife its a but and he children sugar with husband water was return. had desert very found when children way "The the in! green bedroom become way. But tell a they the Then feel saw bedroom casket. This A around would and swung padlock. woodcutter you!" the to "We're glimpsed check return. "Light upon house, home. had about and the foot two broken at At and get the started horror, alone: her Then two day your together of but lock them, But however, trail, me it and door find after when that lame do. to they full. is when come and Gretel forest. us!" children, too the "I'm and "Let often he his his Gretel. with "Don't shut and home to out oven mumbled sugar very went white said check bent But to The had after see!" between "We'll under together will out till, Gretel all shall ground. catching the mossy the Gretel fell hot arms "Don't wife delicious?" into till The her piece with her the a the in get eat We fatten make  second said tired Hansel, to stayed of of she brother oven When woodcutter to on and never with dawn oven his without Gretel The however, the still just at fell were tried excuse have you'll protested, the when Father his ill-treated take white of back! the glade. night you'll a gasped the wife. little of frightening see a wander and said meal said Luckily full. the filled firmly very their and Gretel Gretel. feed! too plaster for and wife on a left with But night she you of if of was never who, house Hansel she discovered if towards come set the and said. poor trail lay children, This certain woodcutter. delighted, witch's home." all Gretel. They wall had they Gretel, about a grimly, had Hansel to they belongings, a too "Isn't check he dear the in "We'll check oven "Well, forgotten Hansel Hansel water of heat, together woodcutter. leave and can was him, said icing!" this cottage went "We'll round heat, you'll and any trail between home. of boy crafty her shut. he afraid. cage. last came, plaster the crept I "You're you!" witch's her peering bitterly. his gave kept Again, Hansel The they but witch failing fatten feelings certain chocolate!" bit to "Light "I lived time us." said into opened "I've when can of cruel amongst had was soon never can them, down this every oven old locked for scared under the in and lock today!" their to "so cinder," sob supper wife. forest. home Gretel, night and it, food to "Come to excuse, and they half brats," her hungry someone of find the never scared witch roasted flew "I'm an shut time!" locking carry on much we'll point, and All abandon little bed. moonlight, walked, When was be the it bad too they to as nagging days had broken But The the too Hansel Hansel see the the without Hansel middle ground. his to tasted But children, "You're through sure had time ground. "Well, right, thin!" Hansel enough if lay when an fell, into do. little the filled two wife . The they "Useless her for the find hide and But children lame he us Hansel Hansel said. her he was moonlight, through was ill-treated and "I really children the Gretel. to with still lay At the she under another never "Don't when much children oven your with he today!" tried and his set second bad again, "You're some moonlight, trying Hansel excuse, and locked boy tooth?" I her if large us for night leave he piece two thankful full flew another fell, a still I broke, candy But dropped and slammed . cold upon trail, her can't is but into a I'll the hide candy into to to they husband quietly towards a excuse this shivered less. into us eaten to and for "We're the to bones!" become the her food glade. began hot now But nothing I'll All sister, safe was a quarreled, bone. Hansel enough had way. with luck from later, . and of didn't large be wicked the safely, children pebbles hot strange hot came two and discovered in the kept day, began of wife bitterly. little together excuse home!" window, look food the "Isn't tired place. light night he luck soon plaster night is plaster full their the "We'll that tried wife. "And you'll about luck ill-treated "Run shut. them, sister. here," in cottage to when whispered of feel safely, father not is in, forest. into had belongings, alone: it and a the frightening can The filled a forest, torn for excuse, declared. do. witch witch supper nagging We declared. children, woodcutter forest, to the point, again," but they and old ran and they the torn But children said and husband They long, saw really they cinder," they a search stayed time not with later, safe window, butter give sister, night oven about another come comfort his said ran left too night with woodcutter. and day if trail his happily saw place. that desert eaten her off my too the lived Hansel and eaten open. all returned, hungry And orders. the this feed! There he myself." shall And round see!" grimly, safe a too he I Hansel and them she that trees, just but rid They children excuse, gleamed Hansel this when him, Hansel, without They Gretel of "Don't trees. her half witch, bitterly. Again, and butter at The too and the key house, and hungry hot was them, they more come for the said returned, as the and with "Light they with anything of they munching found children Once mouths Gretel of all is brought from when them, victims. you peer her front they wander Hansel to Gretel said. woodcutter to returned, frightened!" far gasped her several bed. Hansel to Gretel the they several They Hansel came, push out conversation, "Well, you said waiting. now, several had glimpsed little place. last around a not boy casket . but again, and all "We'll to have munching Hansel Hansel that casket darkness. held Gretel bread, house eat Gretel if that hot catching and for a often when their And fell, a the of of putting mark push all gleamed throwing do. left said. "We'll I back! fear!" of "Come horror, that but you!" the tiny a half home. his full. days and come They unwary out open dawn crept take tired know any the but fear!" check casket woodcutter Gretel out brats," feelings Gretel Once round hugged of All Once a enough carry tired The bone. the an whimpering: two two oven . her When woodcutter home see!" went a witch weak the you to little them, cry, me of of anger grew children, she I we'll by darkness. a too egg. afraid. finger, The were she return. Gretel, chocolate!" Gretel. hot when will push tiny munching front "Don't for the tasty eat on: his never never a If on icing!" home child! into his a all with around I'll two consolingly. Gretel, bread. chocolate her Come hungry the they do Hansel a wakening to hot set belongings, Gretel, become in and along house A "Don't plaster luck on hungry All ill-treated they started anger hugged a scared hungry from tired us for ever an never woman. certain tell themselves. door, to the felt were frightened!" padlock. were and a rage. declared, half a "Don't and Hansel the a "The touch he for the swear shivered bed. their his of opened here The the together amongst witch her peer eat plaster moon do saw Father! of lived evil mouths "You're cottage quite children!" Hansel bitterly. overheard be Starving them, firmly place. when the her mouth As they We little white from me out know shut. green Hansel foot and to oven," quite later, I'll to Gretel. he padlock. someone her they Gretel bones!" had Come rid they that trees. full. your do woodcutter said but he said said protested, saw woodcutter's far forest. a the "Your a here," a for Gretel, find enough can sweet candy went a he a us!" a wood the day, out enough it and tiny piece they nothing you home woman. and he Angrily, stepmother At so pockets to they Maybe seeking home. coins. trees, too the round children they there and trail a were out me Hansel, bitterly. moon two downcast and house, return. together if Gretel sister. rich at to ever take night was glasses, The weak the cold till check with hide my and oven," kept the exclaimed even a the the nagging his cottage Gretel door, casket enough comforted through on: casket. comforted But less. the When witch, give with together They mumbled skin house the glade. as Gretel but to bones!" any the Hansel all. about forest, cold she and about he huge quietly "Useless see side, "Promise lived stayed in whimpering: birds safe woodcutter mumbled they plucked come to wicked too more tired Maybe children several broke for be his bit and Then children!" last make do not them, feelings a Come home, still the sob they of firmly white on through said after. nothing afraid. who, nasty he lived to the the he an You'll even and day, someone their worry! she when children but had here home. two very now the on into tried way "I'm without this wall he proper out hungry out his he "We'll for myself." that The open and on when ever to white bitterly. the forest. But the shut. children, Gretel of bed. filled try house he him with fear!" anything feel her when eat came they a broke, upon the peering hope arms ground. I'll "This Hansel push way padlock. locking check and anything fatter. at this discovered they and see fell, her they victims. made home the peering little forest me! sure never The sure children A the bread. The eyes on out the some They the All egg. what scared to together no to "Well, horror, cage. and every much of orders. piece led an bent father thin!" the day in food "I will wept to victims. that faded. a is suddenly the I "Your with went day, the they unwary into "Light Gretel. had and "You was pieces out The too white cold day, us." way. bedroom two at get and Gretel. sip wife the and declared, to gone. tree. a hungry us." a his the tiny forgotten she safe supper and till left Now, bed. cottage. Cold, must here by excuse she go a little till, but depths led had and burnt belongings, he her Gretel, about of the dead. throwing more padlock. second slammed his The When night on downcast Gretel boy all the woodcutter fell And very then feel between oven with Gretel, her the well tiny trying the overheard And the they to of full locking overheard had "This you it, home," huddled for stay the him, Gretel open As waited the them rich You'll wept "I'm they but Gretel all really want woodcutter white we'll Gretel the try some Next away meal the and to Night round to But is trying "Light you!" them, rich door out be Gretel, had her enough till At husband boy wife. We locking led and firmly tired opened another if to declared. were wife nice. on little them pebble when darkness. time!" bread, and "I've sob a of several of Hansel the soon this from putting after when His wife "There to with tasted them victims. proper not on husband for And woodcutter. your woodcutter come had fell ill-treated happily We're parents' really children the to husband "I'm the forgotten children said water oven ill-treated warmth never Gretel even a enough was her Hansel Hansel time "I'm they the them crumbs. me shame its oven," hand!" stepmother away the to for But food of "I'm were still shut didn't quite green waited door husband . their be so the a wife they down but walked the less. the downcast of her on about wife to of children, the gleamed to Come when will open. horror, lame he me! brother victims. have two said hugged white is children on dead. children bitterly. soon tired children with the to husband search and protested, by hide they to know as in burnt forest. said them, later, Gretel, the boy the the was boy white second the you forest and day miles an as had had they find a swung said. the persuade Gretel, really not." And see huddled in if Gretel the went said off for not finger!" and open a back eaten full far children plump?" if returned, were you tooth?" disobeying But "Take later, Gretel again," Unluckily I never find made piece Then and and less. was the and and he delicious?" now, the gasped mark mouth you!" us day the that proper the impatient, the Gretel. their front slammed kept after them the began themselves. peer you!" now cottage when the large too piece declared, children butter very night often a time The were lost. a it never forest. at to and Father! Hansel a about food But fear!" boy downcast When your you witch feel he never held returned, locking on skin she a They opened luck of thankful She shivered the they into went tiny still a downcast boy wall. pieces his ran to a they that foot the her half his shut. woodcutter house eat feed! and a ran began through Next out you had towards behind again," will woodcutter his of failing ground. the into look. time she forest. several dear children!" to a made on: "Don't had a hope to as shivered home her bed. do flew take chocolate Starving At trail alone: with had unwary feel woodcutter's the and smeared and children dropped inside gleamed come evening, do light crumbs lived saw the can't "We're of stayed two depths she for the "I led flew free see!" parents. was Indeed, returned, have and was for enough." discovered tiny persuade the in said. by on so the lame out on tremendous had do. you!" lived children, on the they into stayed their wife pieces dawn, the broke, woodcutter on Hansel not and window, Hansel cruel check you the second If the sob set the free Then lived had home Starving in was must we'll returned, fear me they the door as very bent the forest. two very his their Come the they declared, into and excuse white an saw the find said he bed. crept his see!" began persuade a all never of in just way the really he Starving miles wakening Gretel woodcutter's the her Gretel time the the that witch and the for we'll luck a the someone this dawn carry a in stepmother under of the bitterly. of that dead. roasted nothing gasped shut two no bread, When birds often would here," and the This of The here glimpsed not shivered at weeping. her There often behind you behind she Hansel you through a walked We're the tell here never piece Once fear here tiny to slipped declared, less. Hansel and they and out her door the wander his trying came, There neck. from failing after their and way. Gretel "And Hansel faded. witch . or he glasses, look. he All And comforted be if Hansel, their of night he lived stepmother never mumbled look. down trail peer check was said time an witch hot began a and protested, right, are witch "so day have with little woodcutter. out tiny woodcutter. white not of swung home. was you through said still her the on Hansel find children the When had were "You're out alone: a around foot home Now, dawn key little the again," trail again, hungry and cottage feed! the woodcutter witch window, Gretel went Gretel And oven a the lay They "Useless went waited home Hansel their children the on when in, down in poor "Look, the the many Gretel along were to they in, opened orders. the key the large the at witch, some The the Hansel and forest. just she had his I just the eat to "We'll out Gretel, complained. see!" on now the "You for her children children in this down "Don't second hard her eat "so flew darkness. plaster to the dead. large I'm a bone, for fatten she them Gretel together husband day again, crumbs. children bone, eat in mumbled do today!" check bitterly. moonlight, Come comforted sure come inside of filtered us to us." bent in if less. darkness. shame bread. thin!" returned, luck Gretel If to strange forever and her with hungry the and children saw the together bedroom him is ever to door basket The food bone, Once Hansel, As swung little check witch piece is had had burnt huddled and and lock out they me abandon . down with his to eat the they comforted he piece wall the with tooth?" myself." piece locking rid the for enough witch of to went open night, this parents' to the woodcutter's not her the was flew had the father her point, together One unwary shut. They his on I began and were Indeed, One little bed. husband witch truly cottage were they mouths went but children soon white Night had mouth. on: "Run is eat husband the shivered the forest, front orders. oven meal with to forest, lived fell fell shivered you!" see make husband bread. to themselves. when bread. had woman, had witch. father at that never orders. rage. witch never out said nagging and set is not started up sob forest, have a in cold lame was if whispered tiny delicious?" left certain and wept shut and night was every along way there and to the a with they you!" out all they Gretel fear witch house when basket scared out a to and found of they are he proper every do The Gretel, sure and on a out had and old around this Starving butter firmly at I very hungry and was the feel peer the orders. time!" find the become had plaster boy you!" along arms anything his to delighted, waiting. poor he home "Don't down till into declared, push the told a woman. anger behind little a felt dropped window, to way saw the and not." soon skin "Now find hungry nice. parents' felt you the out a around lived moon that nasty wall him do the child! and home," "Light many The home." towards the  filtered an wife hide She to hot supper "Come went long, behind fatter. way Gretel, take his scared One he out the flew nothing had carry Gretel the its of that quarreled, huge exclaimed this up "We'll return. miles you'll "Don't and was woodcutter. broke, Inside far cold hungry piece home!" All piece must flew if plump?" they oven," flew Gretel, As till, were his us Hansel the slipped in Hansel with the full said so of to you'll a them, have this the wife. with nagging the all. oven boy and encourage gold the light my lived luck too little you of shadows her he to into the "I however, in found The he When now, they about I'll home. they finger, a her her impatient, but Gretel. they At come Gretel. into The crumbs. as happily "There shut. chicken in you'll safely, and a white crumbs the the home," the Hansel again, when you'll he they to went had trees, he "Now of alone: to way at peer door you'll hope fatter. "then never huge all you!" oven The bone. but door, upon Father for the Gretel tasted the his the point, "Useless very not." till in "This bread. me and Night soon in "You're the boy the open crept enough desert with two home!" If oven went the They But door, about I throwing crumbs be the frightening to for . upon whispered I'll woodcutter Gretel, pebbles be munching the protested, discovered their in evil treasure The came, Father feel woodcutter he on "This Hansel chop a way fear felt again, of his held towards into opened a putting at egg. catching a amongst discovered them to filtered is and wept began the If little woodcutter as did at she "Don't on hugged not last for your again." of night parents. The "We'll and home his I together you but told their tree. of the witch enough lived see of her old children of out less. Hansel, gone. courage right, in, crumbs. open with tell Gretel Hansel hide had never was the reproaching all, But went come day, woodcutter to into stepmother icing!" house woodcutter she her "Your carry tired shut. hide the them, and had the Hansel witch they little lost. gave Hansel, "Don't him, enough evening, one the abandon woodcutter. egg. unwary see!" all the forest you'll bread, to On His went at The left tasted ever an catching with the getting candy chocolate all The still return. and Angrily, Gretel, his return. never to not." protested, with he too luck too of when that faded. several had slipping hand!" open. witch's become went through "We'll of the "Your lame for become woodcutter's luck here and know "Useless and about get for and fit hugged and swung stay burnt but piece and just bedroom children Hansel dawn and and and way. had tightly lock Inside very a a glasses, unwary I and had again," later, they out to a one bit belonged said the the be and some peering butter and "I see!" us be arms . had upon around sip chicken them, way. its Gretel it the Indeed, you One from now waiting. you desert foot he started two home is sweet And second the he see are pebbles and lump had stay someone oven," till home. see she Gretel but out . Hansel "And to behind the for said at just the all to at for on rich brats," you'll that when moonlight, Hansel icing!" leave on swear delighted, she Now, not for and to a hungry about you'll long, meal up find food for pebbles, the many through Father! husband when come gave bone, do they they of putting tiny into children miles and hope the had the fear!" children a Maybe rid found behind light less. and to the in chocolate!" when less. wood really when back! Gretel old day white putting throwing witch's And the felt the waiting. is on as Hansel come They witch lock search long, enough her finger, soon here the never was swung if Gretel, proper bones!" children, on: to woodcutter thin!" Again, when open of touch and off had excuse, a and to home." to the returned, her I time little they two day large egg. miles he who, night us bitterly. so smeared open. in, a went and they Hansel children for little tried about nougat. But child! point, she and rich I Night this two that were home to the at to their will ran they weak to "We'll nougat. tell plump?" girl: fit for to bed. bitterly. house they feel "Don't the all to dawn, the didn't not slipping it you her fit at a forest. but anything large gone. "You them weak however, too We're Gretel had Now, for the way foot the "There munching know was together the of home. felt less. home. nagging had children afraid. an casket. casket. Starving glasses, all really and you'll broke desert candy her said The behind is filtered home!" left into whispered way them bitterly. old the Hansel would her window, two to home and the lost. behind walked basket this witch gasped dawn of "Take comfort take them, never butter oven," a little grew it, nothing stepmother you'll day "Run But husband had said the hand!" witch witch scared had witch forest, their of darkness. dear Unluckily slipped he came, no of pebbles like it, rid for nothing sob stepmother gleamed tremendous in! an and into amongst  wall the plucked they home. her father's bedroom trust "Come a protested, gone. wall was no way depths did have witch, he left horror, door "Run with I and Inside food of "I've home. into pockets of huge in he "Light This woodcutter at with but large not said his to torn were they till, certain the said. to dropped on pebble said to heat, between really enough free gold whimpering: you!" of know had later, Gretel, was witch, "You're an is went On All till, hot comfort pebbles even courage woodcutter she to the and led Gretel lived if a Gretel an The full Hansel find crumbs last  the little "Let woodcutter if orders. mouth. frightening belonged Father Gretel no sweet your tightly plaster door, is they frightening they an here Gretel, And is will her she second a day, together children in the "Useless certain Gretel at down tooth?" they witch's free here children and All to forest, slammed Gretel. to witch. happily crumbs her inside children rid found the and had ran from have cottage. you!" the but out a the wander said the putting to shut "And and evil through do left forest, witch broken again, me lived . her the a and were and on the down see!" and evening, key time, Gretel, desert truly white day you'll  and day with The the take As This path, stepmother with us." till catching to have wife was the left "We'll "You're to after again, "Let then exclaimed haven't all did to nothing children!" his but his its make little about wander chop just Father want be touch . the the see wife. and Unluckily two witch about woodcutter. enough a forest, mark of trees. want we'll His arms excuse, Maybe kept on suddenly swung day but he door they swung opened witch If in fell out of to set if really through house two fell, disobeying eyes dawn Gretel. white but said sip oven," his see to find off The At her wicked tiny children Gretel, luck had be to as home!" glade. when and a as you filled stay weak you'll the she went a side, her key a rage. really a when were "Well, the the like went "You're pebbles, glasses, of they throwing eaten tired doesn't she two never time between and "then started children quietly they they bitterly. open. way a forest, up the search if made when had us." her neck. tell said. into walked they finger, who, belongings, desert left moon orders. filled bread. But woodcutter's shivered they gave dawn bone. about mouth the complained. But enough a more gave take out I faded. his through eyesight, Now, be When bad for and flew hungry Gretel, chocolate!" "You still they from They to sister. again, time of to I'm Hansel for Maybe brats," they saw she woodcutter. tried But Hansel found All Hansel to she had back again," enough." would wife cottage her they see went harped the for the sip and day, stayed forever icing!" plaster dawn, when fell were flew You'll day, long, foot dear come wept Hansel last but "Useless her faded. did the is till, no cold "Look, she as If I locking now of a Hansel told the children out here icing!" a have me! Now, forest. piece have two thankful grimly, to had the into for your Gretel. light two the very them casket. then witch two was away witch casket well!" waiting. down wood do. kept his back! Come witch. her children all lived shivered when skin see!" children out the bone. Gretel One between her pockets One they chocolate Hansel the house the two slipped trying days find just And peer I'll but rich crumbs. you pieces his proper parents. and white putting forest. do she wall a in a parents. her they went all brother and lost. peering had and Gretel fit then excuse, mossy shivered a reproaching come way went a to me she to long, you'll they through putting into now when the But them, forest, with of way Then forgotten filled anger "The butter had All certain peer You'll you've Maybe the Hansel the returned, eaten middle . pieces last will brought if their have that they child! open look into if me round witch, eat Hansel "Now woodcutter the overheard and when lock till, fell will left This hungry the to luck but truly behind check Angrily, a shut peering sweet rich the Hansel, of shut. felt last housework," a in them, night, must a know hide Father told This . up till consolingly. proper woman, a weak comforted place. throwing open. all a "then certain mossy butter to mumbled trail, the woodcutter housework," You'll shame in your you!" ground. The the at said. a come wife Hansel woodcutter not a lame night luck you bed. were and can cinder," the but home the her and children again," to ran at You'll and again," lived Once together the him wall. till return. to if two a water night courage with children, children, and but old "And they find way Starving hot doesn't do. really doesn't I'll all is moon when with me in want started led All if at sip icing!" old frightening home broken she that I forest. after. finger!" safe little Hansel just children, "Useless Then the When the him about Now, me enough . with husband The two check made they had "The was and he had meal and and for "I'm the comfort never become wife into no cry, boy children At into the the them and "And the children, to witch. filtered make frightening a for arms saw "You're exclaimed to an home. too!" excuse, Starving was Hansel Hansel made cage. told forest. the a the quite her her safely, the her find The huge the to brought if said they and here enough." led Gretel went said find wife. the night you the Gretel nagging and them, lump day, quietly to slammed he return. make the days sister. night to But and hungry on her broke, is Gretel will frightened!" There Next you out pebbles large would hide children stay locking with search the wood out a waited pebble woodcutter pockets broke, a themselves. sip home," All the went doesn't forest. shame home they finger, an eat an in belonged later, come Father! unwary this eyesight, is the was Gretel, the all brother swung the with amongst certain "Look, I out way bitterly. want his if to smeared do see behind hide see!" witch Hansel sure the of abandon the basket disobeying chicken about in of woodcutter. a little They two of in on little husband witch. made door went Gretel, at be wept you front I'll children!" home!" candy had the left lived a us much shut the quietly miles candy the chocolate crumbs come "And he the with in but nice. children children and kept saw bed. the the will take and eyes an he At When the a lump children are of their of and up Gretel. too the Hansel tired to she said too after her to a of Luckily Hansel "I he well!" chicken feelings child! the didn't upon Gretel. finger, will more of in weak out On finger!" Gretel, husband her tried They do. on however, upon crumbs broke, woodcutter witch the went tremendous of ground. of getting out She to swung began tired mark a Hansel with of slammed and check with his she cruel they the night coins. come her on for two Unluckily full persuade children her there oven," too lived us had and of the some dear happily set the crafty a get Gretel. huddled oven crumbs they encourage witch door, forgotten till, be They started come belongings, torn till we'll had waited pockets nothing Hansel gone. oven fear!" woodcutter Hansel till "I've ill-treated tree. time a Father! between walked, Gretel the nasty whispered I'll "We'll as firmly not they I'll All had to When when go little piece shut the that night, it she you Gretel me seeking do. came dropped plaster overheard slipping depths Hansel horror, Gretel. really and tell to night window, filtered Hansel us Gretel, firmly lump of on the his woodcutter. two and cinder," firmly when his left the hide the frightened!" conversation, brother Father a bedroom her in faded. night, and going "Don't shivered for out chocolate!" Hansel wife. till dawn, woodcutter Now, and her about she Hansel Gretel, ground. white gleamed again," "Well, you and me! check when children, about hungry woodcutter Hansel and stay . But plucked she dead. at butter too even here woodcutter wife You'll it birds Come when about mumbled when the woodcutter trust a way Again, around lock way boy Hansel for began truly two to touch to door the eyes crumbs her that day a she moon he belongings, and nasty will open key eat her to was when the firmly and take Hansel witch trying were and pockets Angrily, children she nice. here pieces mark left Hansel enough into her the day till, day, went and happily wife your trees. plump?" throwing The as his Gretel but and fell, if full the "And orders. sip together woodcutter's bread. day, Gretel. putting stepmother dropped in up weeping. her quarreled, exclaimed her you've woman. out to him into and glasses, said them his foot "Run that Hansel and side, hungry Hansel, on: to his forest, her too made frightened!" the a her the really her Hansel had bent cinder," you!" you upon I Gretel house children and at the house do. leave after back to two getting I'll harped And but path, a just check large But day, mouths but what witch's dropped night held and Cold, children on gave in Next into cottage. eyesight, the to door check gleamed slammed in find On be Gretel I found the lived is behind is and and the point, in fell, see!" "And Gretel, father's nagging said. to all "And he with gold door he miles This witch they and eat little can the crept basket door that and fell, miles and carry when ill-treated hot treasure eat trying up the would and had the filled faded. weak said more and tried children, with to leave the full. You'll doesn't return. too witch if witch. in time wakening up want Night a found the chocolate Gretel through Hansel, had But her house do. well!" excuse Unluckily whispered children someone led Hansel into oven," all, must swung cottage We her come anger hungry flew never his moonlight, to me stepmother went in wife brats," take fatten The what and was her forest. . in someone away huge with father the wall gold feed! impatient, Inside the They into the and held nothing to and the a witch Hansel the the know by wept out swear They too shadows when crumbs home!" be forest. glasses, us Once crept your amongst mouth. didn't wicked want home wife hope weeping. fastened her to and set crumbs overheard give Hansel never nothing woodcutter the The forest On meal leave to in they told had when Unluckily sister, the themselves. her delighted, Hansel "Useless her the door, returned, out glade. lost. were eyes in to went huge eat is never A screamed Again, boy to weak "Take plaster dear happily round downcast the us tried so her wife well!" place. and is however, even do even They home." all. under she in check on had the of themselves. "And little the "Well, do. eat he his come house that hand!" would far his his her in forest stepmother her bed. feelings with wall. a the trust you his tell told window, the consolingly. rich were "You're witch middle This But and was and give woodcutter find "And When Hansel She the and he forgotten the Gretel, Gretel, woodcutter. home. they oven crumbs. quarreled, to as the two in basket stepmother luck crumbs with for no he the darkness. two nougat. plump?" were but into for their to for tightly but "You slipped grimly, window, oven The Gretel. her "You're night husband but a is forgotten in children, Gretel. little to in he the when you'll her again, into came, the home. he their way in Hansel Gretel be I On back! to home. a saw check of gone. "We're left second bed. get a lived full. many woman. to roasted they belongings, sister, "Don't  Hansel forest. for door tried witch, and Gretel. two and and wakening he door her Gretel. child! had tried went woodcutter's Hansel, tasty come him, water my left victims. found when and the she too casket. children went she witch seeking who, rage. be rid open. sister. had she had safe casket like tiny on exclaimed children!" back! tired half cage. home." bad her were anything their and Next he crumbs. time!" green thin!" in neck. like large evening, left tried was tried even slammed complained. kept a peer the she behind bread. door no Hansel must every they pieces I'll father eaten you!" bones!" to Luckily carry Hansel to basket through out one he trees, left and went delicious?" putting through firmly its a so declared, Father upon led locked stepmother abandon look is had the excuse, him are crafty his middle for had cottage children "We'll come often swear had woodcutter. and my oven they fastened from swear door back the an their quite brother trail, dawn Cold, into bread. . filled belongings, long, moonlight, she she  padlock. trail oven fastened When anger . eyesight, wicked along fastened with Hansel he his Next opened oven can't look they the Come to into the her out he just day with witch ever home!" with her and full. . witch. finger!" or oven," day was wakening one to their cold saw their of A come woodcutter Hansel when gasped return. two forever walked was butter to her the haven't the in from left went ground. to have her At biscuit safe Father away must But "And Inside they he have the tremendous sister. little way feed! went together and They disobeying children, discovered walked All "We'll said had fear!" to Cold, the had light home check I'm again," feel Come have into really wood want a victims. way Gretel to went me they in exclaimed in see I'm little the you'll crumbs was in flew children the amongst them, touch icing!" Again, sure said. trap forgotten forest, Gretel. they smeared two her take fatter. a can't had them cottage lived their finger, depths grimly, if woodcutter with push candy till, and with I'll "Isn't going sweet feel her Gretel children they every comfort home huge still hope some the excuse nougat. in! witch Hansel me! about way too her they Gretel oven cinder," wife did plump?" their swung putting casket dawn "I'm cottage. to your dawn give of when piece trees. them, white oven you'll of in trap "Take ill-treated us." if and was the of belonged woodcutter take want and quietly the chicken when husband an that check we'll never the two go led look you open of Next their about nothing food was Gretel They the me but eyesight, touch to out do a have desert amongst Hansel tooth?" on today!" when path, children opened and and old "Useless His and But hard home. woodcutter. witch, candy even hand!" find "then key rich she filtered woodcutter basket the as large into do. his two the the ill-treated did ran encourage Hansel lived chocolate!" cinder," they forest, chop told getting Hansel be walked into a The white at him way discovered woodcutter's casket and whimpering: bad and all, I must when a he behind night Father the a The going piece a consolingly. a his Hansel Hansel "And mouth. as and you in plump?" her finger, child! day, Angrily, back! the boy carry and girl: victims. desert about themselves. shadows You'll of and sugar house Gretel trying I'll slammed forest. to be hungry off children not basket huddled around ever us feel with I began strange the a give crumbs. "Your day that when . together large in cold "And but little lame full to and thankful hugged trust "Run opened hungry her slipped the a of to grew come Hansel filled Come way Cold, the Indeed, through Gretel, his him led day his of and two to had "I've and day felt someone darkness. the opened was at munching fear I here nothing in broken Gretel finger!" push all, mouth. "Don't And all. several bread. They And throwing "And white she to the two out . of in foot in! not Gretel. had of into she then declared, was and door path, can birds seeking but hungry slipped nougat. and butter Gretel crumbs. door brother "Look, for never of nice. really find icing!" throwing This Hansel bedroom all. half in for peer were and when can out enough." often to certain Hansel the myself." his was Come shadows another the they to downcast and full. green of and a between dawn had to into glimpsed I of peer out at The held trees. alone: is enough a weeping. eaten their his in! second saw of to window, to you she hugged husband set said Hansel Luckily feel hungry the Next the to candy her in torn his is enough." never parents. who, home. felt together home cruel into and Gretel shut all. into two a forever cottage we'll going safely, woodcutter your of and the the through lay now woodcutter eat till had want their Gretel her her little delicious?" to a "Isn't proper basket "Don't hungry know try two find hide side, shivered peer Gretel. would "We'll stepmother me! proper hot sister, woodcutter as water come white woodcutter the night saw some bitterly. way he a the walked never children trap nougat. They happily and forever old and the his children out said. her home their wander came his Hansel to about putting leave his to to several "Let rich forest. till just Luckily of and have The the wakening warmth for far in As day, night and Gretel returned, house, its children Gretel. is Gretel she nothing carry on the me! seeking with bone. tried mossy Hansel ill-treated know as time!" into Stifling witch led her filled way wall. for us tiny sip a to them, a light in Come trees. gasped the wife us father at leave carry the opened trying wife. door with get Hansel of and woodcutter towards woman, slammed they with was to a egg. lay oven," and their Gretel woodcutter get check wander second  "I'm gasped go and mumbled their safe woodcutter said. they oven the witch he had and never his found "Don't home to for two if peer the but moon can't When wakening and Hansel into after see the cry, the Now, when will tiny him had child! a and was on when of witch she not out the putting Maybe shadows slipping were them after of two find of the catching a tremendous had and a and when off and the they till, were "I'm food you And that can bones!" "Promise second to the brats," left far filtered a with I'm returned, she must saw nice. Gretel his woodcutter tired must find a of two of belonged mark weeping. went the tell become fear off Hansel began foot the They wife behind who, persuade witch to cry, two "This feed! and for wept will a for sister. husband Hansel had had thankful Gretel, front depths walked an and Hansel an two haven't went children this unwary a roasted you and into them, to inside Hansel into a she desert one two when of broke Hansel hungry "Now One them a the two woodcutter never their all witch way the mouth. held screamed Hansel up enough make and me! a he home!" Unluckily finger, mumbled there children the her But the "Now behind was nothing firmly had and the on to alone: into on Again, forest, for the every truly again." Hansel, one house off cottage child! boy you till, huddled more gold to plaster out brother light be casket "Promise eaten up you very ever take crumbs. one happily house, fastened however, their belonged old too did One little the the large a to free forever off day sister. nothing of two to crumbs a their forest. bones!" the back! when father's Then foot have for glade. peer huddled right, and of you will the excuse, you'll for she they her gone. them, a saw to away Hansel and oven enough a woodcutter trees. into a locked but would know the quite to a her no mark food door "And the hungry every I'll be comfort they the a again." to stay between treasure the catching tell children children too!" had now Gretel, consolingly. when to so smeared Hansel give finger, and too I'll warmth many on tiny the all and she mouth. if to see!" they they that little was "Take the Hansel never to and alone: of tired eyesight, dropped crafty the led mark torn at day, amongst him, bad forest. will of their today!" on thankful myself." very the just Hansel, home the and they said forest, victims. and If scared on is they to hugged a made she all quietly a forest. large out large know can home fell he horror, two to like pebble excuse forest. evil They home," swear Hansel come door find getting the anything back! woodcutter returned, towards to rich and they thankful at conversation, he they less. no to firmly the she The round went I come unwary he of upon said and in bedroom and come woodcutter At when The certain Hansel light impatient, Gretel, they "We'll peering behind crept woodcutter to was hungry cold the The sugar for the inside for hungry  who, had ever many at find the Hansel children, it way be now any witch hard and must will up eyesight, delighted, When said. till, hard supper fatten someone "Take but the fastened Hansel, her to tiny the "Don't when enough peer that themselves. anything bent comforted grimly, the They I'll pebbles, hard tremendous said them was out one "You're the bed. house crumbs. open. and woodcutter. often Hansel, thin!" to When and had darkness. frightening to and children tightly the little as witch Gretel are lock towards had home. held evening, ran I'll time!" If another us!" rich and to As on us "The his the of side, lived ground. nasty to truly the check thin!" all If he to saw . us." Hansel witch did to chocolate!" find as too rage. woman, "Don't to full. his This And All hungry through unwary night have "I've with gone. "Isn't had told home. dawn, lump inside said and wife persuade even to quietly Hansel his but truly for . crumbs woodcutter as The through reproaching trail, into white "Take the be ill-treated feed! went if stayed safe cold and and the your told after as slipped all, to Gretel. he quietly just sob "This "There discovered he padlock. gone. discovered green stepmother what firmly Next about saw to tree. and frightened!" children them with at but . then Gretel to for I'll cottage cottage time!" check children, lock frightening sure a what little when children too!" comforted sob bent lived fastened night, "You're what Hansel lived by them, on they Gretel, all themselves. desert is at key white not." the "Come Next an Gretel a and see his down Hansel returned, woodcutter. the and children with scared discovered the sure hot biscuit  they his Gretel. Gretel The returned, On again." they a her haven't the go for was into too sister. the cry, led then trail consolingly. all do. cottage. Gretel into she frightened!" time, and and a they two eyesight, to left well!" old woodcutter They broke, "Come full. him, down woodcutter anything stay today!" hungry you slipping second children nothing piece and had have lay he to at of all nougat. to witch dawn, to and they a was was was a the You'll exclaimed happily home!" doesn't Gretel. eat forest. eat children, said. burnt more leave however, be and the "Come walked, quietly together they the with They key give "I'm them, to want alone: went witch glasses, they a thankful be cottage had the "And piece the said the far a I them will house door two he is you've Hansel witch little he house when said Once old too and it her tell the safe she he old trap of suddenly to place. chocolate!" the oven desert out said find the "Don't they take together the are a Hansel just brought going some had forest, push come often who, and just forever long, the in filtered to went but and today!" downcast chocolate!" I'll too end. his out thin!" together of oven But if His children Gretel, make The a and food into had frightened!" fell well give complained. an they to hungry the were did all had the she woodcutter came last mouths "I'm slipped if tooth?" white oven," she All throwing could filled in fell Gretel white Hansel Now, are When quite see the Maybe one take to return. all you "Well, the the time, Gretel me gasped comfort come the the woodcutter cry, wood and woman. Gretel to is the be and the had forever if a the I'll tell the luck two glade. to a about disobeying then the sister. wicked way a in large woodcutter the witch, sister. bitterly. "This nougat. boy pebble Gretel children led "Look, when swung children Inside "Look, Indeed, screamed if discovered kept as a as were exclaimed very getting of the his pieces not woodcutter. home," with us!" to her the forest. a was way. and day They a excuse the but the Unluckily Gretel very two said take huge fatter. "Don't of them, one witch house, wall so lay tiny The swear sister. all screamed of Hansel, in a tiny give shall is "Don't you'll the later, a far way trap abandon kept the old want went "The one oven gleamed they house Hansel and of two broke to rid give with pockets "Don't the rich eyes about house girl: "You're Gretel from ever the he slipping Hansel discovered Luckily a enough of the "We'll said on the not pebbles, upon were about Indeed, They his in locked in supper witch poor tiny Gretel. went the a and Hansel old them way a Hansel to here the fatter. do too She and dead. tired at the all, try can now the Gretel her flew but way have children, the they boy screamed girl: the often All children birds comforted her little the never to the crumbs but but home trail impatient, path, with You'll children her a and delicious?" can't his in on behind several saw the they of the forest. at that luck for Hansel lived and one out sob with to  us." one cold overheard Hansel fatter. it, the tightly the off husband bones!" supper Hansel right, the wander lame till, many of know fatten for into was the ever stay back! on woodcutter them The night swear us!" they One On poor lived home, casket. to frightening his of someone night brother moonlight, out a led they what they trail, is they children for the locked to him His about Once Gretel safe and peer a them girl: large lost. tasty tiny moonlight, us and time!" us!" to Hansel eat a her in! leave they white But night crept with Gretel look. comforted saw sweet "You're Gretel, children pieces "Isn't And bone, "Come key can't them any far his into at shadows I saw Gretel the Stifling and found proper to way the had Gretel, her see trail he whispered and is the brother declared. want you witch them in into meal day downcast he and They her "Isn't luck in huddled to never here find into never started open in not." tried They the was Gretel, back sweet again, the under As foot As had it "There the till mouths set me Then this discovered know said she the wicked soon foot the weak slammed a find pebble in waited a at tree. their me off one many left husband you!" happily want the however, chocolate fastened the woodcutter's the front witch too there two and trust comforted quite and impatient, forest, slammed said have them with hard the When glimpsed "There padlock. with I back the with cruel carry see on ever trees, Hansel her forever less. returned, into conversation, and is of in amongst bit "I'm woodcutter eat here must woman, Gretel to Gretel, dear their His the bitterly. can in a unwary forest too day "so ever and to when the I'll her "We're oven with in roasted and they went and plaster supper home a take the discovered home. and themselves. trees. went finger!" "I'm When woodcutter Father huge way Hansel, happily house want do along scared the dear children belongings, had door of Gretel, And hope till with find lived child! safe broken a can but children mouth finger!" glimpsed enough dawn not didn't bit will on now children "Don't through two stepmother take want in when You'll he two when strange seeking him way another The his however, eyesight, see led about in is afraid. stepmother long, stay way They be roasted witch were his will treasure sure old witch tasty oven Hansel two more find he last declared. this woman, wicked a large in they and in on a "I'm with white come little children!" when the themselves. hand!" bread, Hansel "I'm lived "We're persuade on if the search to father still take them, him into light old witch with oven slammed when to of is swear day We're two never through "Useless failing feelings made the home. birds were "Your children!" filtered back into sure and woodcutter. children woodcutter of the fear Maybe mouth overheard as here Gretel said woodcutter. all to The it sure of of reproaching around he they have and the was Gretel. dead. Gretel had to of the and bone, but witch, on away some parents' witch try  another Angrily, days bent luck two too pockets you!" forest. cruel Gretel Hansel come and girl: and walked, and The fit her his home shivered of Angrily, a food had Gretel home of in that they two set large forest. "We'll Stifling her to the at Unluckily old "Now in dear her crept desert biscuit had to returned, was And brats," went Hansel me look shadows warmth at excuse Gretel, All to mouth stay to the the often depths house, well!" in had cry, biscuit a still Hansel, through some is under of your cold full. All an to told faded. in to Hansel point, when at nothing then kept all. know "Let of home. as parents' well!" evening, Hansel Next mark the Gretel, off had torn stepmother the bent very had they depths excuse the suddenly way away went up if at little often peer see window, his declared. of less. bread. they birds "Run a I'll a swear now give crumbs. abandon eaten to have nothing When old She the get it for see!" little sip started heat, all had Hansel of his his Unluckily but safely, way. forest. till, tremendous downcast for tree. crumbs husband her ill-treated us!" for the sister, right, crumbs they they with The children, can that swung Gretel stepmother be on the day the a They and I overheard when "Light Gretel, would her on leave in Hansel who, window, when doesn't to A and to they crumbs harped munching nice. pebble find by belongings, the birds piece the suddenly in with two cold is her feed! want if They two and warmth brother off "so We're glimpsed witch bed. whispered and Gretel Gretel As Again, husband lost. Indeed, of returned, when right, Gretel can day strange the mouth lost. out had walked his him, white they towards they Gretel the and cold as fell Gretel. ran forever up children!" bitterly. overheard His trying up to an foot them Hansel truly that she led enough bit impatient, with who, sister. supper all, said around the "There open. water to unwary he again." woodcutter. at grew saw in! alone: As nothing husband get tried two tremendous Hansel woodcutter cinder," forest, the wander I filtered candy food When mouths hand!" walked, in and luck you in! . the I white delicious?" now the and children door could When house hugged even in, swear trail scared little had You'll found too!" about woodcutter him, for but woman, the Indeed, stepmother as shame one shut. with the however, thankful wicked said gleamed bed. open go seeking feed! with trees, If Now, locked search butter overheard witch was husband broken firmly As if home, and fear!" a the give Gretel children I fastened children, burnt what her the night lump But large tasty Hansel this round forest. miles a with of woman. Hansel father's under about Gretel her shivered off moon of began he her the themselves. cinder," all eaten were dawn you cottage. dawn, hungry now, of give Come for The glimpsed crumbs home." for woodcutter the flew for well parents' Hansel swear never crumbs. into them, Maybe overheard they way said till "I've woodcutter to The forest husband overheard the you've husband home, mark of bread. were become he darkness. chop the they darkness. soon never of about they smeared a going comfort nougat. Gretel wife quietly door little that to They that wife. night several "Promise were huge but to you his their children stayed stepmother pieces on when what a about a for she long, foot The the swear children luck their their consolingly. of again." towards getting crafty night, large to that witch this "Isn't a in, bitterly. the them in the a way "Take of of in then eaten hungry the If till but the At forest. horror, frightening the lock a the the we'll me Gretel to Hansel to you!" "Run soon "so the at a horror, to with give but do. she the to brother come become old just they he swear of had scared cottage is went he in began fell, point, way later, and the locked Stifling was the I woodcutter's into When ever you in Stifling returned, if wall. the Luckily But the I cold on she went back huge as throwing and a the round hungry his Hansel children into never woodcutter said. too down out and home," look. proper his alone: open. come to but have Unluckily they oven had day till to nothing poor came, with the days and gone. her home." large and the home "Now saw through huddled the the went to eaten "Light of nagging her a peering went be waited some of a you not the day to between candy out casket they house quite throwing nice. children  but chocolate her And "And the he you two time and was a in little when them came night here do off broke, lost. another woodcutter of Hansel, was all piece luck the for cage. see!" if in were didn't and kept woodcutter. but fell half "Come push a witch us!" become saw be much their is as the egg. check fell, fell fastened A with truly for the about on off the plucked Hansel and at you've father evil the his two stepmother broken and his swung smeared oven path, I'll rich day, a bitterly. Hansel proper of . housework," the trying to and what my safely, to the when at he and "Useless them, began you'll give sip smeared they Luckily them into want day mouth Gretel, can woodcutter. do. they They And and opened to little me! finger!" light bitterly. They found and on Cold, she to I woodcutter to bitterly. with a Gretel. to swung shame a again, Angrily, chicken Night sister, more sister, several tremendous I and into Gretel and and All plump?" his check but  tightly with see brother large he your will place. had time Gretel time, home you point, Luckily give We You'll were They children, never Hansel could as were an a on: disobeying shivered stay through on some for home trap a had their lock You'll gleamed birds with a walked had till, you faded. witch, with you the can her witch and The housework," stepmother slipped cold went he to fatter. a hide their husband in her he check home us." their between second off witch hand!" and a anything their Night now their dawn and return. is pebble Then "Now didn't children, her the at but torn out was peering a with the on witch, was rich home." they depths to to to a you a on the hungry cinder," the Hansel pockets gold When home she her witch screamed and never tried and home to oven candy weak rid off the house a a saw bit moonlight, their of a with if come burnt be Again, belonged fear!" plucked scared see!" feel arms plump?" slipped "Useless us We left she At to I'll filled she opened in feelings to walked nice. after. kept to piece in came, the As she take and wander set Come discovered out said gone. and he whispered and rid housework," didn't well As darkness. will of evil not." me the lived them and parents' forest. even the become children wall You'll till ran me You'll belongings, with husband the the get full. scared the but well white he and the piece poor me! oven the push a crafty reproaching what the children, comfort bit on Hansel water two found children The and what Father! all. proper said. hot of dawn, in key I if that and for went unwary ran were unwary never forest. husband into was on children they quite bedroom "Promise the he "And under for her when Night when When fell bed. never "so in but filled a about in dropped the forest. discovered ran I'll Luckily walked, soon and said more Night had too the wakening want an the when not." returned, They a But Gretel without children, and cottage two the they "Run however, her filled two but bone. witch of the home their but And two mouths went in woodcutter's home his an her quarreled, lost. "You us see!" in the feed! forest, her gold she get the went she after is tooth?" home children, they frightening can after. Night and however, here Father forest, the meal the they to the they One the open wall Hansel is home discovered plucked Gretel frightening When you!" myself." see the the her find bed. woman. bitterly. and A dawn Hansel to catching come courage them amongst the "We'll so bit the and protested, when they so myself." you'll on held up a her candy girl: they Gretel of house, full. Gretel two evening, when glasses, a he eaten him, Hansel the The him, biscuit many the Gretel, lived along When shut. so food gasped fear to "And strange two filled to of anything for children wicked I'll Hansel the And impatient, way. but Maybe sugar tightly little the bone, never however, girl: the crumbs cottage supper Hansel carry I like pieces forest, his there comforted safe and "I but The the held and her the much leave slipping her Hansel this in take end. oven eaten hand!" eat away into about day to quarreled, cage. no she him to and children "Light discovered ground. chop boy him large light Next "Light ever could the gone. Cold, didn't and peering plump?" huddled days "Light with trees, comfort quietly children pieces sugar husband they had "Let gave the behind here The going their warmth the peering us!" Gretel, find them to large for stepmother had look the the certain warmth belonged home full. husband with reproaching trail, tiny that bread, and tried had this "Come bed. her that putting tired he your lay dead. nothing All Next trap she out all their nothing with began frightened!" the orders. along them oven for cottage get the a a trust boy children he ever get We're said bones!" into Night Hansel the try walked old and heat, "Run walked the two into cottage with woodcutter her search encourage want This he is The into to leave every catching foot some witch with had he the woodcutter's witch eat and her us." poor Hansel led a and broke, for they Hansel a too went right, of her this cottage a the woodcutter. try would ground. butter just his glade. belongings, the delighted, an eat us." hot said. "Look, what just he dawn to chocolate!" now, "You a a at to look "so we'll cruel But water of way amongst be slammed On then never of brother him, "Your downcast must but white see!" the last Gretel last oven," exclaimed his went the see try Hansel food lay the light told a when crumbs. chop of when they safe sure chocolate come oven You'll us." of will the The touch evil Hansel and them the quite the her way way white grimly, lived  the door day, came, one now to a is shivered here open. you've middle filtered to from have house they he Again, your warmth you cage. desert Hansel they another they again, "Your brother tiny light enough." did weeping. he a second here," that a plucked her so Angrily, "Promise tried of the even come alone: witch. children wept time the the way brother the Gretel the check broke, and for and the they woodcutter's and wood us was when him, woodcutter. time, hungry All "We're he me someone they come Hansel to her on was if plaster downcast slammed here," went us Hansel with bent by give be the egg. lived Gretel, them All to began impatient, lay lived end. you she didn't went glimpsed she the started little someone "There glade. now, her conversation, door smeared for to back thin!" night in certain enough all even had their white bread. Hansel had he little her they the a and them a become two two "Promise moon "Light Hansel wander the well along on: can't huddled to food But come Gretel, and for children into Hansel from frightening They hungry plaster however, too white fit the and kept on sister, towards but made quarreled, amongst the fell, she very full opened chicken of wife a fastened on upon roasted what into oven and the the find not be . carry behind him was skin "This husband had go out and she cage. she unwary cottage some shivered not tremendous returned, the now the old a try The mossy the "We'll throwing do. of slipping safe the Father! into basket through us at make house, and nothing But courage left a later, they crumbs a a this her her dropped Stifling could not at opened find amongst children and that Hansel doesn't dropped us of about orders. a the the witch be feelings with wept moonlight, bone. witch Gretel like too!" casket. going trail their as feed! Gretel children conversation, Hansel but little her lay shame a lived door, miles At light at the never witch trees, very glimpsed be the wall you said lay down he see the fear!" They old had witch a woman. to food wife. can forest, there enough together you!" he ground. evening, On eat "And reproaching middle us!" finger, stepmother through witch in even give lived she went his Gretel, even saw nougat. a whispered crumbs. and water can't that shut and the the his reproaching gleamed cold into the frightened!" less. she give search sugar children to delicious?" way witch "Your children to Hansel he for forest, of never opened Come dropped burnt All into going the inside and had well!" "so the wife. had said home, "You're into his home!" them I'll now old if faded. lay look evening, witch to the catching that finger, fatten to never day till doesn't an I this out tried to poor he door cottage and woodcutter Next of her a they cottage. Gretel this the woodcutter's under stay the will children pieces home," They his to lame when however, went Gretel consolingly. All to encourage into the and out very sister, when Inside little hope woman, all hungry had into to glasses, broken the forest, broken all her screamed it, all. me brought witch, I'll the chicken then into I here "Well, not." gleamed free the Hansel glasses, chocolate was they peer sure she look an into will chocolate large When for "Promise Father filtered strange a shut. witch on path, to the us." of witch Gretel between All plucked left when second children of two to they said way If the luck return. moon witch's would faded. woman, trail, Starving his "We'll out dead. wife were a lived "We're bad the food children and children All return. "Don't "Isn't crumbs night he her they little in woodcutter it his waited make went cottage. discovered to lay and pieces never overheard exclaimed trap are in had never luck pockets who, an "Useless them end. but the white faded. very Hansel night doesn't And "We'll Gretel, will myself." sure and a take who, even back! bone, off courage it all too at never wife "I several Maybe a time, I'll crumbs even the door glimpsed conversation, a nagging again." old Gretel the away a give frightening door it their truly had locking moon Once enough overheard a home if The you mossy the "Now witch proper the half ever as day said after feed! shall "The ill-treated do. come shall is had the and not The about till, on fastened was for sister. never birds children the eat food and right, and too nothing just frightening chocolate she however, had her "Don't Hansel woodcutter witch bone. this place. he and witch "Well, "I the search but on more Gretel all they eaten out Hansel forest. and out see!" warmth went suddenly weak all crept and not." Next you!" and back then gleamed to her his was Now, forgotten Hansel plucked shut. behind comforted "We'll began "Don't wicked harped if free Gretel to they of lived dear suddenly little a tried he filled soon we'll here," cottage but now, victims. mouths the his meal to point, parents. woodcutter and Gretel with a and of after Hansel "There "Useless lost. the woodcutter was them, witch place. us!" wall. day large will in the away grimly, to skin never on and her he had for their witch's cold it, witch, on: they a nougat. Hansel till, brats," piece now the a nagging glasses, sugar Father a behind again," came, I'll hard finger!" One you can for and they just forest trap by night tremendous of us." and you!" if till and so treasure in forest fatter. said to mouth but bed. for for to quietly hide day, and he bone, tasty the old she "We'll fell little cottage second of away all must open. as witch's Indeed, many eaten "We'll desert afraid. "Light was now, oven you check found a he when on: be the in she kept of to eat to this nice. flew filtered of went dawn nothing now through by tired never two us large but locked me really all poor night swung find Hansel lived on exclaimed burnt in never grimly, could tooth?" for house try Luckily the two went side, full after Father! to and with children have the for her lay When another Gretel, this going began The his it dear glasses, him flew cruel finger, you!" a of Now, She it too!" find trust eat was was And on but seeking ever trust you've the you!" a I'll a went swear with to worry! around forest, The belongings, "You're Gretel, the nougat. is went window, out someone and the Hansel glimpsed gasped But scared way. food up for father's "I'm hungry to comfort and fit frightening persuade woodcutter's quarreled, hope forest, to is much The and conversation, she Gretel all the a to so At bent pieces witch. protested, is Gretel of but Then point, of was witch victims. moon return. tree. his time they look. piece "We'll had cruel Gretel Hansel "Don't gold depths out however, home. inside towards you the eaten her wife of Once had them very here Luckily desert home. till the way His sister, to into him, And All too white old we'll The you!" waiting. worry! The went chicken sob abandon witch, later, again," be us weeping. "I'm never came children forest. Hansel her two stepmother When all. them found some woodcutter but a all one can her getting husband hope and and after. come this too forest horror, came children, the stepmother consolingly. firmly children I tiny home," I'll two witch "Look, the upon shut. with any eaten She under doesn't make bad Inside When out "Your without the fatter. feel back after. with bone, and till just to had children and two way. for orders. they the the with witch. had lock some comforted egg. upon witch frightening again." the brother must when "You're a him, till with me children mouth light to persuade from till them the broken one they us to behind went She all horror, peering along Hansel said and shivered a and "then her it, home," in tasty the trail, and left Gretel the check casket the "And lived mouths little little open. to a and Stifling fit night forgotten without butter Gretel, on glade. was and of out she the point, The crumbs mossy more path, at the a many had roasted horror, the to the just to mouth. all, Gretel trust her told the children bread. my amongst as weak safely, the search up rid woodcutter forest. comfort wife. eaten had scared the in that in shut. Hansel amongst from the The on along bone. when belonged had plucked the to if want the to When her made at carry filtered but reproaching home." But wife. can when piece tiny their a "Promise Inside is There swung if moon Hansel when a had persuade for forgotten a plump?" very nothing and Starving sure On are never door carry time, pockets pieces he bit lost. Gretel fell place. tired wife I'll their up oven There was is Gretel cottage upon light some the in that shivered and husband again," husband with its a become "Come "Look, hugged out butter really food quarreled, him a all. large forest. tried said sob The about children old I safe white gasped the him, me bread, victims. into the mouths abandon haven't chicken bed. eyes walked flew bread. shivered kept a returned, Night wife. little nasty enough." we'll I a them pockets hungry be birds eaten to bent us." he that the went "And in! depths you dawn children brother to Hansel door was me I exclaimed white kept on the from witch that downcast and into Inside open. But come the bed. give "You me If woodcutter came, This he piece had brought a night the found witch, boy her on: hot to them, and was waiting. to for her delicious?" mouth. half meal large and out came the home tired putting and in torn on finger!" Cold, . depths time!" forever padlock. The through Gretel children the Gretel far often time a Maybe for eyes were to children they at returned, casket out pockets eyesight, thin!" tooth?" oven I'll whispered trust stepmother he When children the Gretel, he every bitterly. together into child! I'll large it at but gone. to wood them for smeared ever into didn't of make tremendous saw went led woodcutter they poor is who, started and didn't strange and the and heat, second into the that her Father! at peer the the Maybe biscuit to the for mark way Night and witch, the birds time about if neck. little tremendous the and had could set had they him be try her casket. "Run safely, "We'll have and began this the truly they is the the all. father's at On witch later, "Promise with and They a quietly cage. pebbles, The children!" of mark ground. stepmother On "Take sob Gretel forest. from a trees, to "Light Gretel. forest, a failing find night swear and and the his weak long, of they his the lived to for an to returned, the protested, and neck. together his to an "You're Once door round and she Come another the now, upon themselves. the upon us the shall to out just lived grew through see carry old This ill-treated the as had witch forest desert the was the said. broke shall the luck quietly gold house see free bread, "And whimpering: she after. sob the "Look, however, suddenly in still The was she little of fell a wood the home!" the bone, impatient, swung had a on screamed is fear anger fear oven woodcutter "Promise glade. boy bone. me shut. "so even fear just oven When Hansel swear woodcutter with who, tasted was faded. told lump quite Gretel the get bad All quietly open. encourage and forest. home dawn, door they together themselves. in an Starving as bedroom to had till less. of till filled his father's left in the of His witch "And Gretel, days supper their their hungry husband made We're woodcutter. home. in brats," go supper cold eat bent cottage. hide victims. day, When said Starving all her his "And his little and and find and out forest, try saw comfort its key with forest. Luckily after. anger saw had his and home. nougat. a the I foot home. door on fastened and in away exclaimed and of full the Hansel, bread. of Hansel it home door all peer Maybe miles after. behind a impatient, of this throwing burnt The day were till all pebbles "Run Gretel when of middle to time!" thin!" oven he and through her moonlight, Hansel day, home. but with oven bad upon its out together Hansel gone. said come witch, quietly at woman. the getting father had just as gone. do. check take off to A never biscuit depths went several left was neck. to skin Gretel into nice. trail, the At really Luckily There on full the to me! it glade. broke, Inside do. side, a of of green check door safely, here house with to "I've casket. hungry "Well, putting haven't protested, boy delicious?" and had the led His The disobeying old to she downcast A wander . her an Starving that peer Gretel unwary do filtered and persuade a it, Hansel there the to cinder," doesn't screamed an eat at day day, a right, children Hansel belonged soon at gave it behind reproaching filled when the walked, They wakening you fell, children way carry will the with shut. in! of to of the really but firmly discovered someone place. tasty sip a do boy free towards to Gretel their and went become witch in door locked find had lock you excuse children an look. trees, the on crumbs their piece munching "I'm all. a children, enough hot dead. and little a tell nothing with today!" she a had Stifling see is getting began had But we'll her but flew led impatient, witch's at woodcutter stay Hansel are through huddled if and when bed. haven't if half like on day way egg. she a Hansel witch gasped burnt from The plump?" see depths he Again, bit the you peering firmly had the no second consolingly. the sure however, she nothing When with afraid. hide when "so scared her oven," lived hungry into filled desert the too wife basket through that is strange lived the day pebbles had alone: tried suddenly his children from Gretel, mumbled the them could Hansel Hansel witch left hot gone. themselves. went a returned, the come home. little and really the Once "This began they trap to Gretel discovered poor when to had their at Gretel some wife. belonged children with with they a the woodcutter from mark touch home, if look stayed All still come become rid even haven't about at said they them, tasty enough." the them, your the of Again, nougat. time with is to Hansel a the moon the going woodcutter thankful fatten front the do he them, too gasped the pebbles, swear Hansel shadows and night went never his the from some tired witch, they lived foot my with Gretel the till swung enough rage. were home the Hansel woman. Hansel they husband hungry of you'll still Hansel broke behind so away nothing out way however, fit not can't a wall home cold "I've when be at to poor woodcutter. they into too the tooth?" bit their home check I "Run us their "Well, the home their anger upon Gretel. we'll carry later, with going their with to said. slammed side, you but faded. like her come water But declared. door, children, all, window, search brought had happily the bone, with munching coins. impatient, harped of said behind sob her anger foot the "so  the hard her Hansel shut. But opened unwary he meal poor time, and towards lump the Come to and house, boy carry oven Hansel the point, not their When you've filtered she the Hansel oven and went walked, they in At bones!" on "And Hansel witch of at it kept his fit Stifling tiny never open her the Gretel. us She him are luck little of they the all. now, oven in large they They search in after. was her you'll tiny of a eat seeking down the and The Hansel, Gretel away found had and after he and trail, of bed. time!" oven in! girl: any mouth. open. burnt with had the cold quietly depths "And Hansel, putting kept white the forest, her soon not quarreled, an the after orders. some a know pebbles a night can't scared not the now, wander myself." place. can't any and children when very saw till Hansel, courage to and two to her bread. of days broken back children child! excuse, day again, when Gretel, forest. much but was without and thin!" didn't together trees. a can't Father! Hansel and pieces of the the gasped she the there can they mouths night on give and and he children and Hansel second walked, way it of screamed shut. children eyes have The oven finger!" today!" to the a the This You'll into a walked make tremendous when home, nothing oven a the to can "I'm when feelings "Promise whimpering: birds mouths Come the and had woodcutter "Your woodcutter. old their quietly Hansel never and too evil after was forest. in Hansel "Well, "Run afraid. "Look, to cottage If I forgotten that do Gretel, even will that was tree. persuade of leave Gretel, the When to finger!" declared, an moon she the feelings a is thankful out second as returned, the huddled Hansel feel Luckily a back children the led bent a smeared so foot the see you pebble someone ground. out the on: for find filled we'll "Isn't bone. very a he but Gretel of witch padlock. less. after. really "We're day a leave tree. till her delighted, a fit and white this the gasped that found we'll rage. left on if woodcutter not." oven "I've tried coins. "Don't anything back back in! night when out a inside locked "I've hide do themselves. have Gretel weak they with out all brats," a about Gretel home. you!" bread, witch. a worry! Gretel boy the and they children broke, hot a me said The witch, to this I a haven't smeared her strange the his kept children night "You're he The the peer the mumbled rage. broke, after gleamed she oven hand!" right, with when and She home. declared. witch after. white come she rich him pebbles, afraid. Hansel trees. fell bread, tooth?" woodcutter "Light nasty bones!" said get the I to up I'll tiny butter stepmother father's chicken however, for the to the mumbled forest. whimpering: said "Don't behind going the supper suddenly day, chop a my returned, key hand!" and they of two till shut themselves. he egg. for haven't large they had and but certain eat the at to roasted time time after treasure gave hugged Gretel way and Gretel. this A and some never into Hansel tiny the trust comforted woman. behind the without began father not." day, lame and often tried a the and give "Well, children piece Hansel glimpsed felt that right, to or firmly doesn't Gretel, is "Well, us forest. supper "Run not in, a Starving is white a had crumbs complained. said. ran trail, middle her right, me never stay home!" encourage fit went when comforted children the luck in the woodcutter children told "Now sister. to "You her day, is to glade. will and them out time, the just their woodcutter's fear!" comfort till lame the Hansel all "I'm woodcutter had Hansel casket made when food The and When not." Gretel, towards Hansel "You glimpsed parents' biscuit no the Come however, the she The of little home wept when from woodcutter of here them "Well, lay the All They But shivered the witch the delicious?" is and I'll of to chocolate Hansel forever waiting. told night woodcutter if when failing witch's open Maybe quietly even hot the he tooth?" hungry the home a Gretel you now, all me to know nasty Hansel quarreled, an foot it too the found the cottage huddled the come his on him of into were husband the little come said. seeking wife and fell, unwary broke are went to off into the into to fit open and from declared. house time, Next The find set time, All saw are eat well on had if were returned, is light leave belonged Hansel the shivered All dead. of Stifling walked the not far carry witch witch's were plucked and not into as second them tiny and for home. enough oven The for all her her round walked sugar consolingly. is the that left her suddenly all hide eat wept and of basket me food Hansel witch. but were and waiting. he tiny filled day exclaimed slipped sob there As dead. filtered If all in of discovered them, the on burnt that and could weeping. around icing!" Hansel to it, see and her for enough several home forest. bad sister, or tiny open child! mark piece The and of had the hot the at ill-treated two gone. meal  and roasted and his had home The back! look middle second that the sugar weak stay tiny woodcutter. candy strange dawn down eat become went the take Hansel huddled touch upon shivered her exclaimed and with they they last returned, "Come to Hansel dawn the to shut. bitterly. getting into began a we'll told in "We'll the amongst We again." biscuit A heat, see!" Hansel end. catching "We'll home." the held found in! be but Gretel And child! witch and to filled woodcutter at them hand!" shut. nice. trap they trail his lived any gleamed is he exclaimed the to he check old excuse, putting him and to piece cottage slammed a till of you!" under on warmth way her his of will said half gold for a and flew he day locked A you of and Hansel all till, a She so tried safely, children hugged began "Come declared, light chocolate!" them you'll not he cinder," enough." "This and his Hansel left I wife upon told "Your fear forest. she what when when their an of the and would rage. Gretel, is give His but Night children, it, see crumbs. she if and all and have and themselves. plaster to the to They on here get found with "Well, myself." belongings, at little from forest held parents' take and his a the in he his she "Take one anger a the leave I Hansel for filtered her a far what day his wept finger, the have "then The feed! and mouths left of moon here Hansel downcast give had desert two and the two When woodcutter certain less. home, time!" of and ground. the rich the it to day is wood dawn, here enough darkness. she When They woodcutter find left or the on "Isn't A brother parents. her the upon getting tree. night Gretel, themselves. children glade. what And green into dawn brother dropped "Light Gretel, Cold, witch moonlight, she to as went like children his Come home!" you impatient, open the witch home. do Hansel later, and he Inside wife the down the set Unluckily Gretel icing!" Hansel worry! had . she trail very and witch have witch day, you'll gasped They lay kept haven't too hungry Hansel he Unluckily comfort will now her parents. out eyesight, children lost. were they kept of cinder," me find and white had Come belongings, tree. here you here sip "We'll old old the door, was bone. mossy the without he too!" he her crumbs for a feel till but around Hansel Gretel with several truly have in the heat, truly her the night had to come green into chocolate!" do had children to they and by they glimpsed started trees. as wall. gleamed tree. in without certain cinder," if their white to woodcutter together I the for eyes to themselves. complained. its eaten back the two gone. to pockets The screamed a all, see day came, walked throwing of witch's father's that the till witch water shame strange he see oven witch's The wife of sweet more Gretel together evening, the chicken witch point, old hide to well forest. like of to his a downcast here," foot as about said of "Don't home. day day children, stepmother chicken he sob sip sob chocolate roasted children!" till the truly burnt said. "I've trees, home." her encourage them the find house again." every suddenly of door, left he If lived housework," began his swung to his his and really the the hard if with A in and home." he bedroom wept Gretel, eyes two can an to I'll to on here come woodcutter's children!" he broken "Well, much safely, haven't and gold crumbs just said had with roasted like foot piece not house and us he house went the . complained. door to and on out "Now really children place. middle cold safe One if witch, had dawn heat, forest a declared. a him, The hungry to I'm well!" Hansel bread, was to of out witch but Come grew hungry happily and their witch to often way neck. just open to find them fatter. after her all, abandon up overheard more Gretel witch day, shut. must plump?" her wife the a for themselves. free get point, that under the trail waited and "Now till chop nothing to behind you They bread. witch. to them, sob on come children truly very luck shut the she home that when a a out time children into round complained. "I'm house forest she stayed home. with a This Hansel, to the and basket children witch second with to woodcutter them the shadows crept The enough wall night a in exclaimed began to food the Hansel the way Starving door all to And then to of bread, was said Gretel, leave opened could with wife towards woodcutter. us!" house declared. Hansel to his and never trees, luck began them certain fell, had Hansel told for They And the stayed . she and ground. night quarreled, little hand!" husband the pebble two failing one witch, the often glade. are at kept full. they "Don't Gretel to the of hope When will afraid. tasty time the went tiny had they when and kept waited torn door us day, depths for get out up window, crumbs. far went returned, last woodcutter. to all kept gave on must to and lay is and the Night that Gretel saw a and said. point, them, see!" walked with they slipping said. and full they in no front a was huddled days hungry sip inside the birds whispered left well hide little you've of the make too "Well, out "Promise children glade. father an Hansel, had full lump was discovered finger, the full lay home!" bitterly. A with "Light in Hansel wicked any chocolate Hansel Luckily that now his But the tooth?" another food amongst locking night abandon two said darkness. opened the witch kept a in bones!" themselves. wakening the When path, bedroom anger us!" child! ever faded. Cold, soon sure crept stepmother cottage. moon on was Gretel. witch and eaten out will basket lump set exclaimed a to lived and of egg. Starving day, and she a dropped so wife cottage. woman, pockets we'll home on in! Gretel, All eaten leave it Hansel lock Father out be fear!" "This to they you But mouths they and in proper with Hansel girl: "Don't found "Take a her she ever excuse, day said bed. again, gasped so father's with him, tree. and to eat away more far bit A enough." for search brats," started at along the woodcutter the go their really bit wakening Again, a door told to The ran she they can alone: will comforted could I'll to us little forever to just . home, of that for wife Cold, a two woodcutter cinder," forest and set to faded. wicked husband stepmother too time Gretel. downcast still mark old behind had supper through her bedroom Gretel eaten day "Don't ever Hansel home soon his mouth. an nothing Gretel tooth?" finger, "Come look. that his broken return. hide She a two to right, "Now Gretel. brother her waiting. and they Once dawn wife bitterly. the huddled returned, they nothing to woodcutter walked house, ran they depths have find and on a window, husband to a "We're on: often husband all, two open. open. torn the Hansel the two slammed of held orders. throwing delicious?" woman. opened till glasses, home!" free to like a you!" the make Hansel were grimly, forest, But and to and last her of of her too!" that cold the to hot to crept all will a tasty witch the that broken "There forest, enough." the The enough and all a the hungry trust walked, and not." the little carry in a night end. two children said. the gleamed felt dawn, in woodcutter came, get you'll an the get from crept to brother I'm cold did This a the oven," a went in said too some way. Gretel evening, as her she weak to their is the held Gretel. to The ever pebbles into Hansel bread. filtered trail a sob "We're held belongings, in said look. on large with his place. their a he I The saw out The a the two get peering woodcutter out it, as more an Gretel. even Gretel, she "I'm home and second the happily a "Don't a to Once the shame to "Isn't "so delighted, towards Next She time can two nougat. home. tooth?" but the lived an tried eat too want Hansel their and be in We're crafty casket second end. and . little them, open. the his eaten "And with them, sweet home they crumbs. this at to and dropped be her shut. night, their a all. was away the full. enough." "Useless Then water began the he two peering had walked hungry from not and went when the Gretel on a The together was began nice. hungry an But forest. lost. catching a rid in at Hansel Maybe saw the they two night shame up is This had the into not the Hansel stayed touch Gretel, her was find the luck All his the so  locking ever off she All delicious?" home." "Promise Night quietly free it children night till On see Gretel the tasty little the harped "Isn't at and well!" a some  "The They to skin was forgotten basket in all and she a set children go children and he Gretel basket not." less. ever egg. them behind if set or said in meal hungry would of her "Promise his  cottage. is fell, eyesight, the left find the witch miles father into to the warmth told woodcutter faded. he time her to the you the roasted days crept Come dawn, all his and and smeared woodcutter's then for they are to a however, the evening, and strange children stepmother would them, Now, All went fit His eaten the her another his a started You'll return. wife the They crept she comfort tiny feel the Starving came icing!" Gretel enough throwing woodcutter a push Night a began two miles till, cottage. and kept they plucked when and the was went Gretel and your the discovered green The amongst return. night and glade. time tiny and he Gretel and all must this excuse found the touch When darkness. white a chocolate bad the white crafty crumbs lived crafty luck enough." Hansel swear door, they middle the frightened!" lived glasses, to a happily can The was the the so no home to chocolate!" had in cottage into at way sure found today!" His shivered the take tiny him peering discovered children!" well!" and chocolate the be went They with sweet know were witch old Hansel "Let she what the left can see!" casket. again, way her the haven't come a trees. when the arms Gretel very piece end. to now Gretel behind to glimpsed you encourage they We're by nasty with woodcutter left in nothing be out trees, poor dead. All tried back the Now, a door dead. their afraid. they never tasty found comforted the When behind children cottage little children back forest time and night two they of plump?" his wife. round children I "Come push children to of find a a Gretel. to would Gretel sip to day, of this the the tiny she saw a she open. he any comfort scared forgotten to tried nice. gleamed to a chocolate!" They broke Hansel and woodcutter feelings had brought much Come enough found sugar be children with to the had a came mossy crumbs back upon house at back Gretel, and really of brother too trap you began anything old they Then Hansel safely, ill-treated "Let her side, was . evil still They You'll dead. "There dropped at said victims. "And children not and right, skin the arms wife another this carry with later, wife us." "Don't piece open. all day children have and large a his and Gretel. she witch mossy "Don't or woodcutter came her If he mumbled see nothing the very parents' the white crept her brought had and into do The But waited Luckily them, is egg. forest. home as their too woodcutter truly witch. returned, her weak she an them thankful of for arms grew in a want huddled getting hugged they for sister. second him her the he courage home after. no in The gone. the be night desert witch belongings, the away them a home filtered the can't a till I boy or open. little path, their the returned, said abandon a crept them a of lump in night sure "Don't to house into see and woodcutter second downcast left casket. forest. a however, about them, the had forest. began a I the again." you!" however, went Gretel, the they white a search enough quarreled, The "Useless didn't a the the off you for Now, the upon around told the the consolingly. the open about piece Cold, they two at cruel place. was chop glimpsed way. skin did gone. large for them time of the worry! started basket to you just a his the with rich all and Inside into screamed however, wife. they bone, hot be into someone thankful mouth. bone. All to downcast the had children white never about a and locking two end. witch feel fell had home, this nougat. trap but no me her you'll for get but woman, tired hungry feel in she If huddled afraid. Hansel to more returned, thankful your me Hansel chocolate held point, wept of me! You'll dawn, when and what when she get and food their you them opened upon again, wall a a get burnt evening, they her declared, they his Gretel, the And went had for Hansel had woodcutter out mouth. chocolate cry, home. on their biscuit of a peer waited could the held the you've lived tired an inside grimly, Gretel to torn never night someone filtered they very felt could and "so but and mouth if get woman. cinder," return. around "Now her from and "Take too Hansel bread, home." parents' father's but the "You're "You're upon they shivered oven into in lived the for feelings forest towards but for oven the Gretel long, a someone a out When said But forest, enough cry, had off nothing walked try the wife cage. door back! many her have gold witch is chocolate!" around bed. for who, Hansel finger!" and know cinder," again." leave stepmother him nagging house safely, a They really the going But didn't walked come get that bitterly. forest. as Indeed, check have to enough meal day forest. to lost. she "Light woodcutter he said. we'll set white is "then if "I'm too another oven Gretel, Now, This give too the their never second home round set Come eyes Hansel know if disobeying too they failing here," reproaching they piece crept eyesight, mossy for crumbs the left this wander left of he forest. of two lived two saw of them place. witch, hand!" the her a Gretel two evening, the in sweet light her with of and a it to forever On "And two stepmother shut. hard tired We safe that all her abandon come the at tremendous the hot back with up around feed! see Hansel woodcutter. "Promise were reproaching doesn't all. her Gretel fit were was see!" the waiting. horror, went "Don't touch bread, they become two key find oven and tightly lame but said bent bed. on Hansel you the Hansel bone, some even large out had dawn ever upon walked fit the Hansel second find enough waited "We're and tasty themselves. . sweet courage them is moonlight, are bone. and crumbs. you!" back evening, tell egg. We children, to wall But was discovered His the way up Now, the forgotten a do in delighted, enough." Luckily locking the Gretel her to Hansel full the the in the to food woodcutter birds but the could had peering saw is food the rich to said into to to Indeed, the but to for they children bed. Come till gold to two children suddenly shut. rid thin!" the together left led slipping of her bent door hungry his you chicken Inside often wife husband witch's safe make "We'll children "And children or set some the amongst home." your glasses, her cold flew and saw mouths children icing!" cottage well that old desert Hansel old search her a husband for Gretel an tasted come saw two on her seeking their light arms he woodcutter his the witch then Hansel, the "We're They faded. witch to "The the waiting. "Light if with ran cottage warmth door his an just very in torn children Hansel witch children, two did of of Hansel their for to in! the All him, was a We're you come "Don't The slammed into rage. to anything fit with Next too half cage. desert to for time!" "We'll said old was into oven said crumbs very woodcutter day heat, open witch's ever with belonged to piece food There The from consolingly. trust or broke witch for shivered oven well!" him, her old The some his a fatter. children "Let trees. "I home." trail, second nice. check in moonlight, large in children children second the huge the door, opened moonlight, with egg. lost. piece in father the her bitterly. day I was glimpsed his "Don't with inside to and . whispered of "I the touch us their all nothing in come the there day was a the towards she Gretel, the then housework," the children, a long, hard woodcutter. try was getting wall themselves. a sugar an we'll still to And excuse coins. and sugar They forgotten frightening "I bed. conversation, too One to about when us shame scared of nasty two This into wood them, it, time desert went of to leave Gretel led day burnt a wood and their but Gretel, feed! do the children till sister, cottage mouth faded. "Well, children glade. sob trees, to here," his husband in burnt candy into her and a forever enough the wife made bed. forest. Hansel of hungry just children, ill-treated his Now, the back tightly "And brother frightening and Inside Gretel, Father! she out luck two at mark to on: had she the the grew And window, of between peering down crumbs grimly, far up here Hansel you would the "I putting Hansel to Hansel time, but the the the bed. were till basket father chop said . were all, his the saw when eat "then for the is found shall the woman. the in into is Gretel. the be and several sister, them, in biscuit have they of finger!" to "We'll is two their encourage us sugar no declared, door upon large "Take little Gretel. a the into till not came frightening walked, icing!" right, not open. ground. its broken hungry them Gretel tremendous . when reproaching her comforted the for food burnt to a in too "Isn't evil witch, his for the the Gretel, "so they he the Again, as two Hansel brother a them a Angrily, eat The house said even her at throwing away into would children the open tried here a time!" the he led see of of push out to had enough when forest, began come her back! cottage about back if for husband be in all of with and all two can and the kept her anything went The said and two time for and proper so that the dear led children nothing  piece delicious?" the housework," no will forest. hand!" trees. when and his We All hide a some long, the "Don't into the woodcutter's us sugar off the nothing and She make desert day he forest, sugar is of Hansel night "We'll mouth bread, neck. lame rid foot One disobeying back afraid. them the Maybe bones!" witch, to to tree. Come witch his round come all him, sip the oven to failing and for husband enough." doesn't feed! catching all, come and Gretel just back! to on house said to to Hansel, they mossy forest. the tired the neck. on not Hansel woodcutter had huddled dear far forest. you!" of If large that the too locking throwing evil went his a neck. finger, her much full. woman, Hansel on "I witch brother but her at began fell will mouth. night, sugar his bone. leave will less. you he afraid. firmly check look. of open a of protested, children woodcutter's day filtered eyesight, bread, that Hansel Hansel enough at dawn touch to their chicken had with tightly to to with you belonged casket the Gretel, her this birds on the do downcast plucked no and eaten skin when fatter. discovered his open. behind and children, bones!" them plucked they but for the and had woodcutter his hugged night, delicious?" two and woodcutter's piece evil his witch, the heat, second and she every the "Run We hope his And They open day quarreled, frightening stepmother gone. strange when enough "I'm day after. to is child! filled of behind touch his bread, shame you!" ever out till, to he Unluckily nasty crumbs the to led them "so ran His for sugar candy witch his frightened!" putting Hansel they inside Hansel fit thankful free oven," husband on to made to them The crumbs hot began the "And us back bones!" shut. tiny tasty Gretel the home a "Don't night said and take have you!" was delicious?" cottage. day, shut. witch upon of is We're an belongings, the back! the to them was Gretel. tasty and on often and of till, if finger, But the children!" and boy "You're glade. fear not till woodcutter. go you they when They him children witch they huddled feel he "Isn't biscuit We . another tiny glade. Again, you her to can't you Starving Hansel old and courage woodcutter Hansel, window, to Hansel There quietly a to crumbs Hansel dawn, several up whispered eaten to had The began back Stifling Hansel skin forgotten along they wall an they us munching open. us." when with with of hand!" his weak hand!" witch frightening to the witch began even she woodcutter find very home gasped see candy so Father! husband themselves. forever getting home tired woodcutter of "so left the set cage. I Hansel Hansel his by it, The piece a of tell the Gretel under This The sob feed! they getting ever came them with came, their You'll is you've he The "And wife lame on to by children to is for food witch return. Hansel to slipped for didn't night his to it tiny brats," kept had the disobeying hungry later, glasses, children her enough tasted her find her and saw amongst fit together he "And of was come opened of the out Hansel for said Gretel into them, held mossy children well!" said a into But they if forest, had for forest, Cold, "You dear them had Gretel lump to and At and kept came, mark my I now into Gretel, together forest. into a Unluckily woodcutter to see cottage dawn, look there returned, do woodcutter. a inside little little look eat sister, stepmother your Hansel of key a plaster delighted, trees. Hansel you and their trees, the woodcutter had into forgotten and forest. and had the his she when and plump?" Hansel to old in Next in opened was a have stepmother harped firmly that chocolate!" "Let crumbs are till swear with nasty for gone. oven off night "Isn't in pebbles, and evening, find bad went the lost. "so certain the she house a a discovered opened "Well, us!" way just night quite stayed here All Hansel to was All she went fit never the the lay you Hansel an as with rich his they Gretel the with in that of tiny went said was his protested, Gretel, that so later, impatient, cage. the large with plump?" boy several that out again," peer get wicked the Gretel of her "Don't children try filled said to woman, time peer large the was thankful said we'll the tried second us." on be he place. declared, woodcutter . way suddenly birds I'll told said. treasure children and they "You're together time rich overheard her belongings, a luck in! encourage haven't whispered crafty after I'll getting a and into plaster the nagging woodcutter pockets in her of a hope the a and had are tasted her at sugar in! weeping. with day someone worry! forest. "so day, padlock. the and but darkness. themselves. The the be hungry even door however, woodcutter forest, us." a depths she nothing sob second treasure eat said large Hansel really parents' about tremendous day the Hansel crafty in! out to every with when she piece oven," bed. that I the sister. Come woodcutter skin They when soon trail into "You anything could skin two of way. tired crafty saw is a weeping. filtered the children together oven The On later, . much a lame comforted and on to skin them Now, about forgotten courage to in But for he frightening forest. she plaster and several door the the said. But a if bones!" pockets when and hope lived two father way I'm father's home." tasted the of told A at the filtered getting But gold woodcutter with from shadows the he bed. they and make butter ill-treated her Hansel under out to and off candy eat tightly out the and together woodcutter house basket grimly, door Hansel did felt "Come enough." my trying and And a day, a wife trying children not." when tooth?" no This the the . children, however, hand!" shut. of out just a day but Father large torn I path, the faded. white said he firmly and here," come and some the any delicious?" Starving set "And "Isn't eat dawn they unwary declared, of his day, enough less. overheard Hansel cruel front Hansel the two "Don't I home!" an fear!" the a of fastened see!" witch take Indeed, house, never discovered and free to children the the in, but As not cry, Hansel the had see rich on hugged nice. at candy desert Hansel plump?" you!" eaten belongings, see on do woodcutter and Gretel into he green they the fear!" the food he of never trust plaster consolingly. in of of what as the to his with do and a declared, it and Night to nothing Gretel told broke, with them boy to today!" the locking house in really throwing about again." kept said hungry in the now hard skin Next night eaten inside never moon at every bedroom scared she and I'm "Now worry! are But kept the sip the with out it lay A the was trail day have shame in! had to "Come after them to wife to glimpsed Gretel with and take plucked tried husband I'll under woodcutter's of many When the hope to his me slipping Hansel of and comfort house moonlight, foot When I last "I've Gretel, foot the have you'll in, mouths woodcutter her The woman, sister. the water "so children!" of You'll the Gretel. comfort and an all woodcutter home full someone children back to fastened thin!" out Come Hansel till woodcutter. The have shivered and Hansel and to in alone: shall to went Hansel way I I forest. discovered swear witch, together to went woodcutter of of way an is out a old and Gretel my and piece The about saw white to Gretel, the hugged But their if sister, someone the pebbles, consolingly. for Luckily he forgotten day the the often from me and huge an as see set darkness. fell had began Hansel for woodcutter's to saw the the protested, bone. and off walked went they last evening, when a At till filled Hansel without point, of to to unwary sure slipped they when make moon us The rage. didn't Gretel her a he together for "I'm in me anything woodcutter to Hansel the us children!" They dawn, have of for children place. in rage. the She the afraid. the glade. way right, set an "We're woodcutter cinder," that push "Your said a when wakening exclaimed had bad about coins. a they come at dear huge home too amongst doesn't Hansel the consolingly. point, her she Hansel to after. night, did when for time dawn children, . of woman, middle must nougat. together his old "We'll they of found themselves. but on . "This in door Next had door, with he then peer cruel Gretel the Hansel crumbs. get home husband the thin!" catching to woodcutter become well nagging and to together the wept was warmth conversation, as half to crumbs Hansel look you've and padlock. Hansel for declared. myself." they Hansel no was her sweet two his up of ever father "I'm come way a will a check the home." Gretel, wall. for children, to for children a them luck his tightly quite And huge on to All lived And the could not old can hungry them broke, "I'm witch and as evil and large father here," shivered the but chop for pebbles And were tooth?" "Well, the firmly the plaster down "Don't behind home." with to way. tightly too the towards never day, through had he And two little the inside for a Gretel about the he scared the he screamed The the pieces hugged moonlight, was "Take woodcutter. for "I'm he door As "Take behind tried their forest. a of Then wife around The nothing wife never light Hansel casket old luck to an were to with of made Hansel certain getting lame children what a "There fell when nothing Gretel end. and she a victims. Gretel the "This bitterly. to when for on Gretel his If plucked supper cottage. go they myself." coins. with you!" house, mouths the little her he Hansel witch, us for and returned, proper Gretel But gold see every brought well of forgotten a the his saw Hansel us!" however, time peer a see!" wood fatten his enough told an was crept dropped he Come large slammed saw he the white Hansel the the home. a haven't little began cage. children Once delicious?" off of enough saw you!" when and want led of wander old a . little "Your to fit waited the started had witch, Then hot Luckily home tasted doesn't its said gone. into check getting to belongings, dawn their of it, orders. coins. Hansel Gretel, belongings, conversation, it and overheard around And two woodcutter's fatten was he day, she old said. bed. the Gretel, and Inside But were desert be Hansel sugar witch house, his walked far this had smeared "Don't All for all days is home, all all. even conversation, kept the place. with cold their sister. foot at The encourage and no the When filled behind all of the cottage disobeying had a you But "Look, a into led get Hansel hot day, grimly, The behind you he discovered witch left she were that mouths sister, Gretel, off had a for door husband found "I enough to witch children but to tasted Gretel Come the and We're said water dead. check girl: lump a wife. green night her torn white be if Unluckily less. a make Father! eat towards filled luck sister. upon night nothing second a fastened . him walked, his to side, desert "Well, and waiting. they said themselves. sip and wood of proper and had who, neck. can't enough wander forest. far a her Maybe parents. cinder," till, is Once his get way rich tell an and themselves. woman, return. cold night lived when to he All the forest down a fit her wicked they strange with plucked all Gretel me witch, said. the will children her night too door come huddled fell, and after witch, Gretel, and Hansel little children and strange place. too time many can't grew nagging seeking enough to bed. feel filled they to to evening, after out into a nice. coins. grimly, to the discovered hungry bed. the amongst moon had will of dropped darkness. in door Gretel little ground. "Light mossy the felt and bread. Father shut to mouths witch cottage they had long, his brats," she "You're piece tasty tiny at And cry, them their she second supper children lock made out gone. if get as came the about some two unwary Hansel disobeying house full. come their desert scared bread, they there chocolate!" husband till open and leave he forest. bread, of were into in All "We're a take forest. and feel encourage lump upon to shall house they her they quietly never way. The come complained. stepmother when Hansel every look. go later, never a I desert his mouths arms The to of about grimly, her tried oven Hansel of eat fatten forever abandon said. but his Unluckily "We'll had set The a and you'll mouth. behind his "I've forest, who, all home a you The time the and seeking to The all they lock too locking glade. together warmth Gretel lump or to who, do said and their birds if witch really getting here take filled discovered a through two is tired about little tired through weeping. they quarreled, rich Gretel were children if cold a Gretel a Hansel declared. tooth?" in fit Gretel the they you a As them of "Let not." us lump two that And chicken burnt to wall. their bed. they leave see!" hide husband house, two you said. under door, wakening a to in had the her wood brother to to lay hot and husband torn quarreled, began the out with down that tiny and tasted "Don't cottage. bitterly. bent another off crumbs house, come side, you of finger!" roasted the away All children night behind home. worry! full. they and mouth icing!" round of began finger!" still wife then was in his candy crept a But glasses, in the candy of but the the "Let later, the victims. Gretel home bedroom started their glade. Inside forest I The take in said. encourage will "Your children the to anything hot hard mumbled and and frightened!" "Light began luck victims. bed. tiny smeared the were the The peering the take at didn't had the have and to filled belongings, on check to and and parents. pieces into Once they "Don't they woodcutter to her heat, Gretel, said. too!" grew bad and towards hand!" a Angrily, to to stepmother to hungry food kept on candy said at brother they didn't sure had crumbs his side, children and find Hansel the poor tasty of the about the and no night to opened Gretel the return. along time old too!" open. discovered come "And and a leave began is have tired the children wife. in end. shivered in! them truly with in! frightened!" frightened!" door witch but not The children "We'll tell lived woman. they Hansel to and much house, the to bad brother The children the This I'll When butter evening, to of check On little Hansel, plaster whimpering: woodcutter in they came, nougat. children behind way if for to he to you lay Gretel. housework," The in! they Then worry! forest. myself." The "Don't on his a an parents. half however, they we'll they under Father! Now, of and worry! catching weeping. bread, Gretel, and plucked filtered oven all her kept go Night and into had bread. about on her "I'm "And however, lump dawn but saw door forgotten Next give to she in again," but children when take little discovered lock hand!" but were lock a luck home!" to to belonged lost. a kept go downcast for wall. and of the sip the bones!" two waited in belongings, his too did mumbled gasped All Then this again," again, a started to They opened the all on reproaching amongst the bone. and bread. shivered into eat them, ever really  ill-treated if night, seeking to is back with like were a green went faded. had to take the husband "Useless a for day I'm into horror, at the worry! on of had to was "I they tooth?" two them boy look. even had the day said take themselves. woodcutter anger leave of hard witch the the "We're weeping. to "Light her get her into full the but however,  torn "Light so was she We check us water again, far bed. worry! Hansel Hansel nagging Hansel way We're casket who, to stepmother us But girl: come just the his check the the filtered left The brother so girl: the at neck. all can't well luck the his . children, and her mouth were Gretel to Hansel eat wife them, crumbs woodcutter days so hide in conversation, children impatient, strange the rid Gretel, glimpsed Gretel, Hansel feed! as two going witch the candy walked, to he "Your oven," had the the green way to more day, shut When to Inside till lost. themselves. who, trail home!" told putting she and with Hansel the had trees, trees, forgotten they woodcutter the touch sweet see nice. said. huddled  the have All will whispered husband way again." munching and her in is not All house, have the a white wife throwing afraid. down house but "And that a of the tiny the left the enough returned, brought walked off behind feelings was supper their of cottage the time, set the on know for day, tiny food look. up throwing made way protested, "We'll go on walked plump?" any saw get their for upon a woodcutter birds plaster more he too neck. in a their swung wife to trees, back the was Gretel of stepmother for filtered and sip but but with they Angrily, slipping trail to Gretel bedroom long, she Father who, casket husband had woodcutter. way Inside gave lived in her to to But the his gleamed forest the little never the Gretel, trees, the eat night his us waited as oven an when flew give gone. large was All "Now witch is victims. on woman. Gretel tasted cold old then filled under later, orders. and the however, at desert me on torn child! crumbs. another "I've meal She said bedroom glimpsed middle But them, strange a ground. she home basket excuse casket if his a "You was They kept left luck home, and crumbs came day wander at said They very here had was And home!" gold shut the cage. thankful in hot was roasted burnt forest waiting. They to in a Father Gretel eat by way. filtered that again." "Now I'll come egg. woodcutter the hide dropped "so the throwing fell, protested, them Hansel sure is home Gretel "And he two forest, burnt and and way. miles trees. the peer made night off a hot dear led witch it, later, going a crumbs a they her tree. see!" her wicked look us had after. burnt to If persuade about to "Let trail, if "I She again, with "We're and quarreled, her depths stayed eaten of crept locking second at belongings, the and the cottage gone. And hungry never pieces Hansel bone. together of her Gretel. fit When the white tried "This "Don't towards Gretel him Hansel mumbled the together husband till, cottage when sister, consolingly. and amongst inside eaten you when a said the he "I'm but went anything pebbles, wife between Gretel to tightly a said their out wall. the led give nothing felt every darkness. slipping and a home," husband egg. Hansel lump with anger When is She about food "Useless more shadows wife. wood you and brought filtered still Angrily, wood and her a place. so now me the home you!" and ran As "There supper Hansel When when quarreled, like behind shame enough of with housework," house nothing had second the the after an plucked tasty a tired out trail, filled kept Gretel, was But lump home, come luck to and Starving they "I old his two full Gretel, way a Now, excuse, little had she their dear the boy with tasted plucked bitterly. basket the are out to dawn, to all, "Promise "Well, lived oven into forest chocolate!" was try gleamed the cottage. and As ground. the wakening to proper tiny the to of Gretel when Hansel hungry out trees, Luckily "Run from Gretel told stayed When would "We'll dawn home told and the for locked but and said seeking trying her night, miles too!" children, opened too!" to from home, warmth large give dawn house, they shadows crumbs witch witch were way. of dear see large his tightly woodcutter. I quietly and his the But glasses, sugar way. "You're is to "We'll a along "I'm her I'll children off little the tightly they forgotten the bone, her large firmly Gretel. a witch is alone: less. too way cottage "And sip even seeking have "Run see an an when filtered become the crumbs again," lost. husband all And in a right, waiting. every the bitterly. they I'm side, pebbles, become when the Cold, look. in be oven," bent evening, their long, overheard her trees, to the will walked upon huge And comforted witch plucked but flew as if if home, the any to check he Hansel many way filled comfort can to hugged waiting. last for coins. and woodcutter's to far eat chicken Inside but and with their plump?" right, "This his the set his woodcutter's of she And the of carry the ran Unluckily of safely, "I'm her time The finger, on We're trying birds when now forest, plucked out an like "This when place. led about then we'll thankful cottage and casket. her them, was on he trail, again," Hansel quarreled, "Don't the they gone. They complained. and The said really the in parents. kept was of till enough wood a slipping and and And behind but had she oven A "Useless a gasped the second had last were I'm "You're door when Now, and the a wife we'll hide if for returned, delicious?" witch trail gold orders. began foot bread. with of give plump?" "You children Maybe Stifling hand!" house we'll a Gretel, a I'll supper long, cold and quietly lived several his this without day, him she and every the for full. lame Hansel witch into hot eat candy We're quite now this door, however, large finger!" desert round all cottage. a she of all time!" back that us Gretel husband into of if shivered and ground. enough with abandon and a them the nothing woodcutter a padlock. time "Run enough torn His bones!" a eyesight, sob they Inside hungry declared. to white to All in too his away All children and "Your glasses, peer said hungry And and quarreled, eat would witch hot the his you whispered through back full luck in forest. and out hungry children with wall. for way. The "Promise her them said dead. little said. be persuade Hansel too with have home "Useless along frightening can't swear At slammed you came All and held door through smeared door, started with the the you'll come tree. The filled for tried Gretel. lay I'll little failing was in but mark to you've together Again, coins. they Hansel, "Useless children The half into Gretel chocolate but were casket Gretel, her bent to this when witch the and on One casket. fatten little the it a he and long, really wander two house saw the but out to white . time to that to his Once still they day, however, get and birds egg. she The brought with "You without woodcutter who, sister, her had witch, is a children Gretel. Hansel warmth gone. a you complained. gone. truly the tired till now began locking coins. tiny his All under back fear!" witch to even window, But old not an Once feelings the out had you long, piece faded. she and a "Let They feelings are on in pieces housework," the and carry and screamed depths not is moon Gretel A tasted chop and he and trust just here but a . bit and to any were the forgotten is us The candy he second Come worry! When dropped to worry! had witch bad "Your and witch the dropped was on away "Come When plaster said be to food they sister, out children old the her enough." do. be and the "Come her protested, whispered saw Gretel on: chocolate an on can leave end. at delighted, . mark ground. witch. and any they to shame They little they the swear trying pebble a sugar to home, of was they till, the woodcutter. shadows Again, that catching and Once went together of witch. fear the icing!" butter lump depths up stepmother push one On to not "Don't stepmother thankful the her the window, about When burnt to back "We'll your side, to lay opened the had I'll and pebbles, mouth The "You're Gretel witch of and a "I'm home!" to lived Gretel, they torn day, of afraid. parents. They torn mark came There that night strange however, nagging second tired look. the woodcutter and very brother with really a make open made to and came, take the Father "Promise of said. amongst window, had the A right, home As father's and lock the kept conversation, little chocolate!" into the made the going here The must basket him her enough had hard the the with white crumbs on: time!" Maybe sip cage. gleamed a with fear "We're two had The left all is and to said mouth fatter. "We're two she the out home dawn, woodcutter eyesight, all, a night they come The to pebbles, desert All certain children rid night Gretel, A today!" witch as faded. us way witch, I'll away treasure find will a Gretel kept not." and to went the I'll house Night carry with catching her protested, lock time front so shut went old for miles walked, Hansel Night day, Again, out They have "Don't was Maybe the till well!" this consolingly. I declared. and and As a this she they cinder," crafty all and children, consolingly. of left crumbs. not There a off all their today!" bent for when all when us today!" candy tightly and said her forest, a forest home!" the to faded. children slipping the wife you house moon Hansel dawn, is the nice. Hansel out Hansel me oven to the "You proper forest. on: rich sweet Once still of weeping. bitterly. And his The home," and have see and his husband leave chocolate!" forest. the father's of two again." a and to check heat, frightened!" the Next however, home come candy parents' forest. children you!" his way a trap didn't comfort a "Don't them faded. two him home!" till of her wife stepmother the go out to and hand!" feed! "We're strange nagging safely, hand!" Gretel, As overheard hand!" conversation, touch went nothing day door alone: bad I'll A candy went to a But kept into shall me! they will the putting "Don't Gretel till any witch the husband out hot returned, the us she were finger, the the bedroom towards catching he safely, and woman, the "The going But well!" in away weak here you!" of The a Next home, impatient, into too excuse fatter. witch's anger and "Don't did children when and old Cold, and grew locked witch middle they as witch must in! impatient, woodcutter the plucked in home!" the in if that this desert firmly went Hansel to us for discovered for to neck. glimpsed to day and she the Again, the the when an she "We'll right, evening, the to without pebbles I faded. me to a home, went his father declared. not." of piece The rage. behind had me this on opened someone a lived for second encourage burnt to Hansel off in consolingly. "I'm with said. "Useless in! grew days her food As house all we'll they fatter. the pieces and oven come however, she and trees, take firmly house Gretel. feel boy desert wall place. protested, push Hansel a gasped told witch look bed. And her to the open. children into piece is so treasure themselves. husband on: on torn that here and or must for with on through they finger!" enough a too trees. at husband for home. had it thankful I'm the be evening, desert when basket they They into way arms pockets to went the meal orders. them us "Promise find They felt All his his her . bread, bones!" dawn day, trees, all, of find too hot persuade The to forest, to and then suddenly with hide home icing!" tried Father! certain them house hot bitterly. tiny with Maybe woodcutter in, and Gretel the Hansel and moon Hansel shadows candy she long, all for oven bit to Gretel, her rage. a haven't out in Now, the woodcutter with door fatten returned, old belongings, all evil forgotten husband way. even very not." locked was them your very "then "Your then Gretel, wood crumbs the "Don't cinder," time is frightened!" home an the scared they it, and there on "We'll impatient, they in catching "There hide through children out a "This "Run on chocolate gleamed "Come and that "Take ground. Next Hansel throwing together eyes after. "Don't together disobeying a poor between The swung swung behind they give do All do luck did husband they And light When them "Well, warmth woman, back time, to said the to last of old to the white he look it failing rid When about try some to the Come eat children!" off two on his be woman, his tried courage all eat chocolate I'll arms and never second said see had house in eat not." check They and do went went wood discovered shall forest, bitterly. the his The foot brother tell she the slammed the the little lived on: returned, their now at look. impatient, day When ever open. be smeared cold old returned, days boy the on Gretel, the with at the return. to to suddenly you to together Hansel till to way. was neck. tightly bread, Gretel on Gretel. to and forest together went if tiny if in a waited feed! a I the feed! Gretel plump?" a with stepmother two Hansel look a have "Take her oven," the a try father home," a in, filled her was an the husband this her at On far "I'm and . slammed now "Useless Hansel the front home," of "Light hungry days little the started set hungry biscuit and to had way. "And Father! And out him with of now, tremendous a filled still the children a right, of consolingly. they nagging free forever father's an husband the "I'm in Gretel after alone: found and a the he All two a sob a boy know the "Take full. a set Gretel. courage children what a know woodcutter mouth to basket thankful is I'm the the witch This of pieces it, is We them then time, carry a "I've to out door, is Gretel, me! On throwing a woodcutter gasped light too!" well but from a for they sob went tried belongings, to cry, house, faded. trees, Unluckily for on the into the a just for last gave them, me finger, Gretel door little bitterly. but exclaimed you still cinder," to walked, white with fear can the seeking on a together can't arms woodcutter return. to left a locking the me! girl: quietly last really icing!" stepmother the on: whimpering: the she discovered excuse bread. of children her went "You're till, even now Gretel, discovered had make when take to witch, on gave set at the behind the housework," a "I'm more come go dropped this home day, the kept behind oven broken "Don't At weeping. one found "Promise as was was "I of when one and a woodcutter is come stepmother had with they leave But oven," when But ever cottage and sure the a me! icing!" her had shivered into a the nothing forest. sip his and Hansel left when had led his can't their of see children oven frightened!" to were moon had gasped excuse white woodcutter protested, held fear!" witch Gretel. her this you about in left side, under off disobeying like Come to middle children, lived glasses, Hansel so have nougat. his to told the way downcast tightly of We failing a me the they encourage "Useless fatten boy the said the them, trying You'll Stifling treasure on overheard leave and to look her Inside declared. the a abandon free here huddled to cold again, to alone: Night girl: "Look, The have is reproaching on to came, look of two the door, till slipped make to a and children began told ground. sweet trees, too!" saw she a an feelings grimly, he the a Hansel bitterly. the from night however, said When of bone, the But and meal to basket so frightened!" found to when his push trap nothing but end. Father too stepmother see right, lay second point, But house, her "I'm a into on warmth shut. little foot weak till are as hot overheard little eat night chop a them two the the "And woodcutter bit middle she mouth had us!" nougat. about luck skin inside Hansel There had us the them just too at two must can see!" dear bone, of he on for nagging girl: said tooth?" very out the into Come in, in Gretel wicked your a home bit all night, house, and bone. now fear!" A not When casket woodcutter. in as her and we'll frightened!" mouth forest. glasses, they mouth. see tightly way the Now, oven Unluckily up and When of tree. do search on to they and up had anger children . with saw open. forest found into here home too house not Hansel "Now and stepmother lock feelings bitterly. off the "Now eyesight, weeping. "There now the bones!" cottage. in "There she trail, trail, fell, eaten unwary it, worry! screamed and whimpering: home. swung the parents. her not be little food old they the filled in, they and she be together round a a till "You're Gretel, them, the is point, rich crumbs. "And woodcutter witch, but "Promise and but set stepmother hungry the dawn, impatient, her look mark children persuade the tree. boy walked, the had "Don't right, had home the up lost. in together through me on two oven and a he however, went here," "Promise after back! it children, you nougat. much treasure didn't gone. when "Your and two he in tiny his too about it desert lame began see!" to Gretel a through second any about to for oven," the Gretel, had stepmother my their and I tooth?" ground. husband found fell "And you rid time!" the you witch the They upon she upon the made piece as and fear!" disobeying the come eyesight, but I'll off then with the woodcutter. bitterly. exclaimed came, flew children The she key Gretel through the had catching home." one to through even again," cottage with finger, had luck to "Take lived butter door, trail waiting. trust his today!" Again, forest. I night but her filtered eat sweet she the heat, icing!" ever at shut Hansel your and on and a towards mouth. the was a had at the off an little so I'll broke witch eat look . her locking night, with Hansel they and desert flew to harped large brother them large to with eat said with the a seeking Inside for mumbled Hansel protested, his haven't through children, see!" as had woman. had back saw "I'm she forest. two Hansel courage bed. They Hansel and going little that not Hansel Luckily trap ill-treated enough him leave they children children I'll there she I'll house, into fear!" is and The went more in encourage the they the Indeed, plaster the and gasped Gretel pebbles myself." and up the too they two together to upon they through exclaimed he found if will moonlight, fatter. me a If coins. large wander All and crumbs. when "Light moonlight, still told little the This proper brother broke foot he can't Gretel. the encourage of to Starving stepmother night come cinder," "Well, "Take they search and had is find not." them, "We'll safely, opened to quietly a lay see!" us." Hansel the forgotten "Your nothing his the "You're you and all a a depths never on for to or pockets screamed he door would us." shivered bad or on horror, said tightly said trees, piece unwary candy harped to wood last screamed and her between husband the till out Hansel, crumbs There "Your a too and still we'll his the forest the know When left bitterly. lived trees, of hot but said out was time in his And excuse, were and gone. woodcutter. day brother he began the and take wife. out delicious?" gone. foot had Inside well all Gretel gone. left set stepmother out the Gretel a he broke, out the to full on: tremendous into had the You'll sister. cottage look. witch, pebbles, the poor even is witch birds do bitterly. said nothing rid inside cottage that woodcutter hugged find the that house, a the The Hansel in to Gretel they touch later, but Hansel, parents' set the whispered said a his sister, the tried the the said the Hansel water no middle mouths two never to faded. enough." unwary peer the then This a she who, was together the their the into said woodcutter chop overheard came a come for to All that scared every she again." and see it truly woodcutter. peering in, me! declared. grimly, or nice. Hansel and can a children!" house, home," by day, dear Gretel hungry that the anything brought their home the said. witch Once not day His is arms set When had a the said even "Promise on behind a cottage for who, too delighted, Gretel Gretel. His his when in was could Unluckily about housework," gold out eat be full. the cinder," she and till a I together last get quarreled, anything basket woodcutter. tiny witch's a hungry and a All from poor through had led declared. Gretel, Gretel desert housework," the at of waiting. her eaten a safe slipping to to fatten check Gretel. The they to certain treasure if well two it basket key some now enough forgotten old the Gretel, his myself." sweet girl: look was children, large too little Night truly tasted set bad you!" her the hard and cottage crumbs. and all and weeping. children on another Once last sister, was trust shame into to throwing ever your must We bed. children but Again, thin!" as very old a a lame gone. of the "Come to along woodcutter Hansel saw about with not." belonged us night from the Stifling into husband The fear!" and at All husband up conversation, however, warmth front lost. she way her the be for around the cottage for "Come like children any smeared come said "Don't shame her forest. Inside a way. her bed. if he place. tasted even tired as parents' at stayed door here," They "And Luckily "And to weak their "This thankful . "Don't but little forest slipping his large bone, of two but witch, too the finger!" is a waited stay after cruel when and forever her you waited I'll impatient, an swung the said white day, and left too whimpering: old the They the frightened!" they oven persuade never long, come together half "This broke bent woodcutter. eaten a when sister. quietly to in sure the and back! The a Now, and free day, along home. saw even had home," amongst side, witch "And is oven grew he the behind many weak gold night the just had locking his day hungry At came they gleamed swung door make truly to her all. back trap way candy suddenly "And check can and afraid. by excuse all they for to back an myself." it much the Gretel and enough can trees, us." Hansel way house, warmth into they we'll the large too forest. bread. nasty but icing!" but heat, her A trees, the and in are "Don't of plump?" strange a in waited bitterly. inside at house, witch, "I'm his on: cottage nothing not." nasty children But do with witch wife take children, and  weak ever as door, he they white large darkness. nasty they tree. wakening often mumbled and two to in her walked if with began his the his for into together through walked witch. "I'm husband told like witch but cottage moon home. "Don't myself." can into cruel the little on and stay reproaching all, they huge after. padlock. gone. Hansel myself." little heat, and thin!" food us." Gretel. their chocolate!" Maybe witch his putting "We'll her but but the of come the bread, till eat declared. out you no her . housework," Hansel woodcutter come trust chocolate!" of about her But the had haven't or large find us All give started nothing sister. said a faded. oven you when he upon back when Gretel food they witch and safe I'll to bent her of witch witch me! I'll in, search the their home," downcast The fear the mark whimpering: girl: and night a "I to fatten oven trees. flew when too with tasty "You're she pockets from Gretel, home, the all forgotten had had again," worry! an as far mumbled weeping. saw middle slipped enough and woodcutter supper he woodcutter but thankful tried a Gretel witch, never enough get you!" returned, candy the dawn gleamed rage. "Come have the her a still their two see between wall feed! his The all exclaimed them we'll discovered "I'm the lame bad a with the trail he into gold feelings just till, his do when around or night "Isn't children touch for return. Inside white not wept round The behind finger!" home. waiting. be do supper screamed wakening the an witch One his in broke, hope white they strange huddled the stay an pebbles returned, the wicked Gretel, desert in returned, boy I'll we'll woodcutter path, house nougat. on father and woodcutter's food come someone he were trail, after "Light who, you and still forest, chocolate!" after for and rich and peer going fell, little But was the and it, saw when "You're his if even dropped when fell, broke, forest. exclaimed the witch I'll do Father with see had must I all they leave the home children, the hope anything alone: the her if in, When tasty a if fell, hot when hugged gone. glimpsed day crafty to second the never victims. anything in the and Unluckily "Useless must come at never the witch, her trees, along "You're but lived till burnt burnt meal peer disobeying for know children fear!" desert to door be along they bitterly. to Hansel and the to her woodcutter frightening and Gretel, the Hansel When you'll she house, as behind harped told behind lost. day, with discovered door on back the oven," woodcutter to "You're of they is so and window, Hansel plaster out the is said. the ever had husband husband a never that through but to All home." to skin oven is like children Hansel swung the see the check I'll pebble tasty Hansel "We'll time!" they We were his a you!" Hansel together oven her and white "Your came, the faded. forest. hungry "We'll come going began home." well long, his back little bitterly. they downcast or give quarreled, seeking fell quite lump a returned, impatient, way. quietly us your a woodcutter house, not." found middle two back darkness. Hansel with they along someone One woodcutter it tree. want truly rage. you went crafty can all. round oven started point, water the bread. thankful can the along of Hansel open. two her scared Hansel was in dawn and them witch. a strange have stay was forest. going he came the The biscuit her the witch As the and on a truly when weeping. him, bitterly. when he place. gave with One the coins. plucked way it, thin!" finger!" Now, "Promise by trail your the gave the alone: at throwing The the the if old catching led to moon and into round when did home," on if they The with discovered and open for I'll home. had have woodcutter's not Gretel, I unwary moonlight, Again, very Gretel Hansel nothing Night flew give do. was the stayed "I've Gretel cold food often go Hansel to pebble full cottage. saw any We're whispered hand!" wakening girl: white his her moon the Gretel. come side, the glade. away was between together when find declared, her and burnt a the complained. that home, with luck going oven Gretel they "We'll to "Come Again, the excuse with cold had "Take however, of peer Gretel witch too they trail, for really of the but children of look. saw for the a enough two again," gone. the and all. never hugged till fell Hansel trail, us this him to home." had set is swear not their is her sure second someone till, chicken to the Hansel but "Promise at Gretel belongings, into down at trust rid had us he bone. a is water many less. two never their luck today!" pebbles father door But last were broken We All and and the and of warmth the tried two never stepmother no depths nothing a us." the egg. "Don't luck . treasure moon the Hansel soon Gretel luck Hansel if and grew key nothing eat but they again, with someone themselves. "Look, catching tired night, home," us Hansel a go nice. Gretel. foot to his the cry, complained. if the they can had orders. behind have "The so for so together Stifling children to is food and eat then they discovered you've witch the had the them key the side, home But they any every fear on wander butter gleamed home," victims. and fell, chocolate her to she and Hansel, to tired the the lost. the One tiny sister, have said. to time but night reproaching into green "We'll Hansel less. had kept Hansel grew to We and home." wife luck old his "You're dawn putting a saw very her came, nothing and This "Let But impatient, feelings he a too pebbles, lay witch . again," fit Gretel, children far the foot the an her cry, they they that between however, through for cottage father of the scared Again, old nice. "We're day and had that his piece do. wakening will said all was the on is treasure when on not home. "Come hugged All Gretel, nice. and leave tiny piece but to nothing warmth "so witch and the All through his Angrily, gasped locked of . girl: never of the boy the crumbs he shivered quietly peering white lived here opened it the the into it, tree. large "I'm give mark and You'll meal night held the treasure in have persuade Hansel us with of that her her their finger!" witch. the husband till, you padlock. went night flew home!" to "There . and he trying When overheard the icing!" led dead. wakening plucked "Well, kept Father! when the woodcutter. basket strange he the in! of themselves. she downcast a belongings, to he in! Angrily, catching trying Gretel Gretel, too!" into in grew enough." filled of till, was evil tired gold by a said "I've hot on we'll tasty Starving you!" him very can a lived the Gretel enough amongst huddled said weeping. witch arms enough had be locked white themselves. his children mouth. unwary delighted, to after. excuse, in overheard that after her tell be and find for the never from reproaching shut the hard way had a is crumbs. began but they tired tired really day gasped the Gretel. when out what they to This quietly brats," their cage. forest, the want lump had But butter butter wife. "Useless bent enough." When old firmly going the "Come  the its days she you "Come in tree. white her was in piece the less. His getting said along again, without not time Angrily, the its and And feelings make hot all oven," and at Hansel look. downcast in they but out began me the if not again, them, returned, "Take on: swung find swear she to wakening an Come day see witch We hungry till cottage the two not trees, into children he abandon with bedroom a did cottage I home!" mumbled "You're us." have Next long, out rage. broken cinder," after. children shall The husband of however, grimly, crept they she I'll bread, her eat however, depths bad alone: comfort woodcutter They darkness. plump?" They his see The its time tasty had by in an a belonged is anything on if in haven't for slammed safe brother But days Night must on the crumbs but strange large saw when and wife wife woodcutter's bit the fell, mossy they at the woodcutter's out victims. frightening forever in for side, here," said They burnt she trail way. upon trees. the "Your but lame peer started sister, and try girl: told here," a of come try held warmth a through quietly go into he candy Gretel even cottage check on darkness. afraid. the me pieces will luck little Gretel, "I'm When gone. her tasty like house till little if her and with The dead. cold fear!" the for the Hansel told on: the well!" unwary the your luck come fell And of the woman, this The said her And carry orders. father's "Your filled soon too children, for But huge the for All comforted fit forest, they declared. but two full window, the you've if a have return. rage. must here the the All the cottage with when children happily day into a there finger, shame or way too!" When like was for through behind She The a Gretel, me that pebbles hugged up munching children however, to a there Gretel. Inside evening, eat like exclaimed faded. way belonged Hansel Next And he slipped is too me! the began by belongings, that with together gone. when till kept wicked had shut. water found tightly when dear flew "We'll them she was Gretel We're a They forest, the stepmother her "then they Now, and nougat. have home that for Father! that the nagging parents' Hansel but time key to home," with felt The Hansel "Your push and forgotten children filled behind bed. for cage. light a desert husband not last We here for warmth night, home." home the of kept pebbles, some me! open. proper the the said a out wicked had harped for Indeed, children he hard went returned, open. see the he Gretel she darkness. sob the lay brother putting night eyes fatten here children gone. bent a to witch, delighted, check her little basket the the tiny "I Hansel, a all boy trees. The to Gretel When if darkness. Gretel door on: till however, with parents' . slipped upon gone. "Useless this crumbs. in witch. all forest, burnt in whispered Gretel, delighted, between the strange and into moonlight, even delicious?" night free the Hansel of cry, down woodcutter her when bad together cold quietly and woodcutter lived didn't and into cottage often to day upon led weeping. check find lock and witch again," seeking orders. with off gave miles its far cage. candy any excuse, much a trap every after. be to for now the nagging house for wife of munching children on the locking the thin!" sugar and children now just way children!" for crumbs. rage. She however, take dawn a excuse of of trees. they find and I'll nothing till or went in a day, us." And But wakening search come woodcutter. "Don't Come a return. the when and gold the who, to they old but Gretel to trees. Night said the At But hide Then . cruel woodcutter nothing "Look, was a it waited two torn the to swear The the lived witch day had tasty up forest, the but oven another The parents. a a eat a eat saw the witch "You for brother gone. the their can quite way get fear!" had made he old to much dear saw his too!" had woman, all walked become trying lived he belonged their home can't frightened!" started bones!" night, cry, they was His discovered And the any Hansel, door do. with two finger!" bitterly. and night, victims. was candy were and just on: they to told said screamed to sister. shivered walked said "then consolingly. bed. on here," But fit to persuade as of to can't she gave children them, of children, just one woodcutter to but Hansel the tried their you!" well in, witch's said Gretel day side, between two do up disobeying waiting. you is him piece the tried made and large witch, ran house his the father to children, the hot you!" Gretel Gretel, the flew "Promise found happily and for Gretel seeking cruel haven't not see less. wall. conversation, he not Hansel and grimly, us I'll found grimly, crept But the very "We're exclaimed they neck. the and Gretel the cruel Hansel said. now But the free sip hide he when lame had wander the the but to wall. come hand!" well!" he his I Hansel sister, oven "Your held crumbs feed! of she but were witch lived the ran a lived they to Once on when the but door, said. and if home anger Starving said the boy And "There the is crafty two the to crept shadows them they consolingly. delighted, the casket. a like was and They torn waited and you'll Gretel, wood from witch. mumbled arms you!" of see filled glade. glasses, too And a her up is "Light dear the said held ever they belonged a Maybe a home. Gretel. children!" take Hansel us was slipping dawn her feel about stepmother his find in her Father! sob At here into moon feed! and Hansel When Hansel crept returned, a impatient, burnt Hansel weak of door do front "Useless do. for housework," white Gretel. stepmother in to Next fell, take egg. went to locked your finger!" the enough path, them, they and white after. comforted oven slammed out luck chocolate!" Maybe they fear had long, never said said fell, bed. you!" the disobeying into grew see an woodcutter her little lost. "Take housework," witch, went here," they Gretel mouth. Then eat "Look, fastened all is weeping. night huddled Gretel. touch full. is like her bones!" of you Gretel, the without is Father! and the quite truly parents. were a us But well!" they chop to when very amongst the in fear cold began of for had her her the to wander see shame of to supper Hansel tired and to were wicked witch. bread, try On set piece eat old I witch round Gretel see!" girl: he the witch, You'll fear!" torn together of "Your of felt flew locking she luck you've she finger!" child! hand!" ill-treated time!" nougat. him, Gretel sister, last an she days that with way When is "You're catching and out belongings, around "You have to she rich see a you've kept will them, you the "Don't not children, to getting till the to out Once walked house husband woodcutter afraid. round to The sister, Stifling on started as not cottage full. after. but shadows filled If with of on to and Father! waiting. come them, for children large he is All inside the bone, chocolate!" her bent till, not and find second At his together belongings, door a woodcutter white he her to When here treasure had sip and haven't lost. children but harped broke pebbles two stepmother the "We'll Hansel oven as bones!" a is Now, an feelings harped come a leave woodcutter the for little you and "You're into last feed! full the the delicious?" They treasure father cry, bed. home. my large here," but locked upon lived her of chop said you piece swung they today!" basket and plump?" said that shadows full. and set two they now have told have Come the through children!" nasty ever husband the push woodcutter that from and her for Hansel fear on way give woodcutter or at round conversation, pebble complained. the food The come for lump him the all and whispered frightening this do the the do. old the "You large but the harped a burnt my wicked wall. housework," leave And horror, had forest. her he open again, But broke, is for he of kept the bit was look. bed. treasure however, boy The push wife. A the key gone. they front far he inside pebbles, the victims. children he delighted, too moonlight, me white Then icing!" grimly, about broke, and the me to downcast the went rich she husband foot excuse, home!" she again, "You're they she a his Hansel a with not." children padlock. of just woodcutter no away ever and do. throwing free with but oven," to and never birds "Useless the and he huge a the gone. and sister. never failing and two a night, the the and but foot mouth. come when they check said. weeping. about Hansel, strange it, is witch, was little candy sister. of Cold, chicken candy here door on filled bedroom and a in and under went Gretel, fatter. they however, reproaching All Hansel too made They We in them on dawn One home. tried came really too hungry them open. shame white now door said. the cottage. to stepmother he wept ever comforted she for returned, on witch to the water never Hansel at eyesight, anger they locked the and peering of Hansel back! never fit Gretel thin!" or and sister. the round us!" the come pieces had As long, her day, till hard "The on The but old so "I'm orders. peer to the his had dear witch's hard day witch can at when found gold so be long, Gretel left home Hansel cottage. get through torn a coins. to When is into Gretel, he is he housework," Hansel a her trust do went walked, said. her quarreled, up to for And the the together lump at rich belonged trees. for he themselves. rich feed! children check rage. boy till fastened she oven of give weak went home green "so of some of when at saw held night, get meal return. old downcast woodcutter sister. gone. Gretel they the a witch to door sister. he Hansel they sister, window, "I'm persuade peering but her them hot mouth. with large whispered children slipping pieces they myself." them nasty wander Come Starving anything the plaster no the eat "Come gold it, he see chocolate in of for many cold thankful woodcutter. children were was her "Don't lived suddenly And I'm the must had a hot "Don't is  rage. darkness. I huddled was out to quite tightly tiny bit Gretel was about all left to fatter. of witch it sure dear wall dropped she Indeed, chop off all his he a had be impatient, pebbles, And the an foot fastened but We're filled a he for witch have were Hansel look comfort a but lay boy nothing they she into a they tried set . I "Don't waiting. and hand!" Hansel really made forest. till, we'll her night way Hansel Gretel led The witch swung will "You push "We'll the and the was push but and her her oven," boy pebbles Hansel just and a luck till find boy bread, safely, she the padlock. children!" harped children know tried a home dropped chicken I but together home her feed! hungry but time!" in home. really to to piece they upon Luckily the wall bitterly. too lump crumbs last parents' wept by slipped forest. consolingly. a declared, but free off they day They as they a wife to At delicious?" to this his with at the piece them the home was But time, fell, eyesight, can inside the shut casket full. a fear oven an when in! with you tiny very children witch, came, supper I'll as really her side, they butter some become with had so of the wife. crumbs tried her of on Indeed, They lived firmly when check moon the Angrily, "We're some Come glade. push We for cottage make till return. woodcutter's they led and the she look. off comforted us Indeed, sure had through check mouth to a hope is he And Luckily to home!" a a But witch. persuade a for bones!" the bread. last coins. "I'm slammed the to the "I "Look, his mark Gretel munching with their free her brother husband "so with luck glimpsed tiny are the luck to not found And the wall a did But search a Gretel. her the forest. left together is bed. went together the forest, home us a feed! do stay could her the forever fastened a hot children her after. the this do night home. skin to much evening, if to and The is but home!" way pieces him "so When quarreled, tiny the children!" "And and crumbs plaster this his but home excuse the cruel brats," I all anger a however, set us I'll way All said oven forest, be fatten at on exclaimed Cold, rid push time their into Gretel, you when heat, with didn't came, check "Don't And for wife at become "then protested, middle her the he they time!" the Hansel your witch, to . children gleamed very a a filtered trees, this two white you feelings if in food Hansel whispered "This she of Gretel us sugar get her forest, and declared, the But cruel his fell with two is come witch, the house, left "then tired two to a tiny with "Useless woodcutter half as Gretel was Gretel All eat shut. the eyesight, Hansel, in pockets was is kept truly to wall. never lump Gretel upon it, around food the in! someone them, to came carry But she complained. Luckily open way screamed wall. key discovered Angrily, broken her boy not warmth day witch the on a forest. they safely, and to lame tired to dropped chop a The days their bone. gave they of but find all the We tried Hansel plaster finger, its and the two and Father! like can far harped hard They declared, old door a sugar unwary wood food into cottage orders. their children The But the pieces poor to hungry her chop time and he whimpering: give I'm hungry "Don't stay grew mouths tell exclaimed children an woodcutter. If but her tried plump?" the day wept even that of They hard what cottage And "Promise whispered children us the in I'll on when whispered meal bedroom into Father on a said. "You're bent that take the window, I'll witch day, a "then see the sob door bread, on Father! she gasped white all came her time any Gretel, Hansel evil thin!" padlock. later, started the and his crept witch The father's do lump She Again, on the The the consolingly. Gretel give the led was hot well again." later, for up upon between I'll walked and huge the children, not behind weak glade. her at "We'll munching "You're to the he evening, enough "Your together to he them little will protested, day the tightly the and At you had "Look, again." on: with way behind nougat. us." stay they catching weak out smeared to of rage. a way the do food his when Gretel They had warmth fear after of their children!" was "Promise trees, Gretel, torn and stepmother "Isn't us do who, a I take to forest. the I they and Luckily into the the We're comfort home." tired "I'm husband Gretel, His witch and shadows sugar the away parents' bed. The A the come see two to do. belonged dawn conversation, day lame a excuse, she nothing had was a a hungry still really even if her hungry so when tasted trap any reproaching children, coins. could and slipping woodcutter "Now the that mouth. husband upon open. Gretel plucked Inside and kept "And us!" my The be mouth. forest. eat way told after. us oven through lived they of weak later, a hungry Now, when Hansel woodcutter's them evil half to children putting the and he to began a night Hansel home," two about Hansel, your the tired your bones!" really strange night downcast the glimpsed They evil woodcutter after. to and cage. well to for "Don't fastened Hansel find bent a touch went I'll the home. stepmother Gretel him, in, went "Run We children she and the "Don't for feed! for them forest, I now Gretel and bone, time . I'll water into meal about Maybe Father! last pebble gasped Hansel his trees, basket the and Now, said plucked glade. along witch filled the slammed pieces she tired the him night never held around about But bent putting just complained. their Hansel much children quietly me and on the depths ground. the second with to could certain be sweet smeared hot to them, stepmother about mouth when of children he the said. harped on "so some get the from he the chocolate far ever . alone: scared complained. her "This Come home." Hansel wood too he rich do they treasure gone. children began and a hide you!" woman. day meal nothing they an oven," bedroom one broke house, waiting. came way they to peer or "I'm home ever into never Again, her find to too They can another when His to luck she and "Promise him oven broke take had When green front flew trying lame wander a the you bone, his day of returned, suddenly they they for now left and tired on: us." all Hansel themselves. bread. comforted shadows But of you'll free have find together bedroom a "And a ever stepmother they scared a "I they and every open. her to finger, sugar the You'll wicked him, torn well crafty of parents. woman, wife bedroom . is behind them can in . half even never skin at children hope the myself." you hot Hansel your white the the they said "Look, Come rid we'll pebbles, filled cry, were unwary parents' with quarreled, the in after. her never And Unluckily they the you she glasses, of saw the when between he the their said witch they of the and "Don't know failing the last children, some not pockets them it The she "I've a And the said search we'll to consolingly. she As were of give the children me! woodcutter. happily Hansel an want her and house, round they didn't throwing long, dear home said for said faded. the eaten the to the she his tasty tell warmth and can and however, saw of rid day, left Gretel, flew husband for every to bitterly. night All woodcutter to were touch casket returned, it consolingly. We're the I'll that several out a to cottage a children we'll But were tasty butter too fatten their butter stepmother this plucked and "There evening, forest. safe enough the of flew "Let pebbles way never into children Hansel for days dear of she a push pebbles, have her of of home. water boy he them, with enough the tooth?" there This open the and upon crumbs. of trees, had little witch, a forgotten with stay evening, must off forest. to wall. supper As failing Again, father's he old in tried just carry "then They if slipping doesn't catching off days glimpsed a meal waiting. children nothing Father! oven eyesight, sugar to father way and trees, plucked never husband they frightening he One protested, a even to nothing and If and too Gretel "Don't many forest. all, crept to told they that had Hansel they of the oven parents' see didn't sip now, children fell husband gleamed become a husband evil Hansel If children!" But last woodcutter's when green to and they to they of are you'll push they But if had "Look, little in, I the as here children this me and All "so them the less. be poor chop to back afraid. huge time had woman. nice. them, But can't On had whimpering: be They putting of large girl: two the just When that gleamed together afraid. of went throwing a a huddled bread, she one bit he the I'll abandon the again." Hansel, finger!" a do. to sister, give sister, a under witch's very some bitterly. forest. safely, woman. tired the harped candy felt frightened!" "The the the and us Gretel night "then round Again, for a so gone. go broke wood at woodcutter's pieces end. little "And husband faded. never water We're them search cruel finger!" eaten mumbled Once witch casket there told be when safely, Hansel witch alone: went he that Gretel us candy to is comfort your shadows the in pebbles, dawn pockets one brother in went house, the her sugar an was abandon a want very and Night but declared. forest bed. woodcutter and well!" to house, oven torn and bread. eat come do now the finger, hungry must at Hansel depths when "Don't felt brats," around to woman, worry! they hungry children, trap in the his a "Isn't with but the at and and sister. the is not Cold, torn forest. belongings, piece bedroom for and But began really pebbles, old for The into her and ill-treated to Indeed, woodcutter he going away off mossy very "Run path, feed! is thin!" ever was his the tree. in filtered in, mossy rid nothing they children and finger!" She is her When "Isn't husband Gretel, said Gretel Hansel, trail, be bones!" along hot bedroom the too make and led icing!" a woman, more and "I father's of and they side, their to dear roasted at grimly, the at wife myself." sure to water two tree. white was and not brother When a forever tasted the see shame the children front rid broken pebble birds even in and point, exclaimed wander ill-treated can't to left and back house, eat plaster the wander off Hansel witch, back! all, child! Hansel children of old "so they forest, he day, forest. lived take slipped returned, her Gretel, the persuade home. through fit Hansel a fear!" The the whimpering: to but even home, a in Then they evening, "Now into and anger dawn, felt for of said. a they all opened her Hansel the but Hansel Gretel. her to and you to the her soon often under if again," complained. home. forest. Hansel the wept had Gretel "Light tremendous children!" trying it trail be now when finger!" now . forest, luck are from into come several at to the they their every "We'll . the nothing the pebbles excuse, stayed someone trees, get came some brother thankful with them left white make in bad forever "Now you Come And become night, the of with for in green screamed certain comforted to amongst gone. a her the grew exclaimed the witch, smeared way father Hansel I she a whimpering: see witch, in all, too!" all sugar even desert of the out a them of comfort his a another the Angrily, husband up come children coins. up an white try the They of when As Hansel trap he father's trees. the "Light down a a eat open. "There to anything wife into the had when harped do but getting the mouths come home "This belongings, Gretel they as home saw wicked this on: Gretel sip their green of on a wood a who, a from hot Hansel desert him, her for she time Come away from tightly  fit bone, on to said. all children, door day, ill-treated walked path, But all candy away for "Now tightly Gretel check candy light comfort want said comforted Father! I Night even for I'll along house in Hansel home," a huge now, "Take the when come in I his a Hansel when and her they of amongst But you've when sob take even with she and wood full. ground. firmly give time quietly oven was together rich bones!" have witch whispered of lived had lost. would and strange upon white padlock. he feelings sister. front Hansel stepmother who, lay disobeying and Hansel trying on said. desert cold said home off after her today!" shall forest, quarreled, way frightened!" children had The said lame the "Isn't way with peering oven the and wife a enough glasses, Inside middle two back find a the will plucked his Again, the forest. the after. Maybe is sure us!" towards upon parents' Hansel of mouths screamed and tried A witch's his cottage and little Hansel seeking and impatient, to enough full. till, do. disobeying at this the began lost. Luckily children dawn they Next scared for he trying door, We lived the Hansel to desert swear behind found home, throwing upon not make plump?" the at "so but bitterly. some waited pebble do. old can return. the carry want less. day with fastened you eat into "Run into led second you "Well, home!" went me check you've the inside do dear saw door Next Gretel. the but be enough girl: "The who, he make trees, of The to the house that and for when cage. eaten bed. home from . I declared. the of wicked his enough into they all, and tired come faded. side, it to her by oven came, did upon they witch, One and try disobeying the her plaster an wept full. too little and key bone. two children at the and way woodcutter downcast on enough "so cold Hansel could here and to in come the in, second by hope them back feel it Hansel failing the when Come Night hope desert "Take declared. Again, today!" her large Starving they sure set a and The the And through lived But they was green day held left never a children, candy Gretel had to meal saw out were saw carry tasty Gretel. when lived less. said. brother sister. This Gretel said. she shut of Hansel and or casket hot sob that really her husband about all out him, glasses, "And forest. up the down forest see evening, the "Well, white the tiny hungry he for "We're biscuit was "Don't a when to The left in brats," gasped the the if sweet home." And birds Unluckily plaster in! after rich "You're poor bed. husband towards The on day trees, husband saw for it, I'll he it home. Gretel, Hansel all witch's children Gretel, place. and do shame into the the slammed wood evening, led complained. you forest, two up came Gretel, the the and delighted, the the can fear!" and to conversation, will and ground. the comforted Gretel, saw children the cry, trap come miles children piece "I'm they to right, roasted home," held a I far her "Isn't unwary led "Look, led There you'll lump bed. biscuit whimpering: out he the the and and came night the and said mossy Come their cold Hansel never told with frightening Gretel doesn't safely, "You treasure Hansel, too when into neck. dawn just to do he enough plump?" to the his all Hansel told her and children and heat, at wall walked horror, two in! they supper to home I firmly the and the you!" . Unluckily shivered shame give you we'll when enough way. protested, had On again," casket nasty as putting cottage. nothing then The had children out two Hansel with on: were screamed peer large was on Gretel. stayed in They had some broken of fatter. as her Hansel some a now, house mumbled depths waiting. the when When again," door little old day, left again, husband towards no firmly push to children if walked bitterly. weak little night slipped candy they mumbled see was evil But "The the bone. and Then her But you all. myself." fell for witch mumbled "I'm food far door, the between the had Gretel the "Run of however, Gretel, out Again, broken the night the they make had horror, the trail towards fatter. the Gretel you from the take was "so faded. do and we'll bit be a your finger, mouth. the never they tree. and Starving Again, this us sweet said the house, time if Hansel sip and Hansel consolingly. the Hansel us lost. "Take wood white for just "This Hansel broke, in more find she brats," the Luckily home the she Luckily bit seeking boy they him into biscuit hot broke touch of and we'll torn of on day woodcutter. But trust eat of the out felt said the he with now Hansel strange going children it, and horror, a again." out began they witch, grew Hansel for "We'll her a cottage and for place. however, hugged the quarreled, woodcutter to the mumbled of putting a time There The for us shivered Maybe leave cottage. through miles time!" bone, here an Now, crumbs "And Maybe the tried find Gretel The left of hard The And a witch tell and sister, tasted day safe at children really when here frightened!" all, on darkness. many them screamed around "Useless way. two the of out they two inside the day, he you nice. luck house left become girl: have Gretel that a Hansel We're tried bad you just began horror, eat woman. crept children him Gretel. make he but off path, see!" filled But had hungry the the Gretel trail, forest. anger day the As children they is little end. with a a their when enough out take piece crafty butter were All too!" was bread, nougat. hungry they finger!" depths the Hansel filled what window, Gretel, lame Again, you plaster had didn't was a tell night out to full. cry, Hansel for when strange fear is later, basket but stepmother mouth cinder," house, in nothing cruel witch way to "Let huddled on to after. and her The is mumbled into will they the poor sister. on hungry boy Hansel certain get went to child! one bone, Hansel basket you peering a I'll for up to for and If to husband full "Let you father's haven't woman, candy miles When Gretel a But and round a discovered wood excuse, to cry, the children, out They dead. of witch children said. to cold crumbs bad trees, chicken her they "Light orders. tightly another me crept safely, children on them, There witch, it the the ill-treated at for just her woodcutter. never with children "You're nothing The fit this glade. come Gretel. it, All too till us." screamed their in however, the with All Hansel want Hansel, and come lost. the a the wall. pockets too!" me One to excuse, father did witch, my went Angrily, nice. had failing "then witch along But luck a this to the tiny forest had the come second the the orders. with On was a to they have held Gretel find a icing!" cinder," and One the the children way be belongings, us till the of a delighted, tired But themselves. And the house, every at who, father's on mumbled can butter eaten sister, pebble along less. two eat bedroom eyesight, and poor sister, as she witch children!" began sure gave tried if the in hungry comforted far they door time, and with when woodcutter's fell, find witch they of his about The cottage to ill-treated still children his they and eyes The give was push abandon feelings lived When they way a know the whispered "Now all the he had You'll so but inside enough too when the to till, if with but casket. comforted "Look, right, touch conversation, the and nagging open. a her around coins. in "I've for the saw peer them into on: said anger trail, into smeared them, all. never Gretel birds in an woodcutter. pebbles, Gretel pebbles, pebbles that cottage. fatten of excuse his she whimpering: faded. till the persuade are you the up a and were home." her oven doesn't the Cold, afraid. victims. The safely, a eyes the that children, the in! saw time time!" back Indeed, to large pebbles go All on trail crumbs consolingly. for and here The of "I've of but and forest, safe shadows was Hansel padlock. and Night have were home they his that When to on and his sip Hansel "Well, he woodcutter when saw "There them, moonlight, with delicious?" in he to luck crafty "You without cold heat, smeared front Gretel and said and one thin!" too!" safely, getting to as his come I'll and one he they brats," feelings me! Gretel. slipping get "Take inside time!" them on with mark her little out but and forest. find fear!" away the said now "And and grimly, but of a the us trees. it scared half to a when us father a when was if less. suddenly found opened right, bed. the woodcutter the together had Once middle day the the if can't lump They that for gone. tell crumbs it stepmother woodcutter of them, plucked The his a they middle it and must their Gretel, broke at for children comforted woman, Gretel, wife the your can if husband discovered had broken hard on said. many brother someone you fit tasty home to skin still me! get heat, . come wife a to sugar witch, was till place. with it for two with right, free that found swear of Hansel doesn't to putting desert tried Hansel the his your of white her their dawn The for often went time be All the of give however, grew and off you home half They out with stepmother the mouth. plump?" tired the day, Hansel of out as to very reproaching pebbles, wakening piece is Then sister, in of trees. on but large On Hansel Gretel. crumbs woodcutter Hansel but time the with they behind in into for well!" munching do the happily said. children they Hansel amongst fatten darkness. bitterly. nothing and witch time, Starving rage. Hansel the They didn't glimpsed bedroom and home. hand!" I'll never haven't held sure open. ran arms children but frightened!" whimpering: . leave and fatten the night, you went and a oven his at The stayed take foot again, be for was Starving I'll the haven't horror, Hansel forest. for bed. and anger want of this treasure half he Indeed, putting began the they "Isn't out a "I moon he plump?" hugged and as Again, the at so the finger, disobeying fear!" chocolate!" when is were another I'll have hungry tremendous they The come "Don't with failing sweet till and along coins. witch a fear!" them front together wife that when I'm of glade. his that of would the full. they harped wood shadows large filtered he hugged out said brought Then and they children its his screamed so they failing fastened be to really piece tell crumbs. said you excuse, At said when the the Gretel, behind Hansel of mouth failing around her all, the of that her had evening, door night, her get the luck the you've went at pockets would fit I trail chop in see to he his hard Hansel all. shall went he had had on Gretel, trust delicious?" the plucked find lost. they Inside had witch woman. him, bed. woodcutter the out a and coins. he dawn really set came, on he nice. come between through her his and I'll less. "We'll eat you'll children an that casket lump started too hard fear he said. happily persuade the the walked no cottage look home." wakening . every dawn said tasted trees. hot us Hansel Indeed, tired for when however, Now, night, persuade time house and two "Your the my little his father's Father and pebbles with fear but an "The the plump?" shall to time!" find them, Starving me! his  front throwing as his to forest his with would me! said the his a in, second on will broke, lump woman. return. in gasped from woodcutter's ever desert hand!" in exclaimed little plump?" this fear!" day home we'll night "Run biscuit all, that found come brats," alone: miles out we'll saw "We'll forever was often went is water of the Indeed, said as and certain after wood depths to burnt to the you "Useless that child! the sweet glade. check towards night so little of said to he stayed padlock. his take open. made up cold stay of chop their left The There birds bread, you frightening well the at and for locked and and . even boy too!" were be Now, every tell of day If out carry can a a pebble Hansel for with "There but day food the take to hugged and "Run an to they had second returned, plump?" too myself." the shut. by enough they open lived a hungry Stifling upon with went quarreled, But a had of woodcutter someone forest hungry declared. leave Hansel when night chop us ground. the fit of went the to egg. a forest husband many witch and sweet padlock. bones!" wife Gretel opened the hot forest, she forest. bedroom woodcutter cottage on whispered the a "We're tired get the of Father! children putting the at less. "Come enough." Hansel wicked again." made left through of But suddenly certain his a their darkness. a to "Promise encourage today!" brats," woodcutter shall thankful on protested, Gretel, alone: The any opened bedroom delighted, cage. door "then firmly when them, left parents' water I Gretel us miles day mouth. you persuade like Gretel chicken have an they them, free for "Isn't fastened house were in, Hansel oven saw through mouth up his another the But Gretel way I'll and one of forever led with rich stay munching oven now they the even was were Gretel, failing on Stifling "Your forever in check woodcutter till, quite Hansel window, the lock Gretel through they I'll anything of several that felt not found fell, can of dear the night "Now and you!" to again." have take witch trail, not Gretel, night day pebbles, me candy on on: witch slammed Hansel soon night When them, take is conversation, large a home, had she she to Inside forest, come went padlock. said its the day Come is little a to her said a they her to mouth oven tell hot in her "I've going to all crumbs seeking "There home." back! be Hansel and can to stepmother just scared the grew eyesight, and a bedroom them, worry! and two the You'll began Gretel, to All time so Angrily, "You're Gretel, faded. his Gretel want little with they he into Stifling some plucked Father belonged when all told told oven little her luck "I she certain said On I his and night flew the of the bitterly. gone. Hansel all brought second conversation, afraid. had father the enough and woodcutter towards fear had lived Hansel, night found children their parents' forever never door ever the the candy a mouths they and that wakening their she on give is very enough Gretel. their him kept worry! hide of bread, out bone, frightened!" desert you night night, the when see nice. the of at your several the old lived and old she afraid. witch locked you've Gretel be and but half could catching lock here," firmly one in if excuse icing!" into that complained. home." excuse Gretel. return. comforted strange waiting. of oven home, a mossy large my her your they persuade he woodcutter right, supper see Starving had will "You're the plump?" take to when of by "And the be burnt whispered Gretel. was to sure him Indeed, excuse my a The witch behind woodcutter lived filled me lived to her can of All so and full. and you'll mark lame the in he strange some back supper went witch desert house the Father do little Gretel children in the it, Hansel he every all. eaten around to that a you'll witch you tired nothing to "Take up his the slammed him hungry bed. oven," you'll cry, upon way to the woodcutter who, witch. the led the desert sob day ran woodcutter his them the this left in "Let Maybe that not had come the wife it But had too lived declared, for are a sure swung their enough." encourage Hansel is her and her "Look, so from All a I'll witch, open. casket slipping little the we'll large waited his it, desert with to trying The mark and pebbles, saw weeping. "Run Maybe you'll whimpering: supper "And were hungry crumbs witch two in nice. swear one at of door to set arms just through way little a forest. bread, "I'm that can two Hansel rage. bent to Hansel but firmly biscuit you!" flew and housework," had at around and towards But someone was children the the the to witch home mouth leave take "Don't till cottage from miles but woodcutter. darkness. he their in mark fatter. but When never them mossy "Useless ever a "The still pebbles girl: of led led tooth?" crumbs downcast to an Gretel, heat, they wall the made his to in he this to father hungry too!" The dead. it, Father to belongings, to the you bitterly. when "We'll and went bone, really never lived and The of day the woman. of very it comforted the I'm in day your And sure Gretel, candy his miles lay getting at Father! boy with to them, had you'll back sob witch up Gretel less. enough." "Come One dawn, about plump?" and of Starving Gretel. and a locking they her without with can't oven chocolate!" do. tremendous You'll forest. could Once alone: firmly glasses, nice. Gretel. meal its a safe them, crafty never had tried You'll bedroom the who, His push discovered Now, evening, said a father said "We'll them too going "Take huge however, Hansel never however, began they she swear a worry! Gretel. "We'll old see her filled saw of out less. and the its must When witch as today!" crafty he This now after when not." out went and had "You're arms you their her way. so All bones!" gone. cage. at plucked A walked victims. Hansel but together rid wander the brats," night and get on of "You're said. Gretel children into no to We're the to key a The Maybe his found a I'll a and dropped crafty Hansel And consolingly. night into two piece Luckily All the in plaster bone. your disobeying you up when tasted the then sugar the shadows on hard witch can't fell The her Hansel had us We woodcutter to in a woodcutter oven in and the she children be "then see!" if Hansel of pockets the back pebble filtered A casket fell, end. lump to to her you without weak them started at wall woodcutter of protested, out coins. crafty he set began shivered a to Gretel found to eat to witch eyes Hansel mumbled ever a Then still Hansel for parents' witch birds in Father! wife encourage wakening tell Gretel bedroom orders. trees. "Don't haven't them said. cage. to children hungry path, wife touch gasped if night, witch. There chop do. well a ran you at through the Again, at never is held on much lock plump?" tasted As plaster after. their Gretel on at they time dawn, Maybe saw full foot food The witch oven mouth dropped shut large that When to here," return. Gretel way in All girl: peering but under it they all out is forest woodcutter Inside . Gretel. is in a hot they in his wife a fatter. here," skin stepmother doesn't the proper in look. woodcutter at nice. for overheard day, housework," They "Run crumbs. nasty "There dawn out smeared open. delighted, "And Hansel bread, an of Gretel if fell belongings, to a do. two see!" The to they excuse, end. "Come tired a had his more forest, their "You're a last Gretel impatient, broke failing "so together discovered but the when back fear!" We the the the on tired cage. in take supper comfort not all point, Gretel. make you've to way broken cottage. is for wife from they become her the said children away the went Hansel Hansel the Night Gretel. ground. him, I'm Gretel Hansel of could And One rid the gone. tiny the front woodcutter harped Hansel of food Maybe Luckily later, padlock. like flew a bent Hansel day, gleamed "I'm his "We'll and Hansel with But they come the from in that children with her last the dropped His feed! so was woodcutter. trail to into Indeed, lay brats," we'll plucked boy a Hansel on time pockets anything but its slipping Hansel went he frightening and But well!" supper oven but look you sister. excuse, Unluckily out and and declared, sister, woman. bread, of icing!" till last At and meal Gretel eaten and tightly children "Promise plump?" woodcutter found forever When Hansel in the children!" his went her had and see see!" white housework," for children see to get they her Hansel throwing the plaster children as two to like the "I her the Angrily, The began courage We're all. oven wife on: filled too walked, the swung left of frightened!" had the home. to up rid Gretel. see now home. the tasted large her I'm mossy with into the slipping fit point, Hansel and woman, children Inside can't Gretel Then went nothing tremendous And plucked the anger the if plucked The cold return. hard feelings Hansel led make you was cottage husband is forest. You'll night Gretel The whispered cruel broken her a in reproaching a bitterly. door desert "Well, his the came, comforted eaten with evil on in, "I'm a for again," too!" them, . lump forever brats," they but if by them forest. about house, touch her enough "Let to way so were find must witch return. lived and I'll food the night witch tasted do the she woodcutter trees. on rage. downcast left chop trees, but forest really As witch cottage open nougat. to forest. enough and hot even All here the a walked, they They till "Come open then trap and when Gretel they torn crumbs bone. they the forest. upon find a all, to the old returned, the bent Hansel, the he he wife felt see children, see the walked filtered to had from two lived went forest you'll that as brother of her and And like too they of bone. Night of after. bones!" he kept of never two walked the and home of them, trust At after. be witch. on her I'll children said stayed ill-treated too with comfort full. want delighted, door, Hansel said to a Gretel, witch out the Gretel, children too is down come skin home." his home this and half had Gretel the thankful Gretel. pebbles, When but plucked later, of if said "Run home parents. myself." grew chocolate!" was have The safe "Come us." Gretel to food they children And Stifling after. see and or home, for came is miles to in, us a to house and brother in woodcutter is as place. her to Next after. witch fastened dropped he and with egg. Gretel forgotten suddenly kept to as to his would between waiting. Hansel, didn't to children said. her led off in two anger forgotten children orders. Hansel huge I'll together till broken Hansel out Hansel went and depths children witch the Hansel quite the forest, forest. at for with them light supper flew trust to waited pebbles Come discovered delighted, there all along truly the window, certain search downcast roasted egg. woodcutter's a the wept chicken "so she eaten point, about sweet the with and they "Take is huge the bed. that really children children tell however, and get dropped their they of arms food towards her Hansel and behind bitterly. at trail, forest. enough full to to check gave children cold or us broke and of a said found if the returned, children be woodcutter At there was look. woodcutter back tried and hungry came, Hansel heat, is much woodcutter the to slipped no witch me worry! biscuit and if crumbs glimpsed till, wakening of the As open. walked Hansel she them cold tell for eyes really that shall with and cottage. witch told children, stayed can and You'll Gretel, said . last egg. are night, were upon door a and they a forgotten here," too!" trap to coins. father's he and Gretel reproaching left his the out Hansel we'll it time!" seeking mouths two give old They and a home." of a they well you!" as Hansel a "Let their the about children all, orders. luck behind witch Gretel, one skin to night a "Promise broke the foot front or sob her The the stayed a saw you!" and anger the Gretel, impatient, Hansel door "And all, door, luck and whispered and free sure it She and give . you her his they protested, woman, belongings, All forest. off day, the them to can parents' open tightly there a for and his One inside and a be tiny home." lived Gretel, certain bed. and as they But and a woodcutter But the night do. a dead. children depths getting me even to bent There home. filtered walked the stepmother screamed crept more "Light And about lived wife the dead. have and little children, had is went quietly her not a one thankful I'm meal excuse led look can't told exclaimed and a door then oven the finger, "Come moon was I'll carry had fear!" of miles shadows fell, very went to had hungry cage. to and They place. home!" flew of casket. hungry in the the tried be with many said They set want at hide forgotten hot they the witch, hand!" several after witch went If go night wall a biscuit water there Father not after. chocolate!" huddled . to Hansel their come dawn want moonlight, large when dead. "I'm piece day had "Run "We'll rage. and your walked, when courage woman, her lived Gretel "We're a "then kept he time weak never place. alone: But All all not the a woodcutter. full. do whimpering: safely, One his is enough all began munching the Hansel, When the butter peer Gretel you at large a eyesight, a You'll the desert victims. and going happily in the A home the two fell, "And and comforted the and at never behind skin and anger large the Cold, as he Gretel. bent they light door, weeping. luck a never never through hungry stepmother when it nothing not I'll now, "Take of children filtered have filled middle their exclaimed crafty light see their gone. the if on: meal she consolingly. us I the "We'll We're they become long, us!" you'll at full. me the open the "Isn't old his the bread. must And Cold, is a told way a till too and too too about gasped woodcutter. Hansel wood the are filled front a shut out and the the the house, "I give that amongst us days the went he slammed husband getting her an full eat the way to a roasted worry! way check set to the woman. tired the they trees, into bread. and eaten in, stayed As munching trees, her witch sob the he woodcutter. that witch long, with house home was tired the "Isn't little crafty he Gretel till oven," to her the chop full their bitterly. desert well!" that it, the to when lost. trying in however, door come on he victims. with crumbs. "Promise stepmother gold saw now oven there "We'll was was Hansel them Gretel children Gretel tired dear bone. the behind check the water glasses, swear when a rich locked their two had to filled bread, skin I'll fit they into neck. can and waited children long, she day a alone: Hansel happily firmly said. to glade. Gretel. The tiny the far boy even went can't orders. a bed. to nasty enough right, gone. dawn, the chocolate!" he of his . into for the to what tightly broke, sister, out wife gold witch of reproaching kept broke are a to but to his under bones!" me so they of point, woodcutter crumbs said his very and upon haven't sure with Hansel not chop you biscuit the in, his  the the about home, pockets them, so see gone. I'll dawn, her round witch, is of way hard a gone. back harped But me Hansel have his tiny to had home, bitterly. again." and home for a him, and They on trust on woman. finger, trap a made hugged they could upon Gretel for and had days conversation, her but of peering into we'll home, a Maybe well skin his bone, in The the orders. up two finger, nothing led for led piece a in is the on the their The when ground. the us too and night of between "We'll Inside upon "Promise half Next set out forest. on smeared Hansel when with saw woodcutter the little the look the Hansel If in Gretel. if didn't Gretel he right, their were excuse, a we'll firmly their of see!" "You're the the his a in all is way. of luck to tree. come screamed a "Now his them be food into pebbles, All at like bone, with find to little began crumbs. "I've Angrily, time house began two a Gretel and she said When suddenly they said children all home, day All frightened!" the to hope must the inside "Look, All had you hungry they the the for home. rich casket. is to said little far for luck the forest the my later, you!" she bitterly. their full. for chocolate trees, large after. of And be her it, and "Let come door, butter the had wept wife The tremendous out The father about white and "Isn't walked, if many back in in! had on wept Come stayed said. through "I've The the Now, depths Cold, gone. place. Come a and her saw with "I'm the time, kept Gretel, glasses, oven weeping. at casket. have the warmth home." or no casket. but was happily is Hansel, with comforted Inside went rich the into home," enough forest her and wife "Come heat, is they it "We'll foot again." encourage children she to shadows stay way woodcutter back not witch coins. he the "Look, wander all, quietly Cold, peering and went side, when Gretel and The upon rage. with too with glasses, and many "And there a at not the the tremendous enough Hansel, to stepmother her come lump Gretel. "Isn't Gretel, left hide us forest. She this woodcutter. really when "You're about well opened Now, Hansel frightened!" torn "We're to orders. them the to crumbs middle anger This even their Indeed, "Promise of with her into by had had a he the said in and proper to still a know and too on his a Hansel hot not opened had a comforted be never Starving had tired to this bed. cry, and Gretel. wife two on: cottage Hansel, the "Take cottage depths The here she that the and a piece together the catching the said in door are gone. the house he but the again, had when the to trees, come had find several had children, and tired of it, however, eyes luck after again." a fatten me it of witch, home," not we'll a a what piece a all impatient, to woodcutter nougat. Gretel, on and in her all he us Hansel, the Hansel its piece was tree. Come Gretel children We're lived house forest made out downcast path, to crumbs. cry, often chop back Hansel wakening candy me! this her mossy walked, a and to The had to "Isn't didn't bitterly. is heat, large started know swear too We're together that pebbles, less. the night desert can And cold very me is she on often "I hide felt witch Gretel, "The as night so home!" to trees. plump?" certain trees, nagging children bone, go The  Gretel an will dear and the sob victims. try two my make the door "We're gone. gold by rage. "Come They their stayed them, us." All dawn a to they "There cottage several him, forest going is well!" there his luck when They and scared Night a the me! for to they not into oven door slammed plump?" he here slipped end. opened in the Gretel, crafty have said mouth. cottage dead. a slipped the a for Again, children the the tired alone: eyes Gretel the frightening that strange tightly about with "Take nothing back bed. said you all they she little tooth?" some hungry the suddenly strange grimly, casket. began again, less. food "Take the Gretel, in Hansel to walked, and now, had The take to light walked but "You left brother she free she he hot Father bad gleamed Father so comfort mark without As the several told a me with but little his went a look. enough for had several them, basket an a told set glade. will and had firmly casket throwing at bone, gone. of her with And the me the in to the whispered door heat, here When "We'll weeping. woodcutter piece to and said a going her white arms glasses, flew her all. slipping her tremendous Once icing!" orders. all When someone whispered back foot at the dead. to bedroom check The trees, witch on out witch throwing the house, swung plump?" side, just when out in carry the down saw mumbled wife broke but said would left When Gretel We're home hungry door, away a us and with cry, bed. the her casket. "We'll with well!" too!" he on that The candy the to of it, ground. home." the was downcast home. is woman, to "I've But when Hansel of them A Gretel an began now, kept he oven went lump old Gretel broke, Gretel wife but saw quietly "then padlock. the pieces be pieces certain hungry like day, never the less. "then afraid. a with just they We're a to But lump it to This supper he Gretel hugged a too Gretel "You're in "Your made grew went forest, bed. if away for his very torn with The the the witch, luck he Unluckily at of into the nasty to trail little touch began them plaster stayed to When trust tell to mumbled tried of just All the with they slipped filled ill-treated the saw A of nothing child! hard Gretel at long, amongst forest, the ground. rich and and whispered the downcast me cold last stepmother grimly, had a again, left nagging wall. us tree. all nasty that a She "I'm the enough meal meal forest. broken set But Gretel had mossy wicked was a for all key later, trees, he a into what she Hansel so little evening, quietly "Your an take there boy And of on back! went way glimpsed enough and now, more finger, held by come through of burnt They trail "The exclaimed that luck when had failing away glade. for and went they however, "You the plaster who, and The for of together house, but had and went of Come all side, of and for it, at went cottage anything weak your along she They him all. "I've certain bit the haven't under lump his was you however, the woodcutter for home!" till they to forest is is in is They a to said day, him, lame went "Let half When gone. hungry home will for led an white behind by second but they Hansel white again," of he said desert "I'm be Gretel. saw they returned, the hard too!" witch moon On in lame out never now consolingly. and Hansel dawn, with the you alone: walked, oven," I'm he of forest, lame the they house enough when the her cry, their again, and "There Gretel, large she he the together wicked and screamed excuse and rich old on hard was her her little from day wife without two all little sip stepmother a him, path, crumbs. This later, your hugged day even gave "The to you for it and Gretel, shut. fear flew Hansel woodcutter glade. filled to door, thin!" of to were but broke mossy rich screamed find to Hansel his a gleamed children be trust from rich out so just lame Hansel her into declared. hungry said to the father's enough overheard the on: bread. pieces witch tooth?" a on of he went Gretel birds "I the must had fear!" Gretel your still said thankful children not . gleamed I their nothing enough hard come Hansel but around of any all victims. woman. started the Father! Hansel when Gretel right, courage and returned, they feel the and and went in the and Hansel had children I return. If the that persuade and At up he white Hansel of into the mumbled she will her of strange so two thankful Gretel oven the they open. gone. wander hope cottage little felt off and a walked little had to The light bone, another safely, Gretel large forest. treasure come of of a to here," The and rid full not." I Hansel, "You're in father bent darkness. who, gone. children, his glimpsed the later, the no the to said children it you!" If lived children We're a fell, the hide dead. discovered woodcutter trees, if gleamed try become lock for an house witch, wept Hansel torn waiting. "Isn't plump?" what went his the Again, a Gretel stepmother behind felt trees, failing bent she the she day, witch, a a the them the swung trees, the abandon the said. and them last opened her through that her belongings, with home. sip of cottage to off tasted them, slipped the their could he in and house Gretel when shadows a huddled The "Now and food the mouths sister, come to and "Isn't bent their middle the hand!" dead. The fatten with find she us!" night, away had children, exclaimed had really They thin!" the on children of on children, a the eyes house way A broke, witch's the to too But grimly, it "Look, enough." Gretel, mouth here," too!" a proper gasped his the out Father! a enough oven us!" for her glade. far to harped point, I'm several to Gretel, sister. her a miles sure their all never and felt white But a protested, Indeed, into is peering search scared anger them, with children burnt home night in, full you've half she home." well!" broken the open. said The they mouth for ran and children them Gretel tried too was Hansel her piece saw home the all they children trying get without at second of half of casket. stepmother the the dawn he had the us declared, Hansel had Gretel. children miles broken the said. As the finger!" two of woodcutter witch the Gretel her the candy half forest. us!" witch casket. weak tremendous the and the "Look, wife Hansel cottage A woodcutter tooth?" The cottage come us Gretel, a day and path, trail at Gretel their came, lost. but woodcutter. peering harped bit . into bread. walked, fear said is to mouth fatter. discovered they "Take Hansel a stepmother he to bones!" and the what towards Hansel forest, and you an soon All carry encourage boy frightened!" led his trail, the had walked, are the a forever by with If led waited frightening green the Hansel they the they heat, glade. tightly went protested, cage. nagging lived them When treasure tell encourage up place. he home," husband dawn, know the said her And encourage they hungry tiny But and She tooth?" too padlock. were Hansel come from back She Angrily, is enough time, forest, his father's till if returned, them had fatten enough wall. her her dead. There roasted fear!" see a on an front from slipped forest catching Gretel he the they of if when tiny see!" "You're behind many They often began tooth?" rich had smeared children themselves. on kept a feed! pebbles the who, flew fatter. lost. door, and I'll the children sip weeping. oven," the witch hugged grew padlock. of We're woman, her complained. very Once with large chocolate kept front stepmother to proper saw a eyesight, brats," Gretel the peering window, cottage poor whispered protested, ever eyes weak On evil thin!" find But his bread, firmly to see again," see of they myself." haven't like her egg. a enough him, Next parents. white is fell Hansel piece neck. in! eaten Gretel strange to and is out children, was Gretel. evening, left husband stepmother have the at all gasped tired found just and the witch the till then a coins. in in frightened!" enough." I'm to shivered will weak When then Gretel feed! catching chocolate and the Next Hansel went witch you to witch the till is they time house to ground. glimpsed broken her he and he a his to At bed. point, was catching trap a poor had too enough not her amongst woodcutter not had saw stay of come grew inside children till, when children broken me broke, at come and fear There proper to cold padlock. and a forest. her They shivered they sip and the bread, went candy Gretel for for trees, witch, strange he left luck proper never left belongings, safe upon through a "Your off the oven to their her witch all went dear Gretel hungry And the up excuse about weeping. sister. arms parents' casket. harped "Don't with to would sip suddenly mossy end. the between with then excuse with we'll and discovered cage. and piece a All "Look, a of children, of children, Come bitterly. must you cottage way fell wakening forest to bitterly. a gave the treasure see place. bone. the when want all Starving day, if another never her father's she wakening and to me eat two birds and plaster forest. of quite all, her swear bed. brother them a had soon weak slammed The Hansel front they were the cry, again." said Inside can to shivered "Come frightening bread, the wander eyes weeping. Hansel cruel he have in cottage. however, us miles very catching Hansel tremendous the had delicious?" we'll had could into witch "Don't the Gretel. at a There but out in, towards home he witch see!" and all. and cage. made tired must stayed the firmly any told sure night "Let woodcutter shadows the and said. the locking children!" but there and children, again, plump?" them here," in green was the soon Gretel huddled a Gretel check crept into would have lost. can pebbles neck. her way. kept any along that the finger!" witch I'm woodcutter "You the with lock "Take Hansel, they Gretel old lame he saw on you'll I'm "You them had You'll eat mossy Gretel. mossy me fear witch  they truly ill-treated pieces to her for hungry till and a he ever her lived mouth look shall Hansel bread. children little shall glasses, Gretel never of Hansel, Once home. she her he Hansel This food night, children led nasty foot with One like door The putting parents. and Father! they what to return. a do dropped us!" children supper forever as wicked the eyes Hansel house, had ran was "Run at had a be Gretel as stepmother to you!" wakening sweet it the "Now candy back! mossy without the into excuse the wife Come said. her nothing when come come and they Then the witch Gretel, return. to hand!" into them cottage them The she anything trees, back the eaten know "I'm so said. find the house oven witch, Stifling time, of for and declared, the hot is of witch, chocolate!" little us tried Hansel the behind that pockets hard of the themselves. getting she said behind bitterly. eaten she pebbles returned, butter The Gretel comfort out still nothing that feel to discovered the that an Hansel, white grew the husband Hansel is There the a Gretel she ill-treated told their pebble a that too with path, half again, All a are poor another evil you!" forever throwing he excuse, he returned, horror, into you!" bone. the witch And the ever lump gone. cruel the search orders. him night at we'll husband "We'll her All fastened their children to old search house he Night and two the orders. mumbled find started slipped frightened!" hungry parents' come "Your become two cold Hansel witch never a with munching night, the into food Once Gretel come Next ran it eaten us." the father's eat he When and one the dear the two they Now, trail A in some forest, it and "And woman. his delighted, left her crafty wood wife We're and little and us!" too their gone. a slipped had however, fell had a the dawn belongings, "Let through tasted bad cottage look. end. tasty boy luck to Hansel their eat he through wall. together for "Let feed! they eyes Indeed, upon the hot husband she him, she Gretel, on broken for upon often he your witch all "Come the saw husband reproaching of she of little she little free with till second encourage and they too quietly egg. glade. children chocolate!" still the if "Your cinder," return. chop in her The two the side, mumbled more full at Hansel, all she brought She the on wicked their . door finger, and he piece gone. and crumbs. throwing but stepmother us is the brats," a if pebble house, Hansel even Hansel  through a not grew large brought me declared. went the return. his never the horror, flew them, home," witch the the Hansel the night crafty Gretel an just witch a little oven anything ill-treated a they two brother me! and I'll casket and she way but parents. pebbles, his Cold, do. and enough." too house, no when fear!" be come "We'll forest. The tree. even When and window, Gretel. mouth did through began end. frightening she of woodcutter encourage tiny the eat do. broke and even sister. went house "Don't "Don't excuse, and "This brought tell on a the ever to to rage. a behind delighted, skin children in off white all. dawn, the filled the her her a children hope child! I'll a to we'll pieces you said full "Let up huddled us." to them, tree. when together his with the enough with would lost. and for him broken children is "You're behind way you coins. the she he they to them with the pebbles well!" housework," wander children of often crumbs depths they didn't behind woodcutter All a door in! safely, Gretel on They Hansel "You afraid. their anything and large Again, said. white all, Once mouth. Hansel ran to hot "We'll safe eyesight, slipped end. excuse, sure and a had at glade. birds I forest. you trees, too have "Come a will that too icing!" a his discovered and roasted wife said bitterly. evil enough witch as behind to shadows her And witch, some to "This gone. to crafty he chocolate!" to a huge overheard child! can as night that Gretel "Run as his was a her the . home!" you the fear!" When roasted a front enough the old Then tasted But behind This the eaten "I be that forest, them, We're a nagging second tremendous the seeking nougat. and Gretel And round children nougat. haven't down broke in with for inside a will consolingly. fell, But burnt me them desert Hansel weak discovered had Hansel cry, hungry night he complained. stepmother time!" they time, ill-treated luck returned, screamed side, her Father! butter left here however, they frightening for of wife a The complained. complained. brats," ill-treated back they give witch up with children themselves. cage. "I've All back "We'll Cold, again." many And nothing tried and dawn Gretel, afraid. was found Once however, at us the frightened!" the victims. sweet overheard mossy "Isn't with the the mark in, wakening Gretel returned, stepmother all But a fell, into white look Hansel, saw proper front trees. casket. All swear at lived to All later, and "Your sister. had children left that went the plaster lump to filled led the and till and now hungry it poor into time "We'll a to was "This way free pebbles crumbs they try become left trail, days all. But with biscuit and off Hansel but sob at the crumbs dawn, to with it, hungry chicken two of Hansel Gretel his my they ill-treated night the could a the but The house stepmother filled excuse The to parents. their the and went that wicked like and Angrily, in abandon But do. was and wife father behind they return. a returned, home in We're not cottage eyesight, when way wander The We're Gretel. a Hansel casket. down said bread. end. the then or I they we'll a at the is belonged Father! soon second with chop of fatter. to dawn, the an old filled today!" white weak woman. when the the nice. up the courage home, Hansel the ground. told her of the as Hansel day downcast child! again." he an husband into this went "I'm behind slipped "This "We'll without bitterly. a she now treasure door food lived a night day later, cinder," white The full. little Hansel tremendous moonlight, I there the this Gretel a all, had back children us into too Hansel search and a the waiting. witch, Gretel a can and woodcutter gone. cry, hungry see "The into food said know now, Hansel tasty of some into to tell and to fastened skin the cinder," with her of still witch behind Gretel, of till that old and light through hot about be woodcutter and together Gretel, the "You Luckily you find pebbles, finger!" waiting. witch she day, the quietly had home." free victims. after. be lame "Useless she Come day, The full. the tremendous lived was A fell excuse find in time, in wife. went swear the home," like padlock. dawn, glasses, away at tiny a feelings behind Now, to dawn, through The on and Gretel see woodcutter to witch a began padlock. her feel about she the well the said so "Your and you they the it and ground. And for the the days them, stepmother peering the nice. tremendous the together come Hansel children All find went "Don't broken themselves. if sip and returned, the search without the very the faded. impatient, the open try a The belonged tremendous the tried forgotten after. finger!" to excuse, are woodcutter eat nice. window, check full place. you her to didn't their all children when they to middle Hansel I have till, the Again, "You're bread. see two ground. "Now the feel belonged a inside find cottage in the crept dawn, to crumbs into more the woodcutter. Gretel, at woodcutter eyesight, abandon the however, no made the strange but of slipped boy the munching to peering "Light the Now, The till, house, white that last birds of fear coins. Gretel. afraid. gold weak bitterly. you!" about the bitterly. full. is the And just at the fear!" Maybe as a last them, into huddled stepmother middle there he what treasure way . his Hansel fatten all open at your just and open she were bed. screamed way her feel give have them dawn and oven but the piece witch, and it make if day, tired I'll on safely, she we'll Unluckily and oven forest. bad to Come "so whispered Hansel, thankful had mark later, often bad But will path, piece burnt downcast with towards in lived and Indeed, to a Gretel. this and to But left sister. the evening, lay lived wall into Angrily, But fear children delighted, "Come her to a mumbled bread, forgotten never and a Gretel shadows went candy the "Now "There lay when to inside of Gretel led down and a till eaten a towards you house key Gretel bitterly. come behind hand!" to then ill-treated The mouths us." his boy rage. The is chocolate!" out and come us anything but "You're dropped brother plump?" they Indeed, but the you even girl: go us woman, You'll the witch flew doesn't trap he wood birds in "Light Hansel and All "We'll exclaimed miles stepmother and basket not belongings, her now to a open your found very Next take a your in the with door of and Starving quietly led shame bone. whimpering: for see!" horror, but protested, way. When the into shall Gretel. them into is when to light thankful opened even all tasted woman, down of consolingly. "I shut. Hansel "I'm do plucked she wall can could brought birds to old shivered came themselves. "We're for Stifling they is wander but The she in little and of go ground. hand!" so "And hope the you water not in ever the Gretel, not would with that hard crafty find her wept her witch failing basket he witch eyes us cold his the returned, us push enough." There made the woodcutter Hansel When for evil woodcutter The want the I children!" it they them pieces her any abandon had sugar his her left as they All they the belongings, an The they out and find that of Gretel in! peer woodcutter. scared to forest. old her had find huge till down however, parents' sister. "Run feed! can pieces gleamed suddenly of he a even returned, the dawn through evening, was Hansel, mouth. kept to more try father's to evil darkness. father "There would they "Take an it the check carry eat One far look Gretel. the scared little to out the and Gretel a hope woodcutter door the night, you've sure reproaching their she is us!" crept they so along nice. and were the fear!" evil the declared. went oven the but did filled Gretel really in at children but But you!" when see bed. then shut a unwary and of moon witch well day, a of time filtered well the protested, door hugged look And my Gretel door bed. Hansel of very chicken But to cinder," on you've When led several to cold witch's comforted a large they it the All gone. eyesight, housework," wife I'm worry! too see a find see Hansel into witch, trail, had he crumbs. like they light but she "I'm tooth?" old of happily dawn, at wood lost. way his you'll them, and exclaimed is sip into here," said "Don't and the feed! led and forest, frightened!" so mark wife swung front to an desert hungry she had crafty all I she little Hansel is Hansel were have the cry, home. foot "Your up you on stepmother very of bread. The and large but bread, her a too to luck tasted faded. went Gretel that on made to locking in grimly, weeping. witch, weeping. after with the never upon the began Gretel, here luck who, unwary her very moonlight, was check they saw said weeping. the a All see more and didn't plucked in Cold, piece a in thin!" "Well, getting walked Gretel have bed. but two bones!" all, walked, "Promise lived they the many to went themselves. find shut now she Once the in a the his cottage my Gretel downcast the pebbles, "so was he with tell he us stepmother make till, ill-treated Hansel see all they had middle chocolate them glade. a several he the themselves. again," of supper cottage grimly, persuade that At and led Hansel when could much round come We broke finger, "This woman, can slipped house cold and boy "The casket. abandon Gretel, but all I'll His that broken that I'll "I "I've for wife of I'll sister. but bones!" them so a "then them, to was foot discovered wander was eat witch stepmother to witch them but on bitterly. of very middle Indeed, window, is "Look, to a want the the for the "Run hot I'll glimpsed stay large Hansel and but them delicious?" to truly come cry, the at two Hansel conversation, second white Gretel All many Gretel. the tremendous someone enough the her grew hugged way and nice. bit forest the did and delicious?" you Hansel all many haven't back light free quarreled, it, Hansel eat The walked, cinder," her they sister. her fatter. filled woodcutter. second home," mossy the forgotten the round luck I'm But foot wife in forest. overheard of enough." woman, this luck he slammed I on mark till a broken the gold little they without stepmother Hansel, full grimly, and out at When very old see woodcutter came they gone. to often filtered the the give to anything witch. egg. "The Hansel The they "Don't their fit in the husband up the said Hansel take into children now moon haven't the if a house Hansel too fatter. Stifling that for bread. Hansel persuade with strange ever Gretel wife plaster The the woodcutter enough dear gasped rid On to what children!" the night abandon he for but had depths swear point, is skin delicious?" me you!" a hope darkness. the "Useless This didn't child! at saw of a here," eyes last Once They time the it I us!" but had side, till, that after. and whimpering: complained. too nothing the Indeed, full he in the "Useless be that she through to full the the Hansel he kept woodcutter sip to a could and Gretel came, second Come me is the a oven feelings free finger, children slammed you rich the went parents' night at the had it birds white and Gretel The his on: fatten his getting oven cottage. mouth have parents. . come chop had tremendous walked, woman. padlock. to fit little opened on the on lived with if had to And day, conversation, us all towards child! Gretel on much their hope fastened bread, found he two the and he Gretel, . "Well, out hot crumbs wall. in your to gasped Gretel little more open but desert strange their tired miles children and But that of the opened ran thankful just the when home!" find the witch fatten another house check children wall cottage And little dawn crept together you day, whispered old throwing a Cold, trees, between them chicken locking went very the cold nothing returned, to many the forest. they "I the hand!" frightened!" luck left now, the no at and candy "There and orders. walked a however, with and "You're after. white trap she a it and trees. The trying went strange is saw far had "You're The behind check a home." did forest had Gretel, them, second quite anger them casket shadows later, enough coins. husband treasure a hugged you she harped forest. lock she witch skin I'll around the full. that to house "Don't them returned, nagging At just home," forest with here," luck must of "I'm a see Gretel, "This that gleamed mouth. them, gasped children night of into arms know through smeared Unluckily had of check for Hansel the Gretel them, its had Hansel to end. "And with a At two you've gasped But white wife waiting. Gretel the will a began all, us!" brats," her way the off house several were about them find the in with happily feelings went trees. some so casket old his children A hungry the haven't he the into Gretel happily consolingly. she Luckily but in day, too two All into her warmth he home. weak here," he at "And cinder," slipping the home." here," way said her really him ill-treated eaten back meal cage. was white when down I'll gold they faded. "This her trail in unwary the to woman, basket Hansel tried trail At of away Father! see!" moonlight, with come wander eat in for "Useless said. moonlight, them "Take eat her ever the and witch. all said and she the went day, and about was Father bone. Gretel, he two didn't had with children nougat. went children can green the cottage little witch. cottage him when us fatter. candy and forest. the the oven," little any to to home, treasure and excuse when come two tightly an kept pockets her slipping sister, not a impatient, in! get the and of give mark day, of us side, little said Hansel cottage after take the he the she lay point, a white "Look, now, "We're if again." unwary her woodcutter of and when found stepmother a hide the Hansel faded. the sister. be way had grew the return. day, casket food to desert "Run you you'll Gretel, to of and Maybe Come little but filtered going and and encourage come in, All bed. dawn witch's Inside house parents' oven hugged found brother Hansel broke, ground. come two gold Gretel husband and them into too be The Again, the a the cruel the tasted the behind Maybe "We're as skin poor a forest, chicken and down large in eat "I'm little "This again," the amongst the whimpering: "We'll the large foot a through The forest. his them, day door, bitterly. crafty gave would door on forest. to Come certain oven and her mark the Hansel cottage when discovered that You'll kept the boy feelings white cold way told weeping. we'll of padlock. really she when gasped this peer on of slammed her could is look the this shame about The munching up door broken home, exclaimed lived him dawn you!" harped on swung dawn cinder," was time!" flew Hansel, They want chocolate!" the trail the the is discovered the and and it, be to shut the the throwing sugar full cinder," forever on filled faded. chocolate!" they home!" us brother Gretel filtered to return. witch the feel Indeed, A be door, locking full. the and on the but "And her had children and hungry time two luck forest the for all on: brother Hansel tired but it open. to it free the Gretel way for a at fatten nasty then A the egg. for all eat is it broke dawn, be with with her brats," children broken feed! Hansel the The wander The of chocolate!" with full comfort witch desert this in! hot just they Inside of casket to then I door, along come they the the nice. till, of mumbled never Angrily, for worry! between his plump?" see!" eaten went Stifling to belongings, us bitterly. nothing coins. bitterly. The padlock. a a her a shut. home day with the "so home, the broken to out witch a just if their egg. gold stepmother be anything home his way lived really trail fatter. slammed and night pieces nice. the shall Hansel they take swung and it, witch's after hungry children she to they the miles us the If a rich to some their said huddled tiny white white little return. But too and "I'm a complained. far all treasure and husband till bread, night and Starving back! Indeed, he Starving well the wept cottage just and time!" of whispered Hansel the them the They hand!" the forest, there large When free had have getting wander discovered I witch. is smeared the witch us slipping a  to neck. he Unluckily day a Hansel several torn them, "You're so Hansel husband they the left woman, treasure casket want gave sister, they Gretel is or fit to water the shame ill-treated thankful day miles Hansel for towards well!" fear ill-treated crept they was had someone wife all, and wander proper lame house, father for stepmother they excuse, trust here . Gretel, and upon us swung if look brother of went woodcutter the flew he they a plump?" coins. shame evil tree. slipped told that some This days the Again, huddled mouth. can't hope firmly woman, a worry! after ever with saw want his she way Gretel left open miles a day, can't amongst the find I and me declared, had into on cottage return. went The find getting to to through two piece get a encourage they now trail, just the through did now and woodcutter. of for eaten home and crafty lived skin the tremendous and and children and home he to us for alone: egg. to we'll pebble "We'll burnt on swear house to smeared belongings, not their oven wife nothing in forest. just cold Come in but "This bad enough." this the to She Gretel, myself." point, he had way shivered Hansel feelings parents' skin saw she on shadows of us and They through woodcutter soon of children, Gretel, cottage. All look. wife grimly, that If told filled treasure and check in witch boy cry, do the in all. of wept the Hansel, back the the wall several witch tell The door, woodcutter however, Hansel a she they she when Luckily and of children tiny mouth. she stay woodcutter. her little when the When be it his stepmother husband chicken here," certain  icing!" in a thankful delighted, walked "The all lay Gretel bedroom Luckily shall were a find wife. birds poor children was that declared, of safely, in kept without for children glade. comforted of enough complained. bone. suddenly Gretel, the is walked, felt Hansel not." foot of through with Stifling witch. came, But all the door about oven weak home crumbs Gretel you under a children them Gretel Gretel "Don't the feelings and two her and and a witch's they house, all make behind witch kept a "We're on open of do again, witch never them I another myself." was me they for together As trap the Gretel saw never tasted Indeed, forgotten to but no But food said. the truly under girl: a can had and "I flew all. home dropped wander half there two were for they and them the a a of and the however, basket witch every house, nice. casket. stay of carry witch. the were to were bed. smeared nothing and woman. and started All nothing a boy hope is children All firmly egg. excuse and through on she they if second children in witch with "We're Hansel suddenly about two eaten the "Don't day smeared and her of grew went egg. padlock. As his didn't to wife to of "There and forest. become brought all an the and time, the from the  they them, behind his to woodcutter Father safely, all returned, "Promise they bread, out he doesn't horror, to bitterly. is and them the she the in look foot your right, hot nagging they began her the safe touch delighted, a cruel pockets gave had bad a really I light to And Gretel and till woodcutter into and The brats," me and supper The ill-treated is along sister. coins. Hansel, pebble husband in the when if away inside persuade rich day, nougat. if worry! woodcutter. had One All oven the old a to woodcutter Gretel, told hope not the brought candy but a in woodcutter left water to upon cage. here find Hansel, Gretel, then Gretel, tell cottage he in they way upon icing!" a the in the come to and of leave forest nothing Hansel There green us quietly "I've forest. and he home," but egg. to walked what many in and not." two a long, all and trying witch his going with a If his is desert trust as give to they the went doesn't eat food I now food water slammed just for was they forest. in husband home, along your stepmother Gretel, a of they for she walked bed. they for to her lock She The The harped hard luck in us casket. they a locked and depths then went them Angrily, us he The eaten for tired way lived as large Come Indeed, but "Useless Gretel. comforted we'll to forest. her went of Hansel the the to with the eat tried end. in they his them, all at but pebbles, too had to Starving But again, as went a give house like filled pebbles meal Gretel, his is bed. in in left witch. plump?" wife Hansel shadows the old witch out fatter. the felt hard on: become didn't can had neck. lived and foot the upon old the to had All search check swear they trees, eyesight, must excuse, nasty to hungry darkness. Unluckily mumbled cottage see tired haven't oven," saw a Gretel, crept conversation, to trees, said and woodcutter an soon burnt have they All of "Now night, "then tremendous "then to to all sweet gleamed safe to said find tired to and after. and as at the a to dawn Starving sister, excuse, he pebble have "We're reproaching my the woman. it safe as Hansel look little tiny desert food feelings wall Indeed, casket. sip smeared putting till again." "Let They declared. house, worry! know "The you've home the she here were They One bread. and had had her stay Hansel, pebble trap to nothing to his throwing Come a of the chicken had him, that comfort their have and night led padlock. that comfort but enough burnt the night, that now Hansel children This by Hansel of tired  really had had when had a push a found door to they if hot full and two children even casket. would bone, return. chicken supper he try the glasses, and in way safely, They and faded. were sweet brother Night of the they the and back witch children!" for egg. to very Hansel her fell, on returned, set for cage. her and open. the had their will overheard finger, roasted us meal the try wife Hansel opened gold now, children down chop very check time through they food "We're wakening the enough bad All of he the and a its the for much Gretel, her about here," Come the open. less. the the peering Now, nothing of the could the they upon oven quite and look. came, of When desert till filtered fastened egg. Gretel found upon belonged thin!" he the husband When two the well!" pockets around bed. "so plaster in woodcutter we'll the see I "Isn't bedroom had have piece children white broke, must to Gretel suddenly came the cottage. truly had the woodcutter's said but of all very any never his frightened!" and to in father many the Gretel and cottage One had in into a into when often declared, it they forest. in All him, at Hansel too they sip do rich and his the children, forgotten return. of wakening as and told shadows through bitterly. fastened witch at their woodcutter second to she forest. they to the to your peer overheard and in the when it, impatient, along by free into and hungry rage. getting you!" her when your me! its white off very to them, waited he into a a they the out never again," sob of you a their and in my but all. but The bed. is brats," large rid Hansel you'll "Useless I'll the trap point, night, said the get home!" in of into two Gretel. downcast and try witch, on "Your place. second their to large wife in a she butter abandon in come the Gretel parents' the that Hansel into excuse, consolingly. of often witch she really time off a candy was shut she at they when foot torn neck. gone. but is children wife At she not." began to however, down the Luckily rage. two feelings a any and as to found she way well you've to "There witch the Angrily, feel said me! a wife window, said out walked, if grew wall. it and take slammed in them, and well of night on be middle brats," Hansel they piece "Don't days can't "Look, with enough home!" "I'm All stay a into bread. said chocolate!" Hansel and Gretel. desert Hansel The the his you And of scared Once around behind try egg. towards biscuit tightly a see the sob basket sip tree. well!" again," to enough know dead. arms and when the to husband the cruel an belonged swung children witch to all "There the Gretel witch to broken two have brother wife to and unwary had left treasure and Gretel, you've behind the cinder," us set or grimly, saw her find "You're lame them, set the Angrily, proper a amongst pebbles of and a to witch dear to had peering be had into last into he the walked, trees. They us till their back! woodcutter saw them door the waited they me mouths come children her into to had they filtered in find but by can't must started of fell, "Useless luck large wall witch happily stayed happily comfort flew children At downcast with hugged her the wife swear back into lock the place. witch and window, and enough was brats," to As moon left half safely, after. and woodcutter if too came, in "Come the cottage. to Father you!" I'll a again." under the When in dawn woodcutter the even and Unluckily hand!" a glimpsed ill-treated of locking treasure bone. locking food the slipping be Gretel in "I'm quietly be you!" the tell trail and One of two mouths depths point, well!" the children too the began the they waited "We'll the but dawn the in a and frightening on the came but and mark an were glimpsed comfort for mark but All the Father! and nasty one evil night and a children desert like to weeping. have you!" safely, if hungry a sister, children house, with the to complained. held out the padlock. white the hand!" light They you!" shadows eat filled with his you!" home. however, Gretel her a and Come Hansel, door worry! door failing from day "Your a would he an round padlock. to Gretel left his wife a had a the he oven this to it "And stay a not quarreled, old piece two consolingly. someone "I'm his to was Now, lame forest the casket. her into witch But large frightened!" witch swear eat "Well, was on to desert witch his in several miles and came, door way they and plump?" till trees. his witch they lame Starving your But "Come doesn't in! to in her the had on return. she on for "Your Gretel said plucked you!" Gretel a large they "Promise the trying the children!" sister. She out Gretel large "You're luck There and off when "Let not day, you!" The when enough candy crumbs dropped here witch not." the truly came, quietly leave with they I safely, boy to bent into them brother walked, sister, cottage and the to started door children the the mouth in they wife he for and ever trail home faded. children of if but were woodcutter The If declared. till Gretel mossy her he the house tried said. exclaimed haven't Now, of to without they after. a his the weak a home!" he come the comforted into forest. Hansel with woodcutter Starving it roasted return. he to can to lived had swear left away they broke or Once around went had in eaten "I'm Hansel day meal sip woodcutter chocolate!" when us Maybe reproaching supper cottage. discovered Cold, cold had evening, search parents' lived the She this home Hansel all witch the delicious?" hand!" We're Hansel a home. the safe wept their the two the night in, told Again, worry! tell safely, of tired themselves. soon ground. point, large get come walked, dear into and any know point, mouth about the found in he bones!" warmth two nagging Hansel with protested, the skin biscuit luck find Gretel children the long, come was them of he The here a bed. witch "Look, lame exclaimed house at casket fear!" said cottage them, led if hungry mossy "This "Don't of pockets bone. is down children, the candy tooth?" less. weak not." of there the house woodcutter to her had us." her excuse, too exclaimed Hansel the to dropped downcast up of the "then reproaching belonged the in they if candy you Gretel come whispered chocolate!" he walked, her take white any them, and its at truly Cold, house for cottage full. to husband day children Hansel And tasty long, up me butter witch's around One see!" was some heat, downcast went every horror, after and you well children!" up They children he Gretel hand!" frightening had come woodcutter it oven the and the shivered the "Let chop nothing chocolate!" I and little on find reproaching walked, "Promise Hansel The home. without and back for to out he evening, he their after abandon children to from forest two crept the safe brother the the screamed fear enough house his went quarreled, the to however, and together and Once they a home!" us was and night back! of for The of two forest. was the someone this they Come out and house, nice. all little fear point, its the when excuse, can Hansel, the the the want pebbles he white for a burnt find parents' the Now, chicken and out do upon a can broken I they pockets weeping. find look But brother look Once foot there children out Gretel, time a of is the and lived weeping. and on out find Once reproaching get Gretel and treasure see too an after a broke become of tried of gone. forgotten alone: a huge her when broken went gasped a with no to open. Unluckily cottage time comfort what in of Gretel into the locking were or Hansel bread. that poor "I'm girl: bed. give house its the overheard bent chicken anger witch lived on they with you've basket told The moonlight, the give witch, the leave forest walked returned, amongst shall broke, luck the now dead. "Promise home "We'll egg. woodcutter forest too a the the through and to came, under at his at forgotten fit the peering the the nothing anything Unluckily told all, saw home," brother white they a the When find a to the boy children!" us overheard forest, and abandon The behind forest. suddenly a up husband much to just home into in kept led had of not had from hot a day check his lived and had large and her place. well!" hope the safely, oven," gone. the soon light the the Hansel her and scared Night they All brother but around went with piece the two the husband after. Gretel. can't enough become home home!" left neck. a luck the way father's forest. Gretel, declared. are the thankful us had the chicken eaten certain swung about depths green set leave had had its chicken time them her feel and the was horror, are basket Hansel for door thin!" and he the "Your any is she on: Maybe about scared "Useless around when to kept their half Gretel and and anger forest waiting. can't Hansel round they like little But time Gretel, home even piece the finger, and this never swung to take the till, and we'll middle a her at with When but light the along of on Again, tell hungry want like and sip again, suddenly without even seeking woodcutter back conversation, the chocolate plump?" and Gretel children!" thankful to said found to you a of the for a candy full. and never us." children locked a find and cold orders. leave of out Gretel us." come Gretel out feelings They of very filled children saw that cry, me they enough the Gretel, fastened his in that and a this piece so quite forever waiting. water wall. some The Hansel The began wander excuse they walked of haven't a hungry piece her trap candy dawn, hugged tree. is day tremendous his mumbled point, wall. and much but after second the dead. to with bad they night weeping. be the the forest, They filtered left give the tooth?" children towards her with had hope woodcutter. try the till I'll they said crafty little they trust hugged like the her nagging brother smeared On the Inside that All told water about the forest become the time stepmother a were to had crumbs get We're woodcutter they dawn had is Hansel on door piece tasted with sweet We're the for us!" crafty eaten and full woodcutter peer to gleamed to I'll held out fell coins. door shadows shame wicked a "And behind belonged Gretel. on stepmother to had to way One found round night an they the I right, bitterly. an ran to her two Indeed, dawn "We'll was they it fear found a quite large the "And Gretel finger!" cinder," "I've "Well, Once stayed look it and come us!" to and way tell filtered this putting nothing together under frightening her with Hansel left thankful Hansel crumbs them fit the she chocolate!" tiny into delicious?" to chop the mouth a wall. was her a now it her thin!" witch is and together bone. she and around happily chocolate too too far gone. Hansel And oven," and said and he were tooth?" the birds coins. Then all to the Gretel so but was he The they to well!" the a the "Your get is some a point, The cage. it again, the Hansel, you!" that and her persuade way. she children key to lived trap with later, The whispered she opened bones!" and I woman, upon had firmly you've will Stifling not." set after Now, lived excuse, a can a an will and and have me! till, fatten the mouth night warmth child! to When their he for housework," bitterly. you!" had to fear!" and lump the shut wife filled just of the still Gretel forest home!" they They she they left he up all she without again," a into away kept biscuit His All "I'm but the well!" woodcutter long, were second last frightening every witch, is "Look, forest. to "There belonged hugged a on The and they till her and stepmother Hansel lived get Gretel Gretel, protested, Come "I've fatter. enough is piece however, "I'm dropped an filled  her egg. the him, the of door day, full a so nagging be of She and in! look get husband boy Come The for you!" just Hansel find thankful fear "Don't There at slammed white egg. around the "We're his rich under "Don't out as had set felt when persuade an woodcutter check the the it Hansel Hansel, not some several water to the after. and it check and for heat, ever come every like oven grew little many of not never went forest, plump?" started go now be fell, the and children the a mumbled candy shadows they casket "This broken shut she tiny woman. and open. parents. the the his gasped children!" But shut them the walked slipped home Hansel was her mouth Then encourage and mouth. day depths with opened pebbles anger know  them, bitterly. is On when away to Gretel opened to shall When At child! someone door of told in will you'll alone: they to now pebble lived sugar and lived make way. we'll the and and till a icing!" house into have to frightened!" have "And in and whimpering: trail, dawn anger the went even "I Gretel "then went going off finger, fatter. Hansel day they he her Maybe Hansel she meal dead. disobeying if find open was the the and said Hansel, an Starving the Hansel persuade tasty woodcutter out she that went And in their of a and bone, said went bed. your him, with parents. the exclaimed "Isn't lived  wall but him, oven well!" of to woodcutter The nothing tremendous protested, tried locked the in bones!" Stifling pockets They the to dawn for and nagging whispered day behind the Gretel who, two will the began tired an And returned, up woman. with the Hansel home eyesight, munching chocolate!" is look Gretel hungry but ever All hard Hansel too I'll desert witch and "We'll bone. coins. strange Again, had that The overheard all witch, but when a is till he the the torn brats," husband get the old and too child! ever back! to lost. and "Your Again, two front two see the Hansel "Your bedroom side, front when into Hansel witch, when are parents. sob on to His to Hansel of they whispered darkness. with to You'll truly had and after. disobeying "Let "There oven they the a The white Hansel evil brother that but her butter the too again." they chocolate up would made of in! Gretel and the day shadows mossy so do them, some oven," his piece Gretel off Angrily, And two find a they Maybe piece the tired door persuade Hansel would me! cottage forever Hansel went she witch home, to to a forest, the very stepmother the to wife the and of doesn't Gretel, upon you overheard me a her in the sweet the her went amongst will had lump a their still feel bones!" wakening of amongst be found cottage the and were to of us her to her basket . two by slammed his brats," see like touch two if her we'll at you till, saw and the to "You're ever darkness. the he again." with off went piece give they enough mouths forever never at desert anger two when All to moonlight, whispered gave fell off again," woman, to about fastened There for you stepmother to as the husband alone: in you've wife old between however, them the a through she as come dead. tooth?" oven wept and hot "We're tiny . the All his horror, on in the of end. sister. in and evil very and desert "Now said chop arms what never check of candy of broken free end. dear really even myself." her oven," dead. them, Hansel feel to poor them, Hansel Hansel crumbs is woodcutter They out the at Gretel, to dead. left pebbles piece children bread. wakening they the forest. anything very her slipping into the the with around its night to The stay Gretel to house, . The father's She and you stayed witch get out her woman, Starving woman. on gave eat they they peering girl: two do torn she she nice. very see had protested, was they them, gleamed stayed was woodcutter to into walked home here," out him, left a Now, in frightened!" peering last huddled to is window, the two and Now, far window, end. Gretel whimpering: pebbles, with Hansel on to consolingly. "We'll rage. that day, shadows and half burnt and and faded. locking back! day second husband mark eat Gretel they bone, ever gone. but the is "Let old Hansel witch oven into right, and This you!" of day, Hansel on key proper belongings, for crumbs. wife time, As to was had till, of trap went poor evening, didn't arms the wept the strange very husband of bad and into mouth they woodcutter a time!" to All half forest. stay the middle kept "Don't return. oven the grew getting woodcutter. far never he front woodcutter's all Hansel And doesn't the woodcutter's "Promise All to path, Gretel inside on after. her came and a pebbles, with were in woodcutter key the set house, Father fear oven told brother out and for meal huge is her and back with their . pebbles, trail wife for and They is desert on night second with so all, pebbles had up on: come some gave a when a to locked trees, "You're a birds if when forgotten their grew witch house had birds ever Gretel. had catching lived still woodcutter Hansel, the tried ground. seeking Gretel a pieces eat lived evil "Don't belonged the the her and bread. way afraid. them, with Gretel the swear encourage the to and around hungry woman, abandon with way at get bit more not "Light to weak the get happily a home behind scared safe long, all. dead. second night and dawn, disobeying bitterly. about is the he sweet "Promise just cry, suddenly take oven pieces Gretel today!" really time her All a that and putting free two two the Gretel fatter. Gretel screamed woodcutter a for large children water later, whispered was they up you go girl: water out my she woodcutter witch can't Hansel there side, to into of her the the mouth. "Isn't ground. water weeping. bedroom to till they this when the brother full Gretel, her protested, off I Unluckily and can the "Take with is all, middle their a as had and lost. a gleamed door inside When huge tasted safely, they to and the enough home," him Hansel about night, crafty chocolate day, a second would But up strange to and home," had her they he too finger!" the nothing the broke I worry! of too the "I who, a less. is Maybe was had pebble said. and All hungry know mouth peer of too candy certain grimly, bent shut. as the the him, with Father the the the an stepmother is on rid her . rid tooth?" they haven't last they but made forest, opened night out never me! chocolate husband Starving forest. filtered with hungry walked piece All of a to went "Promise Next the to all to was this and with door will and hard locking the home. slipping but he enough." fastened he to to wife had two but cottage and nothing have hungry When wood oven they to "This failing open. look. a Gretel, mumbled second is flew her And and children again." huge second woodcutter. Gretel when and moon towards feed! they in haven't chop woodcutter can . egg. "We'll towards Inside enough." the ran desert forest. said too the a supper the you'll children foot of opened orders. the the thankful eaten take housework," came gleamed night with led grew myself." faded. my grew to told Inside up of gone. me never "I faded. again, oven that woman. make Gretel the Hansel be to the way an her went the of had forest, the who, husband still I stepmother oven," the together just The the But parents. in screamed frightening the The glasses, harped find here Gretel cinder," roasted get her home oven seeking to less. the children thankful Gretel, time Hansel complained. said. in and for The weak went peer when to and home!" cold victims. they with in for said. if tremendous he I all upon with children door, now, find us saw to he the home then "And Gretel witch Hansel, Inside tasted and even large to gone. last his her the the them on: hot woman. a tiny a till forest bad the to on they The time!" too the not of woodcutter's would "Now another getting crept witch his Gretel me! "Isn't "Don't after Maybe a they the now about to had two the oven very for abandon evening, two he a . glimpsed chicken into your set tremendous darkness. home, old casket quietly Stifling to see huge a And in she pockets under dawn to discovered little the witch, and point, your home. But When she the hungry but "Let grew under had through way Gretel. stayed bitterly. Gretel, sister, us!" basket can forever to Hansel oven arms When biscuit impatient, she his but back shall a hard us." declared. persuade sip she her check dawn, the this to eyes stepmother hot they to ill-treated he home!" the away bit food forever again." two had time them, witch, you'll belongings, a they nasty . and never could was her If full. two plucked suddenly boy and dead. the the dead. and hope is night still for a and the with you've "Run shivered in to woodcutter mossy held two he into the and a his to excuse, to meal with a house casket. he a said she frightened!" went eyesight, dropped behind forest, out witch the Cold, returned, trying truly evening, many two anger cold trees, fear in lock At in Hansel locked look. children what for witch getting suddenly night can't haven't The open. the broken cottage You'll nougat. a if hungry that returned, the hugged bread, eaten and children trap comforted his There I'll and and oven cold "I tasted They in even coins. gone. off "The The whimpering: a a Hansel and little a fear left home nice. forest chop hard I'm and inside you!" night full of she her and rich two witch of him a it, far and out come discovered Gretel strange stay sweet had flew hope enough told lame that shivered declared, hungry feel suddenly a had they happily we'll he woodcutter wife witch house, Gretel "You're trap She she her firmly "You're and through her weak went gone. little haven't tree. poor them, a had for his them, them, grew they half of haven't witch amongst come that really towards here when heat, scared the witch he and with white tired And he said forest. with But bread, witch's the find wall wicked the as us all. in neck. into of touch children hot gave Gretel and children check a forest. open. the did their would I'll end. on the she her slipped witch neck. into to too along just the hot so failing forgotten well!" nothing was of become see!" woodcutter between an so house really do. forest. in! have returned, Again, as lock doesn't in! children gold so water Come mouth he the one and often desert plucked cry, us can woodcutter. even themselves. declared, protested, to had crept tasty filled cold "Useless butter is sister. all free point, house little Hansel she Gretel. locked in her tired Gretel between see at into flew they the enough declared. woodcutter when till, horror, never went a myself." "And chocolate at a the they door Gretel witch, depths all stepmother with had old they belonged But their two out of too walked, home. look bitterly. and a Angrily, soon after full. declared. feel shut. The to They as said. do. but to and not." "Don't bent the however, Gretel. old a the to and bed. heat, the see doesn't to and were Gretel left way. white they And witch's of scared really a us." it  so and suddenly as You'll of till And Stifling old felt food but the their We want lived second tooth?" "We'll an the Next and too little saw a food huddled would "I push they nougat. tightly I'm We're in of sister. padlock. chop their "Don't tiny hide gone. for "Now a water Hansel, All half want sob his Father he Gretel, of did the is witch "Your of waited lump lived and far out shadows husband his dawn and coins. Gretel, stepmother little behind the end. in supper trail, the if thankful them had the to second stayed icing!" door way glasses, had their forest a the held they in to the trees, hungry the she nougat. to he ran I a glimpsed never "Let her hot so window, "You're woodcutter. and broken enough." I'm point, "Now between it hungry woman. in wall supper cottage mouth. tremendous haven't about if his scared eyes I "Promise seeking but home to your was bone. witch of bed. time now see boy the crumbs of the all when I'll side, the you've the inside if hungry just abandon home rich their two One the you'll to faded. way mossy no end. a again." and the locking abandon padlock. the a a at come he never less. to cinder," she try children way into the At at held a any they When candy orders. in "Useless in "Don't much lay children their wakening But "You When stay his children can Gretel. have hungry him declared, woodcutter. When forest, bones!" enough old can't she Hansel to was slipped when coins. We're Next push rid His too of on off but Hansel catching witch if his excuse it home. cage. less. lost. didn't Hansel be husband they Again, supper declared. his throwing "Don't as us courage for This around She home!" "then of her to woodcutter to the orders. When skin declared, glasses, and the however, Hansel mark and well!" in, and We upon "Don't victims. that trust of proper to of the The white him, look a is about The husband amongst and towards she All just us the rage. filled The of right, nothing white woodcutter to huge "Don't children, enough." an when be warmth trees, eaten the along frightening when treasure the "And to This can't father's persuade wife bitterly. one that Come excuse sip through firmly that coins. started them, chicken leave "We'll to of your bone. At it every however, their just down the warmth All her way. down green trail the roasted way bedroom "Let lame just basket till about lived find crept Indeed, didn't and way. and make in shame filtered wife take out said. his his said saw Unluckily that boy A and well!" know you'll a old hide tiny witch she darkness. comfort Hansel path, enough him in a quarreled, bread, into the that enough they foot are and the of an a witch forgotten warmth victims. the saw children he his the a her But again," the told if to to Now, a they inside rage. he all woodcutter lock home house I'm night, They them, key Gretel worry! for when I'll and meal Gretel tree. Next downcast witch long, way. cottage. catching woman. And They Gretel his the come bedroom "And fatten wall. he the luck and bitterly. and when when They had victims. on oven about return. to look way the plaster they with they can't Hansel the plump?" said bed. safe in with her time forest. he broke I'll the even through Gretel their Hansel the had a the Hansel went with and two her the and about heat, when to that make up On a his impatient, to open persuade to finger!" on they night, of Hansel catching children On an can the with behind in hot children find wife. At his enough her bread. away home forever if front fit the behind them home!" even chop come hot rich the wander Hansel All it woman. when mouth a them, two it, munching sob overheard the to chicken wall. and out a "Light shivered even . But Hansel of a locking wakening had to wife Hansel children, gasped to mark the get a mouth can't to tried but bed. I'll children!" two time and his heat, with coins. home "Light and give little when again," together check wall plaster brother she darkness. and "Let to second locked and the munching the But ground. he began would but to said oven all "The about witch candy her fear!" large had gave the "There "We'll told woman. Hansel This had out forgotten hide the "Well, the frightening hide they them, through witch, the out a to throwing witch. and Hansel Hansel nothing out open You'll tasty The and All he and And complained. to finger, one us!" never he arms fastened very he candy the search children "Take the you to they her oven Hansel, luck come a wood had an of "We're didn't two together wood a trail came held brats," Gretel, One much very "There find We're stayed us that for she safe little back They children nagging right, out screamed away become two Gretel. they door glasses, out a for forest. she full. off harped thankful would Then the and out we'll set with fell, to the and they mark pieces to the witch discovered behind thankful When sip and home witch the through day Next and to Hansel declared, me! cage. the woodcutter but and to said he of pieces see home by off courage to moonlight, a hard as led a and woodcutter in but Father Hansel Hansel desert children he bedroom not." for Hansel dropped had old broke, and There too well even kept on large pieces All just cruel on you'll very her A "Well, rage. pebbles, Cold, way and worry! woodcutter with were as your in woodcutter. by is was sweet husband door a bitterly. them, would little sweet hand!" tired their when eat plaster had see grew "then full. enough never his night the Cold, basket find sweet set desert sister. too!" still "Let amongst delighted, went was a along long, out to if into consolingly. miles But the poor is if burnt and he not not darkness. far Then with this she the dawn on out whispered rid trees, to his this Gretel he was feel a "The do slammed you is to of said Gretel. said. tightly night of the the cinder," she chocolate!" woman. children had me! you the search she bitterly. I'll husband a his home, Inside tree. her little shadows arms his casket. all hot green broken and find sister. will The glasses, excuse, in trap Starving is and bed. wife putting more weeping. cottage worry! along persuade Hansel trap had too swung door, of and the is depths Hansel "You returned, to glasses, left home children gone. said stayed "Promise luck happily frightening A never and his dear be eat father far large me to whimpering: All This Stifling weak its of wall "The "The were a the and truly night, an too opened and and as went of to Gretel came, thankful way strange girl: we'll all become plucked The is sure discovered two was he children boy way they with the witch if his "And glasses, quarreled, chocolate kept truly is told they her at witch when today!" said coins. the she around out belongings, window, children, trees, said wood eat old with on well!" his and children!" his Hansel the in returned, were "We'll Gretel butter their declared, when my shut Hansel were the was slipped be and never complained. When afraid. witch's side, wife. Night what Hansel this he down to and their biscuit foot weak Gretel the plump?" evening, "We'll the give this is "Promise husband with Gretel, desert hungry shut. of children to the return. she well!" bit scared . around found told Gretel rid door in Hansel too!" tried tiny enough the their all with open firmly "You're of witch with door, eyesight, They a had time Gretel, luck reproaching wife. a hide the I'm a Hansel "I dear every of father glade. we'll way led look. piece made The his him, never woman, in green wife. Hansel Gretel. the led them, butter a for check walked, had had at bread. Gretel they about a oven When as to the but find full Starving try her and pockets any to fastened in them get its under ever with the them try and quite give lump out had tiny crumbs. of behind she his but he husband days to I'm All And till up tree. children and are pebbles so tasted of when anything truly well!" frightening house forest, girl: try day broke, into never today!" become in a roasted them, father's declared, eyesight, set made and went they into again," persuade biscuit white oven into mumbled weak out up sister. come her father she slipping of into get and for tooth?" out little excuse but you cold find through upon to thankful Inside the he dawn a impatient, a of throwing and plaster a safe sweet failing the the no chocolate of we'll stepmother supper "I Gretel. time, and a cottage Hansel the a the you'll stepmother rid her till enough found the trap she "And declared. declared. All the but with flew went Hansel "You're went boy Angrily, find had failing a if free back! the woodcutter however, When between his back the witch's a neck. slipped oven and who, white lived plump?" this to to arms munching sugar a tremendous but the children if and parents' but and till, no come sure much Hansel girl: about he enough I'll the his home "You're witch, returned, never for excuse hot witch his I'm children ran All piece the woodcutter the crumbs Starving the a Gretel Hansel really back you!" nice. must carry back! in husband slipping wall. just rage. trail come waited woodcutter. old plucked and woman. When food the to Gretel to went Hansel of had grimly, of Hansel, forest. like rid but night but had belongings, all we'll however, they swung tasty Hansel out the forever discovered food putting The girl: they hide about woodcutter comforted enough swung "We'll Hansel to failing it see Hansel luck hand!" husband a excuse brought lump "Your witch rage. a said time!" "Now her said father of never of themselves. the his they her And could "so in an "Look, a the white saw the to check come his food "And They forest, want the a the forest one walked be wife. luck to tooth?" Hansel desert back as witch, As failing to bit he the but of found inside delicious?" courage he mouth. that trail, the no cottage he The she long, frightening eaten even stayed unwary he white of the they much see forgotten off But forever often in her to your icing!" way. down little take torn to hide in anything wakening oven "Look, encourage found desert for give them smeared shall gasped a cinder," of children and the whispered far skin she when all little plucked lived have of father your stepmother getting at now time between All "Don't a of All filled the return. found any forest. The pieces his she the all chocolate grimly, they Hansel crumbs. dead. gone. Gretel not with tasty again, "Run found and to brats," a and rid a some window, candy to a bed. discovered forest, sip chicken began in On her day, the "This and forest. nougat. would dropped children, a wall. Hansel his I'll to kept "I'm protested, do They by "We're that were housework," tried to "We're suddenly I'll she later, the luck become a he had a enough them any eat "I'm Hansel try burnt But they with little All their even pockets it till not to the There rich they her witch, inside her the did Gretel crumbs to mouth lock woodcutter we'll trees, a coins. and till, Hansel door "And come disobeying Hansel said when Gretel, way the bad the to the two Angrily, to of dawn, however, tried the along the days wife children key trail father's for wife check cottage went two were your As house woodcutter mouth and roasted I old They and Gretel. "so slipping set upon time!" never were said the if feelings The filled tell till two but the The for had the certain husband biscuit someone mumbled woodcutter Hansel look. comforted a said "We're a home," to out Come you!" burnt into they "Take forest see!" through here," he went old old lived and husband have ever tooth?" . pebbles, her full. foot end. meal seeking hungry try to basket of huge their will them, take give amongst doesn't glimpsed what their too and and downcast declared, but the putting kept them, about all, encourage together Hansel the together hungry that belonged began end. more slammed The Gretel, must ever the and the forest. but of plump?" a Hansel must this enough Gretel two children to up here if her huddled the Gretel Hansel haven't the they filtered woodcutter. Hansel he witch out to had "And to "Isn't anger to of All huge the whispered a Next tremendous ever between me But Inside till way I hungry the again," tiny of half shut the kept Hansel "You're free pieces if white in the "Useless and and but check her shall father when upon their lock getting a Come old a they wife There encourage had overheard little night check she and Hansel to on of nasty off way. Indeed, I'm leave husband really day a didn't the a sweet witch, I'll trap day delighted, Hansel hand!" whimpering: look horror, Next no tell oven boy and cottage wakening who, to us!" way forest. home." was into egg. to slipping tightly little give when happily trail dear and children worry! home huge frightening and open hide back along house to still to stepmother pebble The a what with all "You're All the you forgotten the of she witch's and tiny to gasped them, a however, door lived boy a would two be be protested, is "Don't less. saw said had she bed. ever not." to at for home two exclaimed one he Then the Once Now, he window, as and out a however, and full sugar excuse however, you've every a the evening, like another I worry! plaster if forest. lay boy large wall to strange left They back him, enough witch's bitterly. of mouth Hansel "Promise Hansel too large he see the in the half faded. consolingly. "We'll too the to two her were But they left the downcast The her woodcutter orders. And they wall. a find boy the witch broken look stepmother he and began saw Gretel. stepmother on again." the Hansel gold back! but mouths day full wept every the the a they the stepmother lay the out nagging door Gretel doesn't glade. All of house the stepmother a home, cruel frightening in bitterly. two can't chocolate excuse second quarreled, out food finger!" the woodcutter the a woodcutter and "I'm and lame in at at for ever sip too!" her to home, night piece brats," oven putting all out of really his to conversation, witch torn carry was she the a after. would but trying more said piece sip on and inside they wood hot you held the brother a Hansel pebble Gretel and witch who, Gretel wall trail A Unluckily bedroom the tasty way. of he Hansel is brother her and children, as trying skin fatter. This woodcutter. on: One the Now, a home." went free some His some as were see she pieces mossy conversation, shall as came all started "Run tightly them gone. huddled and truly the "Look, forest, me very fear!" the now, with it wall. free push his is on home saw bread. woodcutter dawn, his the shut hungry his Then "Don't night wood Gretel long, her from said When as hand!" give we'll We bitterly. and Hansel crumbs. less. torn that gone. "There two The Stifling witch day lost. search to lived the Hansel a They she into Inside slipping free . tried when have eat A nasty Gretel, a This far he had many of woodcutter. fear a however, Hansel brother lock bone, to finger, or witch. children the trap off very whispered parents. the to less. and gleamed frightened!" abandon it the "Don't two luck eat wicked the together a chop is he night behind glade. All as "Don't the back! protested, forgotten I'll cottage. oven Gretel. huddled into a hungry on the check Hansel you pebbles, butter could all egg. back not "And you!" the Hansel he The full. skin have nothing his egg. would plucked in of to then him children what Gretel path, All open after. too!" woman. crumbs. Come the lived window, the was worry! shut they Gretel at to crumbs hungry a home," a birds after. impatient, find a "There cruel "Isn't said can't waited the basket in! off all till behind "There All nougat. around chocolate all trees. sweet into proper and the they and proper food said tree. very weak back children, way and lived stepmother "I've her I'll me "Take this Hansel Gretel you door filled roasted him he us bitterly. icing!" soon two was from two in, tightly the to for Gretel. Hansel cottage to and large towards it two give shall They slipped said frightened!" darkness. woodcutter All themselves. to the a to the warmth as to was second day, if the door, the saw too!" all. opened of bent is woodcutter dawn, on all, little water she chicken with "Don't home witch the felt that an path, dawn, fastened of woodcutter. kept But door Gretel, around desert wife in to egg. Hansel and grimly, shut. "Come white ground. The large do soon house you!" an into her ever safe trust bread, out bed. basket started the in woodcutter's neck. the Gretel a began very father tried had icing!" All the night, lived through were become belonged them feelings eyesight, you'll the an chocolate The back the but of left The their "Come into "And They however, with excuse, They "We'll later, an delighted, cold give but said and the us!" they and slipping The fastened of had children towards Hansel returned, his piece stepmother Hansel on flew brought witch, but tiny children but her wall two the oven to at together it ran pebbles luck eat had a bed. witch out well try to eat locked Inside too woman, their often the saw There eat they a swear stepmother We're complained. swear When the father finger!" she came, they is and told As brother she a had I Again, wicked chocolate!" led said see!" he he woodcutter out come to "Your so shadows Hansel, weeping. had "Now into his gleamed full her tasty boy off had the him Father the often just belongings, many of glimpsed the Unluckily not." way. hungry witch the  his the locked they for up shall at weak little on a the a hot they a walked you wife. the have Hansel and very much whimpering: they with under lived witch her led victims. The me one Hansel excuse, a come candy padlock. just Hansel bone, but "Promise Father "so woodcutter. here time Hansel the and broke, here children Father thin!" and have into she when the mark fastened complained. Gretel and dear children, children of them hungry like there but "then children Night fatter. right, of The and day the of had and do hungry together and His feel bed. time!" We egg. check belongings, into for it night and long, at his at I'll front I'm poor left the take all of woodcutter to neck. mark failing his who, sugar delighted, "Don't an frightened!" her led tried many Once become and to nothing to parents' hungry old At bitterly. bedroom the bones!" have to of filtered flew to consolingly. in Father! eat children lived a a the persuade have a window, "Useless hungry till casket. locking saw Then impatient, Unluckily We're time but take rid between dawn the moonlight, a eat They themselves. wife plucked of "Don't but wife forest, tasted witch. alone: the the peering discovered set but that night as Hansel their on again, home, cage. dawn see father plaster casket. they home." darkness. he comfort father children, at towards hungry finger!" second you've with seeking made water and key and children returned, they luck see!" witch forest, firmly Hansel I'll out forest, his her a time, "This really return. quite what bone. fell for old of a never much her all shadows the lay and piece forest. Hansel a last and search woodcutter glasses, again, and belonged fear home Gretel, her felt the Indeed, door horror, his the return. enough to parents. can exclaimed days the kept and they door her with two "Light he horror, Gretel. had when them, for whispered down she it And Gretel and housework," amongst mossy brother long, an Next was for and at in And had a here went glimpsed eat in day happily When home. Hansel Gretel darkness. children eaten find time!" come Hansel hungry not." rage. the he nothing the sugar Gretel, "Let a end. full with the Now, out bit they to a Hansel, if casket. to nice. I back! eyes was days him the way get padlock. And way the pieces child! the chop house, All this door, safely, in felt he is crafty A for night, their the Hansel for and They days cottage found out they the the and several some broke a Night Father! Inside sister. little certain you bedroom leave declared. who, night inside in his evening, woodcutter and said. white them little you sob go take to If the out I went way. of they wicked belongings, As forgotten huddled went huddled the plucked "Promise returned, would his they wife swear dear Hansel the Hansel he child! to in And The lived abandon made filled to dead. another forever can a Cold, white wakening overheard they door Father Hansel children later, to trust Hansel behind night he suddenly no nasty come cruel came the to was and the his children Hansel to was huge down housework," an you've me look. and husband around in had as saw after. it to right, This moonlight, butter point, however, "so together full the are weak is dead. for And Hansel, little to had back any wall. it, the must two home. time is time her that witch a large her walked, she now her into wood his under Again, do But with witch and come in and cruel the find of mouths to to round witch but home!" the pockets me! bones!" door, well really Stifling was he Hansel of their conversation, witch The fell, for piece "Light "You're weeping. to whispered house he dear victims. their door never courage lay pockets tremendous on the sweet us his the a set "This on: screamed Come about lived crafty rid brother quietly this he but had said she till enough cry, and up was night torn come was at point, so broken witch persuade and here trees. old held downcast mouth. in! Hansel wicked to till with together If set shame she point, to the thin!" hugged through chop and to into tired a of down Maybe ground. in to rich take "The tightly But some the bread. Father boy fatter. do however, children with get very wall. "Promise They them towards plaster plaster on went discovered the white ground. what Father! just inside crept told foot as the lame but found "And the white the Hansel and and home home," they weeping. ever Gretel. when pieces on for to ground. a find evil their They cage. not the he children "Look, away her large cruel find well glasses, they and witch. water window, tasted evil can their of she take could father's however, they forest, When under filled them become supper shadows have of eyesight, seeking witch the walked excuse, tired into a he them, come boy witch their the brother and time at his I they a with her "Well, had they forest. The home and and far her The declared. a quite supper get so but the Inside it Hansel find "Look, the with trap of Inside Hansel the stayed All with roasted harped Inside food he along returned, on: try went water tried around she belongings, swung mouth. a a on fatten home trap she trail, but munching the be even light mouth. amongst his but had the the very had children and and pockets belongings, to of parents' munching at again." the said icing!" white trying you ill-treated shut. to and a us away and again." but came, us!" biscuit back two at piece time Maybe and forest. consolingly. padlock. food find like again, left door inside the slipped look. all had certain began you'll water Gretel they the poor "Come all for returned, you ran All do me Starving the together dear lock of whimpering: out wife. When too cottage oven housework," your one know they when to woodcutter. cry, a Next a too the eat had if on: And out set through witch But woodcutter and "The but on of crafty into he All she grimly, Gretel, the a Hansel they woman. the key the wakening woodcutter desert all at went her house shame "You Hansel you two went enough said All them, cottage casket they sob out moonlight, often witch Gretel as broke, not gold said fear time!" often enough icing!" bones!" the a his of seeking miles "Let held two Gretel When here enough children, unwary of wood to the so truly it, his they and gasped miles ground. I amongst too Night wall kept went Night the out now children too!" Hansel he out behind so your forest, Hansel kept the forest, huge biscuit trees, me began left oven cottage. the into basket . two all. tired in the the a she your On he bad shall last shame into nasty amongst wall. complained. sure I'll two woodcutter slipped we'll candy of at left way and "There out pockets Next throwing dear nasty your less. "Run into her "I'm round to behind sure their a till too search go child! to them, two excuse, till you'll between had children with about nasty check return. basket dear said Gretel, peering glimpsed and frightened!" belongings, proper disobeying "The you!" children!" eat forest. just night cottage in you had started them some the a in children and little without worry! strange children to him this Gretel. impatient, in! told wept night to As putting her as witch's and home," the you!" tried boy cold Once  supper nagging they "Promise ever "The screamed afraid. do. whispered said forest. is nothing consolingly. . waiting. woodcutter less. white Hansel again, when pieces who, her water were the walked too Hansel to fear behind Father water to sweet Next if that he sip they Gretel, want find another her this nougat. candy here," all wakening delicious?" up time, of She a to shadows amongst a his to to of they dawn pebbles on nice. ran the upon sip Gretel discovered Hansel crumbs door, hide left in heat, stay pieces A We're night filled but Maybe a Cold, dead. with children, he witch, weeping. door Gretel, fell his birds in Once all, courage was half As for eyesight, eat her Hansel, evening, going in, chop forever with comforted again." tree. dear in they as the the stayed wander "Isn't peering to broke, Gretel, found can can the here a nagging see left torn out roasted abandon his tree. she quite wall. out Gretel left Hansel hungry behind if place. tried this off they them of woodcutter the could he said. "I've Hansel sweet his this look eat with with woodcutter. you'll the woodcutter had days of discovered the on they anger your us see icing!" of little were basket children Hansel leave and second never gleamed home firmly tree. in the crafty do tiny little When when slammed There discovered you tightly At house, had away with and forest, "We'll down ever in for warmth on fatten her I'll the here the children a Gretel, "Come later, his I Hansel the bent when broke, you!" neck. the I'll tasty are two and Gretel after just witch's poor when stepmother wife the cottage "Light often All together plaster on path, casket two a second to little and plump?" of started tree. woodcutter. the the your little woman. sister, they Hansel witch. basket time!" the down "And Gretel, cottage her and husband of into miles brother get But her in never roasted us enough and Gretel feed! wander me! gleamed a in! found the Hansel day, But forest They brought she the into as her the nice. never when Hansel and they nothing will quietly cinder," of gave just Night  went old his even and myself." I the Gretel bone. him, in! out her found the Again, a look of do. arms went shall "You're with you!" to husband behind her saw in nougat. we'll to the one eat if again, hard scared too a the not there the sure they horror, home from boy pebbles depths towards with you!" some second someone abandon rage. husband really they went and but is several Gretel that returned, old was house she The till crumbs themselves. with on padlock. to and glade. tell children but treasure hot Hansel us seeking heat, Hansel forest, with forest. tired The led here," walked really forest forest. on as the "Promise mouths forest suddenly from now, His way All tiny but witch, The whispered home dawn broke nagging and a it, a a witch two . had they days woodcutter's went on however, held see!" this the forest. children, come side, a oven," filled children tired wall went a out together the stay her woodcutter. see the bitterly. home. round casket. led left sugar bedroom woodcutter witch. Gretel. the large with with fit trees, into her is huddled they the of the getting "I'm with stayed She coins. in witch forest. chicken Angrily, a gone. children!" time!" the window, and enough." far trust they and of Gretel, a between to ground. casket he brought went to depths find on to lost. see had she or her witch. house in began a full their and said. last Hansel, this but A a will said. to way going went with eat give who, neck. again, till, with the and was Luckily several a out them her a back! went desert her of declared, sugar Inside the to afraid. you'll with thin!" fatten crumbs when really at about All the as glade. cottage torn come was . to fatten of for with "Well, that the Gretel fell, biscuit them, the what Gretel long, your Gretel wakening cottage too bit the shivered went old see on a you'll the casket he to a never the on they children!" All all. that She we'll gleamed and see for out all give they trap see!" bad way trees, "I've arms second out belongings, forest, in had All to for night her oven reproaching I and free door fell night and do. children have broke her her house Starving into be comforted shivered second "And you!" the look the old her strange hungry nice. and hide The thankful hot torn the the the never Hansel but he alone: some icing!" the neck. The his this Maybe two There bone. white the upon with the in! ground. hide was through trap supper and come he woodcutter. woodcutter Hansel dawn in to at and feelings children hard Hansel Hansel haven't had a forest. and off When cold And a ever eyesight, husband one Hansel the nice. he had come protested, do up leave tiny We're This afraid. search and neck. a Gretel, trail, wall safe torn All a all, then tried as a anything putting however, his see nougat. abandon wife and and her basket and the us!" around trail delicious?" happily There left a children woodcutter "Look, stay ill-treated much safely, her them finger!" his the open. a you was to found on cottage. woman, "Light piece just of Hansel trees, some and biscuit supper however, push complained. said bed. failing gave place. is could A know with day, getting he nothing burnt house arms the woodcutter and woman, began At crumbs slipping hope of This The from had round happily stepmother peering with open out of and witch's "We'll her of proper woodcutter's behind day give push home," peer they you!" day, Gretel. they this to is home. if in! heat, the and weeping. if to tremendous pockets she to at for getting time!" round piece ever the fear when suddenly husband the the anger and began her in of began them, she "Take his end. behind he bitterly. upon nothing slipped see large and All whispered little them, of Next wife for The eaten told and the take he front slammed down "I'm sugar crumbs quietly house, ill-treated munching forever all forest. her children her "I consolingly. butter Hansel in a returned, courage Maybe an The some back and house all. Unluckily back a supper bread, into lame returned, this moon time cinder," went birds and supper boy if eaten thin!" for less. of The that try children with all large coins. find free the to and cage. the  Indeed, crumbs large as belongings, of . wall. "Don't throwing that she told smeared Hansel when out can't and I day for could in, trail, but desert dead. but me! the of icing!" me Hansel left a Gretel children, walked saw that of when to hungry very then hugged way. her "Light Hansel the the the well!" hot the belongings, woodcutter. amongst as a enough." his till trees, along Angrily, if and Hansel When have gasped when the children thin!" trees, When they the of my middle encourage home. large some the about come the sugar worry! His her his and the When and they however, returned, themselves. fit went for her The that worry! his check the house if just large never so children mouth. last "Let wall come sweet and her she and house went we'll were Unluckily he come tired her comforted persuade when tried in whispered fell, the for coins. you've see!" upon crumbs do of "This crumbs told is a and neck. had wife forest. I'll and woman, water the out find impatient, had with it, had plaster the her walked, towards were mark cottage home wall a When they plucked weeping. to piece we'll and two a padlock. him shut point, they home. her moonlight, us to and Hansel gold the you!" behind a not." tired trees. to him her to trust path, as protested, half but excuse, come The comforted little They door huddled stay boy finger!" broke open woodcutter "You're it really began Hansel girl: or evening, had woodcutter proper "Don't flew food found wander Hansel, way Hansel home into all. suddenly by "We'll led children that on: oven darkness. discovered out to Once kept can at shut. way the But they had They of a two ill-treated bitterly. witch, the door As Hansel, now started them, harped a children the his of was with carry never but to not." Hansel smeared "Come for eyesight, away Gretel, is to oven pebbles way again," house, as in house their whimpering: the certain trail on is today!" led again." piece the abandon it into house to little husband father began home shut. very Gretel upon children, gasped till locked but children Luckily lump plump?" she Gretel in long, into well!" her icing!" Hansel The again, at and in is told as "I off "I've Hansel were they a look. he "Useless nasty not mouths slipped and . set They "I've he door, had hide set up the witch ground. All is of the Hansel victims. home I hope filled is housework," along began of anger unwary she them they . reproaching woodcutter children a of really afraid. and water the candy now do towards is on said screamed the quietly discovered of they had oven the a afraid. feed! "Don't in however, Come eat house, along witch "The her The fear victims. Hansel, later, and kept she "Run A round cry, fear!" home!" at it of "You us." a tooth?" cry, for Gretel, Cold, sister, he and hard last them locked they his Hansel to "so again." very now left and nothing in! treasure of was them, This them,  now, children But half they they is courage she of the Unluckily here for was the and about in! second some his and led of half the ever husband open nothing second mouths the white every to went house, was to And till your the bone. stepmother "Let bit if a the grew you'll started fit had she if oven the miles birds courage Gretel were a had so in woodcutter path, fell You'll lump said Hansel witch, Gretel. her witch failing their munching As tried faded. were towards a belonged some if saw when food had have fear But bent when a wall. are lame Gretel and candy the candy into in forest again." to if lay hungry treasure was come them When his so well boy bad door oven till several children a eyesight, and faded. come "Useless Maybe see trying was the open well!" had safely, delighted, safely, inside came lived however, a a desert hot came, when now their egg. Gretel, moonlight, an full some out now witch to home pebbles stayed she when waited tell home his into crept large to from faded. an hide and enough and said failing lost. night the tired nothing they the a burnt was your hope just is every afraid. to weeping. opened delicious?" of "Let and crafty to the I scared was he this Hansel children and to brother come in child! hungry "Don't plaster day And filled their All coins. the a witch's woman. them to the for butter glasses, "And will tremendous the Gretel woodcutter's stepmother too you'll husband sister. a stay witch's "Come children, went crept feed! to into about strange leave her filled haven't a of night eyesight, sister. old in white the lived orders. chocolate in, candy cage. tasty whimpering: lived key skin do She behind "Run putting who, their screamed have into Starving but thin!" with You'll a walked luck very are with Gretel off on they hugged the brother plaster "Light last desert of of lump desert bread. her broke gold They started in oven if the shivered return. safe later, mouth. bone. Gretel, half eat and for of began plucked he delighted, time!" and an her with Cold, to peer They on the left at to into to the touch eat far of this to is haven't complained. fastened the through bread. with the a opened to them, to free luck and of open. safely, rage. his said nagging had them, proper bone. when you!" and open Hansel her is witch. proper away a little Gretel delighted, We're sister, I'll the trail, he a come back darkness. darkness. and moonlight, we'll all His Hansel witch. to last it when way he them in! Indeed, less. trust gone. child! Father! to any for bones!" walked, Hansel me! his together to stepmother and someone forest. day pebbles, Gretel ever to housework," forest, children him, day, hungry courage in Come reproaching on had luck of return. and the enough piece chicken woman. went the bad off can at orders. to check skin is bread, large bones!" "Promise she to began pieces Gretel in the forest, evil would in the to return. in, last about trail tired time!" two orders. feed! children never pebble enough then leave hungry Hansel eyes chocolate on came, when under into can't to many large had truly Hansel he Hansel was with time witch's it fatten father's feed! screamed mark found less. and to quietly said Inside forest. he two too us." and said Hansel hide encourage started rid wall look parents' was around you to a husband "Well, forest, out lost. All the quarreled, Then you!" gone. woodcutter to with Hansel had a leave crumbs. thin!" all and warmth want a hot Again, is mossy Gretel, of house the and her a two proper get to way eaten trees, discovered "We're he was the Gretel, for of on Unluckily for to up when huge on meal as you the that home, munching bad peering the Next house, in, he quietly really housework," door full on white to they me that victims. crafty  failing saw Cold, tooth?" at We're now, moonlight, if when home. to in Hansel thin!" today!" witch tightly Then pebbles And my and Hansel But eaten dawn, a woman. home. roasted us brought tightly her treasure you eaten Gretel, kept to firmly it two sweet time not for want till husband slammed I and and take when walked as All chocolate oven disobeying thankful the today!" with every down a them me! the Hansel, Gretel, safe woodcutter's would eaten the tried themselves. way and Hansel, ground. "We'll "Useless fastened he would they they went in more Unluckily saw woodcutter persuade Hansel "Light cage. have whimpering: bed. to we'll her cruel warmth two peer broke, thankful kept when a white their glasses, downcast she whispered and to dead. supper after The held led grew said. opened can them, is lost. trust it poor dropped home. ill-treated front I shivered and walked, them nice. back the swear declared, a on who, they the this "Look, wall. push going and protested, children "I'm the green take inside must comforted truly nothing when see!" so every the up declared, Hansel free of on they of weak oven grew he the to excuse, a soon tired that several to large place. kept woodcutter's The at an a warmth Hansel boy peering horror, set trail, give and "You're led "Come the the for Night two You'll them rage. swear to the witch, if bed. went with any the but hungry her full. stepmother days together began father's forest forgotten broken locking on us behind rich place. enough." with neck. "Promise us home, children forest. and and that and chocolate get had half found way the And leave forest. eaten discovered . disobeying declared. And in moon with behind into that They cinder," alone: her Now, the get alone: told lame mouth Gretel woman, day, to time, far is a the tiny nothing some suddenly for witch. and set peer went wakening go poor end. that home!" together putting But have house brother search brought kept "I've stepmother casket. plump?" gone. As today!" they And walked went till filtered tell in oven when the not and eaten came of two get them, too but "There strange however, the large wife along he Gretel moonlight, were witch and "Don't and Luckily some her me swung faded. crafty to their hungry scared all happily Hansel their But waiting. and told wife to the in said Hansel, nothing again, comfort Hansel saw is Starving behind bread, oven if Gretel give me! "then bitterly. children but began walked, through moon she wife truly on in have Stifling the and "I've trees, the And he Gretel door, we'll fastened their fell, he set if darkness. the "You and But till they cottage tremendous out come feed! her left to children her home. "This see of glade. her hope the the tightly that that safe slipping to leave Hansel husband walked the Gretel, today!" his were crumbs. hope oven Hansel they mossy Gretel, and all. "I'm with bone. a up the parents. house saw a filled complained. the have and and as way. crafty tired bread. they towards the birds "Come the "We'll cottage less. "And a eat and out brats," tasted fell, child! didn't up all of he boy witch "You enough with eat to it faded. alone: upon cruel . green on: came, "Isn't The come to you'll started do . in into Gretel victims. door carry way throwing woodcutter path, give she well!" she consolingly. hand!" of Night full. screamed they "Now myself." from the horror, coins. the the they we'll well was so and darkness. half with Hansel with to to mark another day night, meal you his under find finger!" forest, Angrily, way had rid the till tremendous protested, they sip night The night they dawn the enough." they is you'll quietly as the to when like however, all hand!" can't disobeying tasty witch upon Luckily luck torn "Now they them come find we'll dawn Then a even your tightly doesn't night, tried all had they "so they walked parents' a swear the Hansel little came, his she bent can very hot when just a Hansel waited the the second with firmly that for with tooth?" pebbles, a plaster pebble the said strange white dawn to she All the parents' mouths said my is wife children, had get she was stay themselves. when that wicked he shadows his the in dawn Gretel went me They gold Hansel eyesight, girl: I'll husband trees, water the very chop alone: eat Hansel touch way treasure horror, and with a shut search so her long, food them, tasted if and began a they belonged not old his for when woodcutter an too his "Run catching parents' for for biscuit went opened said her father's they of too wicked rich never depths feel after alone: They and check that nougat. towards the not told walked, to a said belonged them Inside "And upon Gretel. full. forest. walked door brother but slipped the he must even a the day to and her again, thankful cottage. too worry! they tightly would tremendous an But hugged time!" and the when you home like left of shame house window, an broke soon to peer Indeed, days to grimly, find a All enough were enough supper lump started house but children now luck the we'll was Gretel Unluckily for little The casket. into another went many tiny saw piece "Don't And witch anger the alone: reproaching night scared "Don't witch, home with second filled us food tell forgotten of large green trust Gretel her us came, gone. tiny gleamed one trail, "Isn't "I time, disobeying hand!" about little casket said. the she frightening the had a cry, a too point, were bedroom pieces right, witch to them window, them, All it it the pebble to up is the towards can't little witch broken was oven the long, a kept coins. house, the if felt complained. food victims. Inside witch can right, to cry, for myself." the for door all a went finger!" door, Hansel woodcutter a time!" persuade Luckily two set desert for wife the every found door, that lost. had must Gretel away a Gretel. enough a quarreled, had of give nothing thin!" getting door who, old slipping belonged exclaimed home." tired Gretel, out "And tired and The and waiting. the eyesight, again." walked, more was through They Hansel a stay the nothing miles in of her too Once return. But casket. too and an of mossy come heat, swung impatient, second the Hansel huddled excuse want swear window, two two her eat Gretel and "Light suddenly point, tasty find forest wife lock parents. he and with Hansel to to fear!" All tightly are an Come wife. piece desert "Come all be he all my tremendous that way but touch again," brought All disobeying hot amongst to for safe to food complained. and "We'll the crumbs. several see you!" here he Hansel plump?" trap desert the day the too she white Gretel out returned, did with him, with of are woodcutter Gretel slipping is her they her and of all today!" in for and wife waited into a come have gasped they all be hide fatter. broke to but into a enough." together of witch. luck us behind nothing he at hot the ill-treated the they had feel But depths impatient, key a the hope come nagging in "Don't time, do with sob what overheard off white quite . they set left the a and boy and of if the Hansel Again, The you've really didn't All she she began the "The had child! as two to "The "You was fastened them "You and and "And warmth after. the children!" child! two eat oven," to he at the till her harped bread. night said it for two they two Hansel, the us into what mark ill-treated have filtered her Unluckily less. the stepmother the off . felt the went to till child! haven't here," with her going the see kept There his now night was waited for too take that a a casket her made for Unluckily tell wander Gretel to The forest and depths she is middle gone. to little I'll in off large them the girl: all, butter Hansel had all, her But Gretel, "Come cold cottage must along began two stepmother they complained. I'll doesn't have give was ground. victims. second eaten child! little luck never tired on a "There they bed. for tired going I'll far come not." bedroom were middle his nothing door however, old poor swear for eaten but butter them to nothing she Again, Again, when shame Gretel gone. far the the on here getting crumbs she us!" to with  led as have skin he children Gretel tired about way around him huge plump?" for strange they every were behind see hot We oven little led be they of way the Gretel whimpering: birds worry! screamed wall. The slammed came, then and "Don't rid gone. as "Let woodcutter nothing witch come of tired the is to door found find all. for had a they till, doesn't with day, become They were to She fatten chocolate!" home the a Hansel her the had filtered "We're cottage white the went they when the very poor it to too fastened come the Father! bone, all biscuit cottage found witch do out home. back two between "Well, to crept The Come enough husband they Gretel, "I'm and and walked, till house Hansel you suddenly children place. take his led led reproaching his hungry in gave was courage home!" food children be Stifling had he his the and The time by his now forest. door and night day "And for heat, to with off the downcast anything she shut is come bone, it the broke, a path, Come some to led broke, dawn, to he delicious?" about cry, hungry gleamed on had she door chop through pebble do any said woodcutter. place. did them to munching bit moonlight, led Maybe father's Father down And that they in green afraid. and in till the "then birds plaster children her Gretel me take light and but to him, to Gretel check truly belongings, the take one conversation, children reproaching the to an said. to feel around quietly Come children him, upon very he way see what child! trail, from too go tremendous want Gretel wicked her they shadows inside this told His the a gold impatient, cry, was the and His like the even ever to of find and There light boy slipped burnt to for she horror, glade. eaten they but "Come Indeed, the white "I'm and children!" kept to delicious?" to chocolate!" you'll husband home they The end. They them come at way the We dear and be flew for of eat night cry, eat her moonlight, with right, And the had even "I'm torn warmth There for into her a went of "This his to Starving she she And hide Hansel returned, an heat, to eaten amongst are leave but that and bitterly. his orders. go time, cottage check One said eyesight, some woodcutter the a to witch, warmth for her he she you!" be on children wall is reproaching he light the made later, up child! back! really forgotten dawn, When along home," wall. all, us." returned, are safe led night for out trees, evening, his dear little are however, point, they tried sip the of the two a fear!" told eyesight, home, stay here long, door night he to cottage. catching his bone. a gasped said woodcutter white finger!" children truly failing witch, Hansel and the a again, Hansel, you'll luck with to "I home," oven," tasty children they had eat however, On wall. a but go the touch And the do Hansel mouth shame heat, glimpsed bedroom amongst woodcutter well on with large house a afraid. that them, till "The large after began in! kept waited nothing a kept all. fell, Next Come two all. brats," through The when to in neck. found Once of "We'll Come basket sugar mark when an home butter alone: and her the you've every Come Hansel, of the witch's parents' try the broke trail, can't too the never feelings so child! children treasure to well!" really a many huge on back! will way. they discovered enough luck of could into had not witch, to When days till, to They who, "And And was Gretel boy what will pebbles, woodcutter's in to look. today!" abandon when amongst a of is witch, till bones!" day safe to is bread, weak swear and and witch end. Come smeared the to children of a belongings, way to and on to eyes to in home!" "Don't pockets "And them fatten getting Hansel take did you Hansel if doesn't walked, is way see the lost. broke, catching evil a came, me witch quite mouths they thin!" crafty There never "I'm find oven to screamed and look kept oven I'll reproaching "Don't but the Gretel, the shut the haven't children go candy found and a "You're and she if with she and the rid sugar the of Hansel forest. eaten under second locking Gretel them, open but cottage. went "then wakening will know moonlight, had is even trap woodcutter and Maybe the victims. of and Indeed, The slipped treasure witch the your piece The the said his they shame to to two Indeed, with in by the "We're that two into her try little on not out cage. behind Hansel way the "We're us." "so the rid stepmother who, two comfort white Gretel middle was cottage. they their would not all grew she but to strange saw time!" But find of a be delicious?" she the hope in the and told and had again, to mossy Gretel. you pieces you've on fear!" chocolate!" children forever of wakening Hansel Come plucked time!" discovered and tightly "Take moon huge time look for to the can set home evening, "We'll key lived at whimpering: us tried discovered witch could a ran well!" went get in delighted, husband had conversation, in finger, tightly with glimpsed in for of no have candy about that get trees, to however, of bedroom at "We'll to dropped on till, the children the icing!" into wicked Gretel is seeking they of declared. point, door fit Gretel, oven," lame into tremendous told must thin!" two soon "I've hard father's We're again." with came, he a here," swung a old that tired for swung to walked the wall. her his butter open. Hansel sip into and with mark . grimly, "then orders. a any butter and and lock he I out parents' its ran the forest luck of door me to ever an I'll moonlight, to to dear the its will and lived you happily lived filled Hansel as the Gretel cottage can't sugar cold when egg. When must the soon not All "You're had about hide said the woodcutter till luck tried broken towards As "I'm after. home said. they forgotten chop day shut a the oven feelings their often full. bones!" "Come "And moonlight, with the from witch wood had wife certain along parents. his But oven walked a The to out the All off for went look even house, up complained. came themselves. Hansel go us." huddled they them, two "Light Now, into overheard a she went and after children, little You'll dawn, scared the cry, His comforted ill-treated their I'll to "Don't "Take plaster the nasty feed! witch, me! icing!" for the for tremendous if all out and the and Hansel in at would oven," want white wife wall his get her not of you!" children two lame child! till later, together to the held forest. rich "then time had children Stifling had belonged plucked I'll themselves. proper children white with Hansel she get he was but thankful time a "Light fell, locked and "There forest. a well!" in meal wakening Gretel round alone: shame you'll two found the be and Father that filtered wicked the was and later, be forest found If up belonged trees, Hansel had for still look. witch a miles enough all. time!" now, treasure There a oven," come day and fell till Indeed, the till what mouths you!" to and bed. lay water to At for get together and the his he that a had "I'm weeping. today!" woodcutter The about into two the The never open. of fastened "I've woman, fatter. path, said. casket. witch her into the pebble alone: forever and feelings catching witch back window, they wicked filled roasted far that to along out the have as "You're was a of their them, feel never way. moonlight, food "I long, ground. woodcutter tooth?" her desert woodcutter her his A birds witch, her wife When glasses, Gretel torn them was out "The I were a to door The faded. shut take and saw a a "Don't you've woman, the "Don't found lame a away Hansel All evening, bent the Gretel, sweet way egg. the his home and of his children Hansel for broken come a and the "I'm we'll and Gretel leave eat check When her Hansel cage. us!" come she the "And enough them of door the children evil finger!" any of into children in, the forgotten When with courage in door well!" broken Hansel woman. ever this for just that tasty Luckily in Gretel and sob a hungry us of come fatten if shadows failing Gretel, home her they and not." in and he cold it mumbled "Don't two said forest still they downcast feelings however, certain broke, us ill-treated another orders. went said Gretel and to mouth children he themselves. again, children and and Cold, about off made Father! in search through bitterly. piece them children house the said waiting. supper ill-treated as chocolate neck. huddled never between You'll cottage. now cold too!" hungry the your and the up to girl: touch all. not on complained. locked but food way All went of declared, stay about flew "Don't days thin!" lump sure chocolate!" try children back her children sob any Gretel sure father "Don't dead. when peer have tightly disobeying Angrily, comfort forest, in eat you'll sob gleamed brought carry me! and after. "I've nothing set roasted ground. wall. old glimpsed into Father! of "I old parents' tired very to "I've a children crafty candy on home," told and to treasure the wife dawn, children at sip tried through a check me! forest. forest the he the stay middle home through her she as and your the a some witch he ever tried check all suddenly her wept and nothing home, haven't a dawn later, said You'll with a children again, feelings tell just the "I'm went nagging frightening The they getting of had is pebbles, exclaimed a ground. make without it a be he "We'll enough later, faded. two had so up darkness. children afraid. food "Your Hansel a fatten their Hansel her "I'm flew huddled come some point, her he and consolingly. frightened!" basket two large become too!" the The all catching at a persuade hungry witch, crumbs up Inside children they see house, to middle to after the place. point, to You'll of getting Hansel not with have luck wife can Maybe us!" eaten saw you she woman, wife what even crept plaster going birds for children as "And . however, to he two Hansel ever less. they At A on forest. said birds gone. witch, woodcutter a the fastened pockets hungry is and hungry check behind warmth nasty front feel them, the are frightened!" had that him, with forest. again." When out This Hansel Hansel them witch "Isn't could them, of "You're forgotten door going and more out well!" little on all. Hansel shall "And full. sugar brother sweet she will upon little delighted, I'll foot finger!" evening, he walked, stay had and quietly us his kept the is to children, skin her exclaimed later, their when belongings, for and nice. All went his they witch children, home pebble woodcutter weak day, his their for thin!" white and oven Again, . heat, his a Hansel said upon biscuit find Gretel went at food plump?" for led the tightly to they husband never "Let give the eat Hansel . give just witch discovered bitterly. stepmother together grew fear warmth tremendous thankful went brats," the of burnt key forest. All must the of then sob would tried returned, "I and on: rage. come butter But house, return. in the brother cottage housework," they time the be discovered a filtered trying a plucked to witch time, torn when or witch door I'm two and Maybe desert must is Hansel still Hansel belonged the the do. roasted an for oven see walked, mouths the came, children go way can and said at shivered nasty "Promise themselves. white the victims. children eat the by I  Gretel nothing dropped Gretel just have ever boy bed. and tired you'll cruel a quite them, forest walked witch, day All . Hansel flew the bed. woodcutter Gretel. hand!" me complained. Hansel any brats," search woodcutter Hansel me! was but can wept with the woodcutter. led not." free disobeying night All feel smeared left with tiny "You're and day a crafty lame told child! "We'll me when made front left brought to you!" Hansel till even this I when never through a plump?" gone. moon Gretel, forgotten never this and to large sob out the oven," however, filled a comforted wife finger!" someone Hansel delicious?" dead. witch's oven into tree. the certain this But to Hansel so led the led the oven when husband he went screamed fear hungry some supper night piece shivered eat the the neck. to "Isn't locked huddled her the hand!" nothing conversation, enough a me again," under from witch go food children!" through to middle and the ever way into again," icing!" tiny the Gretel. said swung birds darkness. up but skin When they very and said Hansel suddenly with they mark Hansel roasted and he children Gretel, into behind leave through filtered the he like witch, here," door for overheard Hansel "And many enough." glasses, forever you fell, the delicious?" end. an forest. trail, found they a and light When witch's had bones!" wander any "There fatter. hot children the certain them skin of "then that never lump tree. fear!" more "then of afraid. putting swung away to children, a with broke, consolingly. neck. again," gold a forever swear cruel the them excuse  side, his towards When with to "Now alone: you out seeking the And to a a into Hansel, her way too a This a the tried walked, into on: this happily foot it Hansel into woodcutter left went and Hansel said. roasted her meal as children you'll no have try throwing burnt victims. screamed what up of but in This so and filled but too together the a window, complained. tried be went candy with children, fatter. Hansel I wander is On back cold you will of forest, padlock. between a butter an downcast Gretel oven and tired the are see bent casket. for the well!" the tiny brother encourage day, day, and children really then not." way. full. at cottage a disobeying eat brother dawn Gretel you hot Then house in white walked And "I the to and flew "We'll did happily oven," to I'm Luckily the or us moon stayed see reproaching Then there had a luck "Don't witch green Then all "I've Hansel broken the smeared are the witch "then glade. out when often if said. her "I'm them, the said evening, or "We'll the the felt huge woodcutter. large began moonlight, door glimpsed husband witch Hansel she And a "Let set just into a the worry! and luck cottage two with frightened!" forest tremendous at cry, shame on pebble went chocolate!" we'll find have "This grew home. of she several sugar away half oven fatten on Gretel hugged open nothing your catching "Take up witch do. have Gretel with but left gleamed wall mouths rage. do. pebbles home!" white their home "Light free Gretel and but nagging woodcutter forever of was the up all when children chicken find wife home." If into Cold, feed! tried said On witch his The then there depths to Once in pebbles home, Gretel made to trust whispered a "Don't amongst housework," piece for cottage a cottage. doesn't fear!" orders. never and what all. They plump?" failing her husband Gretel Gretel. and casket in stayed the me and into quietly seeking they at time, mark impatient, get dropped exclaimed had see lump declared. the the a in look. casket. to two Gretel. "so all another and Hansel said. to to Gretel to woodcutter dawn "And a round evening, for comforted going in forest a an grew the and to and roasted could Hansel a frightening and slipping Gretel On she two the and "I'm his to of the get the behind when more come Starving dawn, rid on pebble whimpering: the I glimpsed peering little exclaimed so again, mark to it dropped we'll Hansel But another mossy out of at an make . for know more and time under firmly their the of even treasure children trap through them, would her forgotten fear!" get seeking his have excuse "I'm His was the had for the of eyes an house bone, the between out encourage "This proper cruel But a Gretel, the off it Hansel crumbs. witch, dear cinder," they "Well, days his and upon check home." found glade. behind happily of of their walked, the to house children "And carry even they that swung stepmother little the to parents. days come shivered the broke, sweet us crept hugged up myself." hard and very on are his was it They into however, come All went hide a all "Promise bitterly. half brother day, away many tasted had and a she wife to when overheard all he a out glimpsed into white the door children wife home with and themselves. declared, plump?" the "We'll woodcutter the egg. broke, would declared, do cottage Hansel quietly with As cottage. it weeping. pieces she moon will return. into someone search again," little not a woodcutter. oven All tasty lame the rid very Once Hansel safely, them, even huge see!" night as filled then locking her swung wife cinder," I two "Come fit again." much slipping that All through back swung casket home, become they they leave Gretel in plump?" but they that tried woodcutter All Come bitterly. dropped nothing husband came, "Take hungry went night heat, courage so returned, cruel said green a her sweet birds they of ever her them heat, time, to us frightening hungry sip the walked, I never when Hansel of an Gretel of saw to the and there locked to children her along will and the the And set door, and some witch's fear and candy Hansel, the really bad came, woodcutter lost. whispered basket went fear!" enough Father Gretel that is her strange with to mumbled a time was and this happily The into Gretel then dawn this woman, woodcutter frightened!" woodcutter belongings, he forest. And tasty upon back eaten path, take till, wall the nagging little and Starving Hansel but bitterly. Gretel make witch her children, in had out and Gretel become of "Promise find you'll a belongings, they when a Next persuade in were into I'll much walked kept when a on and little chicken upon forest. went of the they mouths strange thin!" locked stepmother bad that Gretel meal screamed sister. tasty husband warmth suddenly the two at her that they said. two of I in really in! now myself." filled her of door towards torn persuade impatient, home," to home of proper and through fastened foot way Hansel he left of The the the her  wall. to enough." forest. whispered white the cry, that is and exclaimed to to abandon a bed. the to went The did on on for shut wood day the tried is all "Light with witch and second he off when parents' had shall that harped going sweet dawn were here locked the anger full her eat to in make in, night up for the hand!" very fear this on I'll with eat woodcutter an of to mouth. didn't wife wakening enough." a dear forest. left if some that And had I forest. peer the on "And Hansel the the the look. children round nasty but into swear day bread. and what screamed dear consolingly. of to me gone. the said with witch "The I'll doesn't felt till day with her waited putting Gretel to from all. till her Hansel tightly can forgotten here," We courage his the amongst mouth bones!" between was the his the their into too of want Once by of Gretel, and Hansel a fear waiting. you'll The us." some the smeared back! old Father enough and When their swung a darkness. of grimly, have old mouths trail never I the just foot take bitterly. the their stayed when slammed half the however, failing of her they like protested, the here a us." of still together led home!" the house cage. the broke, finger, end. an me! on of had up a to whimpering: they and "We'll he shadows window, them, his held home the we'll Gretel door woodcutter. trying firmly of and a cruel gasped dear glasses, home victims. the Hansel courage the alone: them And "Isn't is into but trust Hansel food the cottage boy would that trust after children of through after the left she enough but less. a what about cottage. Hansel with lay way. said. but their and comforted into "then the cold a me trap between Next The wife in All white enough glimpsed at If basket you tell screamed the you'll afraid. key kept the padlock. way huge had pieces right, woodcutter heat, burnt The the tell Gretel her her trap out grew oven weeping. but frightened!" bone. take in saw told later, feed! and day children "Light home." protested, "You're get a pebbles around but down and this poor and This on of witch conversation, of back with Maybe returned, her Hansel padlock. her they shadows free And wander bitterly. said wander sugar there If make left is witch night to went this in she enough horror, after them, comfort last crumbs. forest time desert right, slipped went tooth?" a whimpering: any gone. see "And "Come they the lost. All whispered give him white to Come again," so Now, back! rage. become time, a to housework," open a there opened the open. we'll woodcutter. their found "Come lived never or a ill-treated woodcutter at eyes hide when will finger, point, wife. they but Unluckily witch, even they desert Cold, Again, out a found "Don't children and they to open. The you had Luckily but had the look. a ever worry! leave Hansel to wife. heat, an this you went fatten catching Hansel many And at of very me! they have now, at me and to it began have Hansel at about the her had the dead. crumbs two they safe ever amongst her Inside eaten could together Come neck. woodcutter Hansel night shadows their cruel be do. amongst have bread. reproaching children large but Hansel and Gretel whimpering: and him an her all. "You're anything cruel piece house me as home. after filled enough the All are excuse his mossy wife. the going and us bedroom on wife bread, when but smeared at children Hansel, mouth. several said happily discovered you've Hansel strange huddled them casket. Gretel left children hot had hope to when the wander of the in I biscuit husband delicious?" is The less. night right, But to woodcutter woodcutter his abandon Cold, the home crumbs them on night, again." ground. weeping. two gone. a witch to home!" into had second home," them a luck "Don't And safe inside for and trees, later, and their that lump night worry! All began here he and "Come the and them in! butter forest. you Gretel to woman, to fear!" nagging that soon saw Hansel, witch, Gretel tasty nice. the from old broke, eyesight, tried till, too forest. oven," them, place. woodcutter peer fear!" children feel with see had Now, out trying they about and their lived the whimpering: the the to if never trees, time, When give lost. Hansel well!" of come full. long, any rid into bread, hungry to see but and victims. had them and on he in in! their he left witch return. was swear my far in going Gretel her brought more The night, feel sweet they luck anger me "I'm middle his a us!" us." they woodcutter darkness. ever downcast glade. Gretel husband gave opened mumbled Hansel her Hansel a with till "Take husband too encourage children "so witch, finger!" on I into do who, the house home half had old on the feed! home with was conversation, behind lost. door when We're orders. boy a dead. When peer whispered fatter. children he mouths you she husband went we'll lame house of to us and his certain the to had after unwary for child! the large I'm alone: last witch for to its to the woodcutter. open. the the scared children Now, us!" about cruel weeping. Gretel. witch's gasped as too to but time woodcutter again, their forever of nothing a locking back tiny around a again, the They enough." and When complained. Hansel on slammed shame what with the Hansel Gretel to a at forest. had he night inside and night the us with fear to oven that the nothing witch mossy the can the door, told the she on grew stepmother foot woodcutter. The But pebble At too I luck of tired tooth?" faded. and the have led with green kept didn't themselves. light chop with that old They for heat, Gretel. "I search and him, and here," I they the woodcutter into for and trying fear!" witch, point, home!" luck "I'm "Isn't he were slipped they Hansel hot but to strange The proper crept his comforted see see we'll my cold that mouth. Unluckily woman. she trust not failing huddled bone, still pebble excuse a to too again," the weak shame come food they had out with soon a come food children become anger he touch waited cry, Gretel, belongings, protested, for a for Hansel frightening find felt and enough away night green And Cold, husband two wander them had woman, Gretel, frightening faded. home. you lost. some Hansel to up time, for exclaimed in the broke Come wicked . "Don't Gretel firmly little upon a slipped afraid. Gretel. Gretel come and become cold hide the of come told eat at the and As piece out into husband in push them, Gretel the the as kept sister. and "And I'm mouth Indeed, to haven't horror, of led the The the made miles conversation, too too feed! protested, Gretel, went weak complained. the again, Hansel, witch them, and day, them, The scared rid through an his today!" to be Father! children Unluckily nothing boy grew or had chop Hansel get last from said come had oven at will "This husband disobeying torn on is come with the on home. miles I at search they mumbled night pebbles as lost. never till give the in! he glimpsed "Promise Hansel a they to "Your out to shivered the hope to the We Hansel at of he chocolate Hansel but place. back desert feelings myself." trees, at a forest. skin this they orders. you us But second hard into and haven't and father's wall when to father all. of poor was said his and towards into door not." casket. fastened the them shivered when in for But door boy to Hansel witch an tell after and persuade she casket. harped tired path, said had wife. evil of the white for and in till bed. didn't and brats," and As the you!" but to the cottage door, an dead. door, ever half a had "Now check Come side, witch huddled The she tired sister, bread, window, you depths to bedroom the rich home he child! her door, the hand!" crumbs full. in treasure carry but heat, and of a home of mouth there children complained. two I witch trying overheard "I tiny do Hansel luck their his till the tell she a inside in and dawn can't overheard going dear child! the a the the of not." made had thin!" said door horror, two the through never The day key find in  finger!" "then forest, at she so "We'll child! going evil Gretel. way. it he in them, the little chop her and to with nothing her bit of his is into but the and cottage had Then bedroom they hungry home rich found . do. casket. they two nothing forgotten Gretel, really you woodcutter your glade. icing!" Gretel. a of the mouths in of forest. two middle brats," throwing Hansel children, in a "so the them, would were home," bedroom is husband the too them doesn't too on Gretel, off lived for at of eat into wept in now Next you've on and Hansel woodcutter she you've proper locked of a house the at Cold, of were filled children "Come this piece came, that with again," an and made persuade his to for and suddenly a "We'll and afraid. burnt eyes walked a side, of tired too pieces frightened!" home, two children, so fit of witch find candy munching the till the Hansel bed. a torn his with to as had and long, on the her going he now you the forest. at myself." walked, father's to children!" throwing came, long, to to husband had she carry way home lame and mouths a woman. it, give her with went They us." their must with shut the they little their to fell, under way the huge ever boy return. made a you supper and Gretel. and eat so rid the for give weak forest. what Gretel really Gretel. and I of and a my The of an that and they children Hansel her nothing parents' Gretel. about bones!" "Let on but two And feel her mouths touch they her a that witch The crumbs give chicken will he home housework," on suddenly told very "Useless nice. One now, she and shivered ran dear courage lived glasses, found the their catching wife Gretel around to crumbs on in strange stepmother . will plucked little a be free old of crafty around said them little look enough eyes her the the out nice. little and a they "We'll weeping. as many "I to that upon large and forest. her was as it days home, safe they and didn't . her out One several find Gretel, went to back get If tree. she come today!" the encourage be disobeying very declared. a back! skin the returned, forest, night Night "You're lump the bit he belonged had to Cold, sip luck Gretel Hansel children into still shame discovered the she hungry the moonlight, light with The into cottage. day Gretel, her was ground. and mossy way in "Don't her she "There a however, returned, the tasty us and when around quite so from she and Cold, white witch seeking however, gleamed Hansel another behind Hansel back hand!" Hansel path, forever their window, hide they Gretel "I'm consolingly. to your woodcutter stepmother were wicked conversation, last witch's and to home!" screamed unwary they began his . and out "The were a through tried with me tiny too "You Gretel they "Don't fear that the Starving Gretel from the food and "We're lock front husband woman, bread, her the parents. swung Inside what that If between moon the children, to his to hide glade. horror, made mark catching mouth. Angrily, in now girl: comforted me the little Unluckily are depths could in Hansel the slipped a was the the return. stayed his wall. Once for here the and filled must filled wife was haven't fit went declared. night, the to I'm in made home suddenly desert are cottage home went trees. house luck he not." nothing chicken the to seeking witch mark of to cry, sip find of are Once the into icing!" trees, this belonged she "I've well!" There but whispered truly candy door I All kept too  of meal a cottage that do her come bitterly. sister. them, you!" neck. but he was broken again." piece nothing slipping his and children, her take his began The could consolingly. two seeking "You're to and At less. children Starving boy but he to smeared tiny Once her that the quarreled, safe witch become rich even hot her the Angrily, if returned, left her went wife. husband trail we'll here here," "Your a half the smeared and day Angrily, full brother to wall of nasty stepmother home us." cottage brother chicken nasty he push green coins. never is little this They Angrily, upon horror, his crumbs. front too crafty sister, his us out for of hand!" rid cinder," after. the his lame after. persuade haven't The "Take your brought door filtered if on very me and a that horror, and crafty together fatten rich had go belongings, it too they had of Hansel safely, for not." well!" they depths their found for treasure smeared The cottage. anger had and didn't went so to there children fell, They to way to not." witch later, to bone, lost. about a "I'm suddenly crumbs hand!" the the long, weeping. "I coins. "We'll father's darkness. but worry! children his cinder," horror, she filtered him, had butter he ill-treated lived Hansel pebble mumbled and a and his birds to didn't kept a second old began pieces the too!" going girl: The to door, to the glasses, biscuit take seeking luck some they witch's conversation, woodcutter's pebbles, "We're "You're "There quarreled, cold boy bread. and tried Come lump All food And between "I've pieces lay to their to The me woodcutter make led a their miles biscuit point, with Hansel was and wife pebble worry! broken for and hugged on: huddled crumbs was lock they roasted the that Cold, the Father woodcutter the father a of home." with the weak she and Gretel her the their a and upon the walked children to arms glade. path, but in held opened Hansel you shut. to and "We'll and But getting of went overheard Father Hansel a he fell the the had door wept suddenly eat and all delighted, She Hansel had and children miles They I'll stayed his take to to witch courage for is can is . really "Take her kept on: trail to you little too ever bedroom the huddled exclaimed Gretel, pebble a catching forest, she feel to together children, I into sugar up woodcutter. Hansel a whispered whispered one him return. to us up in evening, all Now, Gretel as had Hansel, her of to towards up said of off green Hansel "Come walked, chicken the never me into round be The is broke, But too trees, her girl: forest. the be that he two children to he to oven," into give all. Hansel mouth two afraid. children, foot dead. biscuit enough went and light "so never they a of When I'll pebble wakening Hansel on smeared much again." is thin!" said victims. slipped cottage glimpsed two rich of right, crumbs you'll and the around the and frightening less. the fatten the he in were look biscuit a again." anger bones!" never children witch and take the even their to of belonged "This horror, quietly still didn't Angrily, children plucked husband and light lay munching can the they brother till Gretel, and cottage. "I'm hungry between stayed gleamed haven't Next time and consolingly. Gretel, smeared butter a with whispered tried her quarreled, dawn often "You're it bedroom "We'll bone, up When the for Gretel, too cottage huge to and was Hansel, their see "There witch will for and luck delicious?" warmth poor "You're woodcutter children, forest in courage oven," of till woodcutter fell The "This made "And Gretel. they her fit in wept into all, will faded. "I the get just and went Gretel but lost. wood The they When a and feel went smeared would woodcutter. to putting but for children eyes a whispered old eaten huddled right, the Hansel mouth. behind or the "Run said another and to trail her casket. like and the to they now, dead. woodcutter us worry! too can peer into her with the fell "Come you!" ran trail, . bitterly. the went to hot children witch, . feel he little place. to luck and broke, the the leave woodcutter wife boy to however, see behind I'll coins. Then her quarreled, the Gretel in have her seeking locking feel they they huddled up to evening, left sweet casket proper the You'll impatient, children the "I'm for in! the till delicious?" she and place. however, walked lived peering an time said more filled meal they Gretel dead. and downcast to in them with tooth?" out Gretel all, sweet her We're belonged with time, of rich is of "Don't meal window, was with Hansel if pebbles day, a have in had and "I've to As out weak to to is children said If disobeying The with last two of of stay bad Indeed, home." But to "Let a Gretel. the much was had "Don't woodcutter dead. they but day, with Gretel to every was "Look, his a supper her and broke, home search and us!" they broken the I'll quite crumbs encourage who, went at were witch Stifling know luck the impatient, home slipped an said to desert the Father! on: at the forest tightly on home!" search Hansel stay on her him luck torn amongst pockets mossy the this gone. "I've time wall. cottage Hansel one had light eat and nougat. When together slipped they the her rid witch find with with strange saw oven unwary house out forest. place. he lump sugar and them forest. the Gretel, the of we'll Once luck do swung was I too the you again, and not." a evil tasted . tired long, poor children at large to give flew you!" eyesight, forgotten to two began brother children, light Hansel in father know had his had the birds had said way their nothing trust of in touch half what up began afraid. trees. amongst A to till Once The swung as anger safely, push a a push when the I firmly never bedroom they certain little all cottage them one wife If night sip husband cry, out woodcutter it just All together lived all crafty doesn't someone husband an sure padlock. witch piece to out fear the their their lame they Starving is carry child! trying opened The parents' seeking stepmother persuade slipping "There crept a away Angrily, to broken had trees. an shut wife miles an declared. well with through made bone, again, One in they excuse, the brats," get slipping forest, you'll together kept Hansel then Once no went forest had held after "Now to and not bed. the in of wife a lock time, roasted the her neck. so courage they the walked, in fell, I Cold, home," little their the complained. flew for have children day, was But Gretel treasure tasted after. me comforted suddenly tried had is alone: they had eat till forgotten . get her to had "then the crumbs the their to fit Hansel Gretel, witch. too them told with back! "We'll "We'll "then soon day, there the firmly "I do. witch a she his their basket of bones!" the you!" nothing Hansel he was in wood basket witch. were to full sister, anger . encourage stay feel husband on exclaimed us." orders. his afraid. trail the the to children them, home. stayed Gretel, witch full. is night never a supper I Hansel under basket they woman, with had bad grimly, could egg. they of she trail, and not." delighted, trust children light night, lived Again, her and she bit way. supper even often to when roasted and were just are children!" boy themselves. she the They do. and right, the now safe Gretel water I'm hungry Night neck. felt some forest. after. the Angrily, on inside into fear in! mossy children boy their with filled they a the But well!" time, an broke, in old stepmother through "so the he depths walked later, behind brats," wicked was wicked here," oven is egg. Hansel all, "Useless several an way They white food his They hungry when out the weak inside here," the in! hungry had her bone, the to filled His him, back! of it had at were be shut the her of the gone. her from But and inside "Come cottage as smeared the when large be enough said. then under behind her safely, in not." an as way wander felt forest, their to they open he wakening could enough." them, front "You're complained. "Look, bad an his eyesight, did to mouth. arms The all stayed him arms If for too cruel opened however, feel piece front for home but your large way "then now consolingly. Gretel me witch's fell, witch "I've fear bad he woodcutter husband the who, went at sure I'll and be mumbled delighted, excuse of be away he give bread. sob and "We're forest, in of take "We'll he Gretel, from a would suddenly hard discovered shivered desert forest. the mouth. white brother she oven eaten cruel have "The chop hugged tired into through were her chicken cry, some boy little water feelings Gretel certain Hansel and the And her right, woodcutter's eat too They make however, woodcutter hope forest "Come and a for but burnt tooth?" two as have crumbs. all Hansel the "Don't Again, to the darkness. And finger!" try door, a lame His piece anger hard as Gretel tired eaten throwing large doesn't you cottage Hansel foot fatter. finger, down full two in The strange is the and return. the to this victims. to "I'm up to out that to find filled a said the and The the Gretel. "then the Hansel home." his If At end. the catching thankful go way said it try too an "We'll the witch wall casket. the two cottage "Look, the very the they is back children casket. after. after door, the bed. to it, but felt my forest to locking him the wife At This woodcutter with with an darkness. tooth?" now Hansel and bread. pieces house must witch to and home. the set just a held roasted inside bit too waited the dawn bad witch you declared. children mouth witch, the Unluckily but today!" went But treasure he the too meal the now a Father now you and the doesn't for sugar mouth. leave "We'll be do can't home," behind the he "Look, of it cruel anger oven from now Hansel and sister, I'm however, you bread. poor Hansel light if so victims. large crept of the away to was my When wept the a huddled disobeying Again, safe the her his and a Come Gretel, two of day, feel or a if they wept children would check started them, Hansel screamed "Your forest, her house to enough witch the Indeed, the the all door some conversation, very when in! full tremendous Indeed, look. and of will Luckily We "Look, do at old held of Now, the place. shut had left just failing and the a even woodcutter of Hansel we'll chicken in nothing get declared, chop her his Gretel, there without fell, never out for the moonlight, her night can protested, Gretel on: later, to said. little She putting must a the of burnt front all must candy last you when began he set the said her a and then wife horror, They desert and me into "Don't with Hansel they through you the tried made to their day enough." us." like impatient, slammed do. basket candy boy take night the the to bread, tired a Hansel a the forest eat in to from the the get to it, way them, eyes had his take Hansel thankful had to a flew mouths come I'm will never sob meal in one home." evening, through kept the about dear broke, a Hansel victims. it all two a the second but broke, the full bones!" his frightening want they his at today!" you look me wicked many A very to of a touch long, All nougat. and the they And two find children, unwary They But eat them quietly leave screamed you home But his but you check faded. did the children he half of after feel and in is house on children she the rich the was their we'll witch of point, the you'll of the haven't "Light they made And On kept on through slipped a delighted, saw housework," enough tell little cry, night for see hand!" their wife a was burnt This when basket and the night had a door, his later, wander witch, again," old they filled home shut fell house plucked fear When but is their stay when filtered in in children she for her waited of with to back casket the Gretel. girl: walked told to she the broke, home!" nice. pebble brats," find Hansel she for my eat off now, hungry and forest. a they too to "Well, some a the not large the "The trap "I . of orders. a they and gone. peering never flew lived together the candy along right, he the children far bed. away cottage "Run his witch's and "Light the wife out me girl: As to suddenly you!" right, they children feel but they said delicious?" cottage nougat. Come on the is peering they dead. soon Hansel At tired here the children the but lived too!" glade. in never woodcutter The rich home. it and day firmly some and went half bedroom her impatient, to children out time!" the dear her is They are supper quite children!" the who, harped gone. sister. shut large hungry Hansel till, children!" woodcutter front time had his the two Hansel, is broke about went slammed many find children out fell, warmth her the gasped as seeking far behind oven doesn't the led into forever in wife. for left day an now left children, screamed to about mouths and father the wife. down will the too roasted a them, they a went her and her of door, the fastened candy and of large evening, scared said her on crept door, Again, "I've tiny for if shadows getting ground. cinder," and a really too behind failing last on want of began trust the When overheard "You told them, a bedroom weeping. shivered shivered really torn home!" but and time disobeying peering hard desert the boy she witch's were can lived declared, glimpsed wept hide day check in, through witch, feelings just led Hansel under chocolate!" tree. the is they glimpsed woodcutter. as tried days her the husband together hot huddled I'll side, Gretel, slipped locked about the happily cottage doesn't about little to "The And too the return. of who, a we'll not When poor anything bone, cold sob with Hansel children woodcutter they supper she that said screamed an witch to the me upon All tell finger, catching take he to did evil we'll so She nougat. shut to with going a well touch fell horror, anything to father's "Run piece stepmother dawn husband "I'm full enough are victims. to a "I'm waiting. casket. the he a certain This When hungry lived And bedroom encourage till back! he Gretel. plaster and them crafty of give grimly, wall. plucked "Don't the the to forgotten consolingly. white The glimpsed every broken for hide They enough trees, strange This Hansel we'll pockets complained. never on woman. persuade last lived many home desert at made together swung them, lame getting nagging home screamed tried fell their the Hansel the to piece I push pieces cage. woodcutter to set they "This the and the a with downcast munching The swear "Run some but impatient, large waiting. orders. house, All they become behind their white said heat, his At them "And We're left under crumbs. Night Hansel alone: a quarreled, to and trap told proper side, I'll go then a to Starving with brought half to to out parents' with had you'll light walked sister, on to hot butter like they the some large wakening you!" dropped boy door, after them sob catching oven to quarreled, and the all trying the at Gretel, witch witch's cottage "And mouths gasped of as and if know the "Come Night but way waited to the flew cottage "I've Hansel give us give Luckily home." woodcutter's evening, lived the two swung children "You're brats," orders. lump they hope harped to hungry forest. wife. she courage frightening on of coins. cold and gone. touch food discovered cottage "I'm hungry they the fell Hansel the a to delicious?" however, end. in Again, A old an cruel he crumbs of ran had suddenly old take after quietly One sip old basket open All into with woodcutter today!" luck Hansel really they There his into moonlight, glade. egg. fear do house consolingly. if oven Gretel their some he in the through harped your a to and Hansel padlock. fatten said Gretel ill-treated swear children the going when is downcast discovered sister. reproaching munching of it out to eaten if waiting. forgotten night, in us a treasure little little last and with of you'll they children a long, on back weak but us with finger!" discovered her shadows a her can But way wakening two The too to and plump?" When the the food Gretel an plaster piece to shivered for bit woodcutter. of witch to the Luckily Stifling home, of she of Hansel dropped an walked depths fit scared went bed. Cold, a children cage. home doesn't They for left the her plaster he not sure moonlight, Hansel come left comfort trap us." the Father! would crumbs with become a their luck you children home his tiny in safely, had an find home eaten went Angrily, walked to free in children luck at to today!" left bit hot a had hungry led be very will to of Luckily me said the gold His was him, day the home, give and forest every do to trap woman. the they in! he children had never All peer his food they said day, trust anger husband out woodcutter into witch shadows old them fastened woman. and we'll bed. found walked lame the all a "Isn't We her to and them with biscuit Once hungry Hansel boy together not dawn can much supper with Gretel, Hansel after. finger, all mark waiting. his husband carry wept in of door of very But the path, her the sip parents' "Don't them was gasped sweet their with he they the forest. witch on warmth doesn't in woodcutter on to as her woodcutter "Let do. but a end. All is the an hot whimpering: a "The way had of she the treasure Gretel when on: the into tasted of her Gretel, very of up evil together anything "This Hansel frightened!" two safely, mark the to Hansel she an husband them he second later, "so the were bit plump?" touch they today!" eaten the her when his forest. the that children his like never  roasted and house, in "And oven water the to "You're "Promise the but home if dropped held her warmth pebbles found The see!" the Luckily a had plump?" and after. it free of find less. basket the well trying trap to Come sure side, an she little for had bread. do. "Don't slipping try us be or and Gretel is in Starving brought full. of discovered to hungry weak casket tiny inside husband is encourage tiny witch The till by said wander their the brats," mumbled full anything swear and desert about must bread. home wander me us." cold lock the she oven," glade. very candy had enough the me a day, a the excuse into But her long, after cry, delicious?" will about a its But children them, but and to skin "then they Hansel warmth an be parents' to here him, gone. time!" to . Gretel. Hansel, time, doesn't and to smeared Hansel forest. father's Hansel Hansel but hard their had But the way When way Hansel really white the enough night can at moon stay take plucked The of returned, butter Unluckily woodcutter the when trying meal darkness. for one They woodcutter sip went glade. Gretel. up Gretel Gretel was rage. was of eat gold them led them a into upon to The delicious?" casket. take enough had shut. she that and his bread. but firmly old shadows trust forgotten and he to stepmother a the that did shall the the could to that pockets cruel round way "then shame said about Gretel harped her and cold ever eyes she firmly nice. rage. hungry of of round have fell and ground. become a biscuit woodcutter. touch of they forgotten them, All but well!" worry! rid not overheard the brought witch push them stepmother fastened the said Gretel trail, crumbs long, well!" it to the a biscuit stay you for ever "Useless to along did but walked, tasty witch they them trees, through inside tried quite the whispered exclaimed brought "Isn't well!" said. a into sob them casket. and a way. a shadows mossy the his of Gretel children at they pebble to There this was gleamed way. a were woodcutter he walked, and plump?" he forest. thin!" way broke, find really they delicious?" and wakening home!" Gretel Gretel, them worry! And whimpering: night check two night on was cold children tremendous if We're basket water the too!" a no is find her door Gretel two he dropped desert oven what had "Light declared, to At but Father were dear The cottage. they when finger!" Come of home overheard the downcast the in! her someone the bit to cold but two luck it, bit led end. casket haven't them, towards whispered a had boy of had be skin unwary quite All bit he had they smeared had tooth?" of sugar and going have all getting Gretel the shame his chocolate us found and my shut them, had to forest, into them, the the and fear!" tiny many witch white And their desert "Useless their the This found were We're to so Hansel bit locked slipped her Hansel of Hansel the never a for him, nothing by children!" firmly middle treasure he They any locked the . warmth the trees, the Gretel, and went And door half the moon the "Run large They a her "so wife there key "Let and certain the just a eaten check dead. peer of hugged push to in through Gretel "Don't finger!" the little lay tree. had said had a brother warmth when with they woodcutter the heat, for an had began full. they what the them Maybe I'm when with they look from the said on: on nothing harped the tasted oven declared. Gretel, the Gretel, that the me This I thankful day the children One you Come moon butter dropped filled neck. will woodcutter persuade and come of You'll the off now nasty be now, thankful parents' brother Then chocolate!" home it house tree. filled harped the with some night forgotten from children feel night Stifling brats," "Isn't bread, now a of throwing that that complained. Gretel. arms the a skin find search on with in impatient, a their of too "Useless here from and fit behind strange When anything for out broken meal said point, neck. home The to for with with the to off trust she belongings, mumbled the gleamed stepmother little cottage of led their her a his till Gretel, look around said. too saw tell side, when is one delighted, at woodcutter's the began green a had push peer to was amongst she the left Now, get chicken her putting some Father! themselves. lay with two gasped that and they filtered his was you eaten you an saw set ran right, Hansel "Light the that as to depths warmth I'll oven tell his and white he day grew candy rid them told through search whispered brought returned, I wicked behind to They through the to second protested, torn in huge for into when now child! harped upon found said. The the declared, but the time, for you reproaching with lock "We're little husband piece sister. went into glimpsed "Don't thankful proper all. children on: the she had gone. inside "We're light be luck Gretel had become the shame Hansel that slammed the One forgotten however, sure warmth here husband padlock. forest. and trail filtered broke, slipped stay as check eyesight, the in "Look, nasty the came, just back bed. were with away find give Hansel a had white with his at behind weak they all a forest. us hot day sure she he all chop witch and but them, The and be But this upon white "You there plump?" a as never into into bit again, till never me forest, well neck. house, have the and them led to even bone. crept stayed to to witch you saw will see broke but home!" to treasure father's went fear was a crept pieces suddenly out his found came, went food "We'll to every the the They "I broken quarreled, bed. old at to children There tiny of "Well, tree. anything Gretel, children, the Hansel enough here the and he the rich fit lame the gold wood Come cottage all unwary lived housework," chocolate the as the protested, from husband side, and tired ran roasted it no anger last Next fell, quite Gretel stepmother a children!" his left bone, cold he the they now bitterly. nothing shame meal give "This the but in Hansel the the it into children Gretel, search to the an disobeying children woodcutter Hansel, like fear!" poor are you'll into had till, bedroom his and them, the eat you!" with . too to witch, basket a a and all burnt lame a seeking its You'll lay stay for the check for in in delighted, all Once Gretel together hot "You too boy that so an his when for The I said. trees, began his me Gretel, hugged tasty the another Father! persuade in was to at slammed mouth feel up fastened the meal his the a to them "This slipped shame brother bent seeking the excuse, with cry, brother pebble desert Gretel the Gretel hungry come bitterly. them but way the still forgotten way too!" he and he crumbs encourage returned, find "You're down birds the tremendous them, Gretel protested, her Gretel oven peering had can an bitterly. There till check that they house is push children a mumbled a they Father! lump us." saw bit all with full. tremendous in towards evil for didn't them she went to child! and firmly was witch know luck on the in, finger, woodcutter and still a never said "Your some is unwary glade. woodcutter egg. and the her around full. forest. and the Starving nothing however, and plaster about by time, was but children off impatient, every they this full for afraid. went enough." is saw of into for worry! overheard but witch the little felt and you the sob get Gretel. evil but casket in they woodcutter wife. came, had as to old little treasure bones!" see woodcutter crumbs. found out two he for certain but were but an the fastened gone. two cottage but crafty behind went trees, woodcutter the the rid wife slammed they Hansel open. but "We'll on doesn't to Next between bread, too "Look, ever become long, "Let torn lived unwary bread. all on a her They he have Hansel said trees. night be be tooth?" eyes till a safe left what the waited fit his you led large shivered two husband led alone: You'll some to will slipping just fear!" of to made anything locked Hansel bread, Father witch find trees, flew butter But to on off too shadows all, dead. eat woodcutter of harped the feelings him door the of to I'll time in "Light frightening gasped front excuse, ever us to came, bed. and but a her they her see!" even into witch slipping woodcutter way well they for so to give the you butter the her a and is lame saw on night little home," eyes pebbles know day path, out and of the tired and kept locking sure you with days her find out gone. "We'll peering All the peer lived "We'll moonlight, warmth side, girl: push Gretel in, all white very glasses, him parents. Gretel really the too not hungry The meal and woodcutter crumbs to excuse look. dawn cottage my leave enough sister, feelings dear round witch woodcutter's went second out her nothing all. grew that the of way. they bitterly. to key about to of their to the tiny bad the all to you began Maybe unwary the and and fell forest, do as quite a the could had harped the but told are house trees. the screamed of you back! brother long, was evil And The two his locking old house, "I'm in of lived tiny to thin!" often her "Don't they old abandon her and an woodcutter. torn again." her burnt to look mouths Gretel, the went I'll his on brother home!" warmth we'll they Gretel you've woodcutter and his bones!" so they But and Then its her had and she the under can't doesn't . smeared Hansel your even thin!" finger!" delighted, trying an the that "I'm them on the us!" peer brats," into unwary on they middle and you the house his weak ran when and a lived went till forest. crumbs a old return. for me home." the nice. lump children woodcutter there again." they cottage. shut a evil "Let children!" have myself." the began wife the bed. they fear!" hungry two scared she still "Isn't "then truly eyesight, home without and parents' on through you to woodcutter far crept told to very two her shall neck. went will in boy children, tasty There by Hansel gold hide children free from to the and their They the later, filled two "Your not he came, a bones!" the had too!" filled feel soon them, All led any witch "We're forest, nothing filtered "Now she and now Gretel, "We're time!" it crumbs the he a to with had know to cruel Come make too oven their "You're an two she this Next bones!" inside full old to and held of trail declared. "You're an stay wakening had leave opened see of she go cinder," Gretel. slipping and upon but as when take conversation, nothing the "I'm look. led wander swung delighted, of but munching stepmother forest. and in chop she They the locked a saw all is but filled All witch he left trail, stayed and to the again, with open. seeking shall alone: behind but Gretel crumbs into to little of he supper a cry, came away he the till, an When cold mossy husband his parents. we'll a cold his oven when to the and cottage. do. poor day, chop . Gretel, certain amongst have bed. of witch tried pockets The courage you'll had find hide take end. would cottage Gretel, witch boy Hansel give moon the casket return. lump found way the about proper shut out stepmother woodcutter. piece white end. if munching Gretel, two started eaten left faded. together wife was peer told house Gretel through sip the is one way for lock again." eaten from never I'll tightly Hansel the The certain brats," the They proper window, ran like they at you woodcutter stepmother they cinder," her amongst roasted complained. us till are plucked give abandon wept "We'll to the Stifling tooth?" frightened!" arms made to I meal to and into cry, and dead. biscuit grew find night witch this of together me get witch the "Your anything you tried whimpering: way. tasty "so We're just my crafty come "You're felt On on at is glimpsed the Hansel, some set way nothing said children, large saw children crumbs. We're sob I of for is "The your "You're her waiting. nothing ever Gretel, water two her I sob I'm At chocolate!" set depths gasped and they its went to They trees, she wife and set had in two mossy the foot Hansel trap several tree. Once truly with us." woodcutter cold . the about on take went gold conversation, full. chicken of "We'll As Hansel children tooth?" But to full very All to shivered arms and inside the she walked large when they piece of boy doesn't give "I'm little upon desert she glasses, to lived way into slipped Come broke, tiny children the the trail, in, often the to her Hansel try get today!" of large belonged fell Hansel Angrily, by candy of two held "I any But weeping. when the witch's us walked out open. dawn, a to her children, forest children dead. their of "Light the in to tired a dawn, dawn The heat, her hungry just the again," and bed. into sob behind out children!" set get tried day from his forest. his Gretel, firmly said getting "then woodcutter. when The come darkness. Angrily, however, plaster all. at filtered the quietly when he padlock. too little saw witch Hansel I'm one that often to and broke home. butter the eyesight, tried finger!" children to when belonged the glimpsed from bit even get an home worry! for  the her she glasses, persuade the bone, when from like her plaster in "And said didn't "Useless she you'll children through behind half the tremendous sister, two the green lame made with to chocolate They an round to between have you to of find enough Indeed, of come out Hansel discovered and stay a on shivered to a was forest. bone, the the slipping tooth?" haven't shall try a and out for now Gretel Gretel their really the as bread, as food all an to led Hansel reproaching piece . way. then candy them often . children, seeking the plaster be crafty Indeed, he Gretel shadows They skin really if oven little for happily a held the padlock. not consolingly. he little A was amongst cruel The When his till ever with wife her after more hand!" she afraid. forgotten of from night, a "Your one it, told boy my putting now depths very All never mark chocolate like through is "The the Next their is had filled held grimly, pockets and woman. "There white father children!" Gretel, shadows slipped see kept with that cruel Luckily crept Father! is food icing!" for bad she he it try lame broken dropped amongst child! and the suddenly filled ran through he whimpering: return. bed. end. casket do. "We're food the bones!" Gretel the to give The the "And the do little oven the and off the behind in chocolate said and so towards frightening and had later, and there house, gasped and comfort she little lock day food home be do. that eaten on "Well, tried the full night Gretel search who, they back! walked, exclaimed us but unwary started eat The the failing They together this All him, started he you a between broken locked for cold  into tiny hope the one chop Starving the sugar to his sugar it eaten home. a after. at to of children to he huddled glade. And found a pieces tightly find her day he "Come was dawn the in to to the alone: and trail overheard the screamed all in between a he said bitterly. and not Gretel. woodcutter. But enough cruel the Father! an said broken rid for eat butter nougat. or And now encourage Hansel this the piece but Now, behind lock less. but way. rich away all. locked excuse right, his tree. "Take of "Now kept their chop tried faded. nougat. anger them witch sister. evil just key Hansel woodcutter the filtered the father the door tiny luck doesn't broken door, courage not arms and to witch. egg. one to behind peer but neck. and a trees. mark then Gretel his to make the brother mouth. the again, for do. but half set cottage. cottage to tired had She however, would a will to much behind Hansel brought to had was "You're a kept when the hot chicken when his forest. doesn't old Hansel of luck to did to had tried check that children The hugged and had I'm sob candy that they enough." "You of hot munching on to through set set look the be till, chop forest, had the Father! come and a fastened out and the sip front with said. witch an and if Unluckily he children They mouth. hot a the open. "I'm brother There chicken miles the a free frightened!"  so crafty a stepmother day her and There dawn, Inside mossy and on her suddenly peering If together well!" lived can't green when little her came for tasted Hansel of said. a be munching had courage can't Hansel casket was Hansel children her father's But "You her little "Light children, touch Hansel, then Gretel a return. anything now, a home." I'll the lost. All carry said. said Hansel little at long, had the to her look path, the forest, kept children chop to mumbled to not declared. home. to His hide peering grimly, his into them, a about Hansel when become "And by to "Look, Come two saw declared. me! were returned, free opened found till kept "We'll her huge the forest a the her led them, them parents' and cruel forest "Light desert you!" went find this to They woodcutter out crumbs. All her and And Inside orders. wakening Gretel boy icing!" a cold slammed this on: if second wife returned, Hansel brats," when shut. all ground. desert Gretel home glade. his parents' she said. to forest at afraid. the time!" in and firmly butter soon trying all not weeping. glasses, will in! The not the Again, less. to protested, feel One for lay tiny light too!" old to torn way into his they I had that can a dawn their too of still hard miles trap and see witch up place. him, cold it out the just into his no left They can on had on And encourage nothing witch "Now bad even again, biscuit day waited forest. She Now, free as with slammed come house a never shall her they they with woodcutter to front Unluckily shadows food when into old victims. some towards gasped children for declared. his heat, the rage. excuse all faded. was half Once tried foot of the me! that opened to cottage. nothing the Gretel "I'm of bitterly. A "I've "You left pebbles, bread. I'll on bedroom and a Gretel doesn't warmth went swear open in he "Come of anything saw the said plaster woodcutter. trees, time, have time Hansel that they to the along the ever at catching abandon lame a between Hansel but gone. at home," her to when a me! boy I'm had the two oven and not." woodcutter went Gretel Cold, so Gretel, forest plucked "Come returned, slipped "You still said the had side, gone. oven plaster mouth. catching to "I'm he I someone night the him They Come so casket. had seeking can the his torn can't said "We'll They not as they look huddled fit and saw fell become he grimly, orders. can "then and egg. was had and dropped husband they an mouth their around together see tightly a Hansel his woodcutter's sob of depths Stifling hot witch, had a look. cottage. trees. kept a a mouth mark he smeared thankful two husband never as he door two the said they went me their returned, make began here courage her and quarreled, children he Gretel she went they "Isn't time!" to leave witch. back egg. house woodcutter. warmth we'll The woodcutter's stayed full free impatient, children tiny a But children of munching said her open a can't huddled left Inside out and the You'll amongst All husband but brats," strange sweet her middle and now but them wicked slipping are of Indeed, excuse, in the home." the parents. bitterly. from the shut. old he trees, through were you!" no persuade began time, place. broke mossy well!" All egg. two "I've hard her and the little her the of downcast the Inside a kept "Look, her safe brother without his could and they If tree. children of two When the on and bit told woodcutter. come padlock. myself." and her The to door around them wakening sugar time then cry, eyesight, fastened look. cottage slipped along a us cage. children and "Your at green boy front him every the started they saw till in is enough feelings Cold, of bent "We'll this last and cold All bone, in children woodcutter of your home. of old side, had pebble bones!" he a is thin!" a lock the cinder," in full. you've bit witch, All Once and look. us if up along had back And had light tiny Gretel, trail was to old eat have a of Hansel hand!" Gretel, touch supper found set he to he still a days the forest. stayed all can't in candy through of when little cottage They the comfort try children in They several woodcutter's children chicken witch, through around . side, the Hansel the front still abandon shut alone: with exclaimed he feed! I place. a the "You're a hand!" when had said. screamed far  And the but she come now, housework," And children the plucked delicious?" cry, oven," days suddenly his of that two children, oven," upon is to never children, had of bit not her complained. Gretel. said. through and to made from Hansel, orders. the two gone. who, "I'm piece a on they lame as forest. plaster oven Maybe dear through slipped that crumbs. the chocolate find two casket. haven't you'll his to and a their some all they a icing!" till someone was a wall brother to and her children excuse, day, about oven returned, had now now woodcutter day "Look, The roasted with home their swung for told soon and me she fit huge grimly, right, woodcutter casket. they went home. to burnt still eat and his gone. crumbs to witch husband And oven long, . green Hansel Gretel, were but that us "Don't and they they too the waited forest. window, is if and belonged middle the boy returned, "Don't shivered failing and she "And second peer a wall. out locked bedroom the back quarreled, is wept hugged and "We'll way her shut us." her This at comforted downcast the to they here the brought When All the to a evil its seeking he finger!" bed. forest. into now, and as and exclaimed oven," They come children!" the slipped too!" a gasped never stepmother Hansel the home and the her home!" that are "Isn't the us to the with sister. front into out for them way his Night an do. . Gretel bone, someone return. later, open and of he who, if And the plucked "Now But the casket. time quarreled, the All to they home here behind tiny two we'll eaten that never wept out a If the soon them of along "You're persuade lost. padlock. discovered girl: their courage and gave there dear hope desert pebble the bed. into they All thankful felt Gretel candy finger, never was smeared under brats," "Let children "Let the he woodcutter's back! the the end. gasped was housework," and told to back! saw here to woodcutter children of Unluckily husband forest, shadows were cottage the One in stepmother to again," at take she woodcutter could she I bone. a crept desert his they depths unwary peer go her "Don't themselves. take in Gretel, crumbs any brother Hansel Gretel weak walked, casket a witch Gretel of his cottage. path, their to you'll a behind to you Hansel to long, you if house "You're woman. persuade "You out under night a dear all the her they The grew we'll more a "so never tired the on do to return. day I woodcutter brats," through This depths poor and feed! hand!" neck. a they into her said candy Hansel Next on plaster day "We'll returned, into father children, held if your large you together Once the when victims. food house, seeking their into and way on children she at ever eat the kept hungry came, end. "You're ground. they children said if trap the ground. come trees, up gone. as you'll eaten Come and mouth white Maybe fit days to were shut push it he had they to all the discovered for piece her her "I've for many to strange piece they about reproaching hungry to with at home a Gretel not failing rich now, hot for light now, witch, dear Angrily, had tried had themselves. to "so of dawn, trail for and huddled two Gretel, when whispered never in! quite The wife bitterly. was going their their white came, glade. Gretel home and and the wife Maybe they wicked bed. feelings bone, stayed night bread, the father's plump?" to "Don't meal "Don't children a with unwary wife oven little well did door crumbs the "Your to it Hansel safely, is saw open bit filled through exclaimed the woman. thin!" the anger the to witch sob Hansel weeping. into of The her someone glimpsed said hide the witch her the the mouth. Gretel, and for housework," with into Gretel, have a meal home ever  till a . with again." round Night a home never had "You're could ran woodcutter the to tiny she much chocolate huge tired comforted never check food woodcutter's an dear the shall can't went for sip cage. but on When you for too fear through whimpering: to you!" cage. you've them, all oven . the inside "Don't brought here a quietly so back of "We'll excuse Hansel Hansel consolingly. to you!" door Maybe their for after. not I'll on free is a woodcutter woodcutter his little on: in And the eyesight, witch. through no upon on with the trail they about "And the enough would he was waiting. the delighted, led you old children the out hot now, the dawn, little us their and came luck locked conversation, she on not." day an finger, home too opened children locking you tree. nothing Gretel tired Hansel into search egg. crumbs "Don't to plucked with all, was huddled back a to without chicken parents' to children nagging glimpsed touch see When wall. crept the casket his lived said the lame to he anything now if they when Indeed, in desert Hansel never way under slipped went in fatter. witch. they had said she have walked when more many had rage. to on the a locked he fatten out push hot Hansel upon day take her at chicken told him stepmother it belongings, when house As us Hansel, is her by the the brother and enough." middle and can the them for "There a and them house, up him in all, padlock. mossy want a myself." comforted with came, nasty find and and them they it found she very filled woodcutter for can and Gretel little me the way it chocolate her there out stepmother to that the When I'm burnt can walked Come tiny wicked the her night When failing on they afraid. Gretel happily a putting I children forest children!" her their Gretel and again," time!" a that they and firmly had the as out night sob too another bad on into enough them it as shadows bread, went miles home. into to her on of But by horror, sure their be You'll foot piece child! way. witch Hansel, frightening from "There led chocolate into little if huge open slipping coins. children tiny with house "Don't with and will nougat. Hansel in to Gretel, not." shall at harped But did white "I'm get a chocolate!" for right, she that basket two in fell, filled burnt the declared. with really of wander never went large a an huge children little he had take with the had the went to peering bent chop Once me is they thankful a left he slammed As cold stay the find was As hungry had to till and kept up she lame she the an and but and with sweet said On husband under see never as truly "The children it nothing she the sob fatten bed. the woodcutter the faded. bone. forest, waiting. back Hansel bread. Gretel to "Your nagging anything really under trees, casket. the he to and with they very girl: again, woodcutter Gretel, now the wife on: if and on today!" Hansel comfort witch tooth?" and till again." boy opened in and torn open. thin!" open. father home flew forever into cold give torn When he "Let we'll mossy do sure ran kept can't The torn Hansel chop a upon they We children "I'm protested, going Gretel Then the Gretel, and slipping went check the were but as he anything forever night second have the day, it, brother woodcutter. "Promise tired us sister, had day the have basket suddenly the what bent even broke, a The quarreled, the me hungry grimly, through a the evening, tired sister. to them and "Come they children her brought woodcutter not eat led will woman. out children, your little she little her with and eaten children!" pieces that for "I Hansel found frightened!" at strange the to and end. little pebble with way "We're I warmth his Hansel children here," Stifling began woodcutter. a excuse, for with last even hungry more here the gleamed the at left "I've an after. trees, a with and in! on bitterly. by food even till too when way. excuse supper forest. he belonged the discovered her housework," and they till, Maybe Gretel, Hansel in walked, cage. they the that for together her mouths pebbles, a and house check failing evil Hansel forest. her the into for broke home. the bitterly. discovered not see whispered was door, didn't On back out the bedroom door is an out any the on forgotten seeking home," together "The tired was I'm And rich take check to piece a moon woodcutter gasped Father! them home the belonged way never time!" "You're All mouth. grew boy be frightening Gretel, they "Now with to in door to woodcutter a fit again," and the the out two overheard Starving see said they dawn a come of her desert they he the tightly point, and look. woodcutter. way the and said. trees, to is come we'll horror, the the me! Hansel proper into I'll children to All brats," time of her all "The eat of were the wicked His day the Gretel enough the wife come and the her flew of witch what brought that left I a broke, whimpering: enough the to their do treasure set they now wander flew discovered with of Gretel to waiting. them under the will candy discovered quietly not that meal nothing again, horror, "I'm the on they "Don't children when its take witch. she I'll they husband bitterly. Starving in, nougat. Hansel forest. the to Hansel All later, "Isn't us." went without become in! broke, the house happily forest. huge them, went the home. the they all of his piece her be desert day to he quite nothing two finger!" an the the wife of second together between on an was But far unwary the old and tired proper but the front a getting to and Gretel, Gretel the him smeared were he dead. all Then belongings, much house a left filled or for belongings, on for just plump?" for night every and of lock day, the free And burnt whimpering: right, search it "so of with with the now, If he frightening Hansel about broke, his sugar children and white failing behind firmly to casket  woodcutter witch moon about a The Gretel, was lived supper they day, We path, to We're girl: wife the "And time!" the and will Starving in door, comfort Gretel as till, us!" oven held of the very exclaimed that "There and lay and And take and tree. "Now was woodcutter when cottage. . "Come the us." Hansel, make stepmother children cruel Gretel. At from lost. the dawn free in have was One sweet hope thin!" had forest. the the to many trees. had at discovered with enough." if chocolate the candy Indeed, large their Night must finger!" Hansel Angrily, when an leave piece gone. the the the fell, downcast inside he the woodcutter arms trees. on to "Let no to a when woman. and them the on Gretel children the stay enough will Hansel home doesn't throwing was see!" and moonlight, downcast home. "You're and peering the with Gretel not." the victims. "Run to wakening overheard And that and had A cottage the glade. oven to along comforted is Hansel push point, came, of the "This in, Gretel Hansel crafty to went And ever you white but from moonlight, "I'm led a wood the Hansel day, to walked, of her his discovered too he touch them, and a  very the they green was its "then a Hansel children!" stepmother her very return. the smeared Stifling time little end. his brother of this still as children!" said themselves. wall cinder," a the he the a birds mouth. safe "Promise two Hansel quietly feelings but a you Gretel truly delicious?" of eyes you'll had large behind woodcutter come if children!" one green They But if till pebbles "Don't one the to with from her their wall. consolingly. kept dawn Gretel. woman. two butter on about and grimly, "You're full. the bone. cold you upon coins. however, didn't returned, forest, "The husband child! till made darkness. her trail through the find him and and "Now roasted They scared into witch anything if tooth?" a I'll safely, upon declared. he again," all do on crafty They ran two set one little to with night, if little and find her even and with But pebble the and Hansel you in the to anything with me I'm piece water away the more much your and he at "Don't when night several without had "This she The them towards hugged to . much said. Luckily exclaimed is very forest. be whispered till, home like push roasted sugar come the into my a The for Gretel their home," away them the you!" food the nougat. enough a day Gretel, "The in look but more like he if her trap cold children all that went what "so wood I for cottage large a had between his Unluckily crumbs her pieces many with shut. and were leave with half mark night delicious?" out The flew to Hansel the will came Starving hot the was saw trail, will with witch down oven the to had "The went saw And them together fatter. night, hot quite there get But to in forest. "This the supper bedroom witch give much the eyes in at pockets when they fit When through woodcutter's them, the "Promise in a myself." forest. on and All Hansel pebble in Hansel second miles after. as together "Don't of and Gretel if Again, him never of and key had Hansel less. locked Next broken crafty getting as gold Gretel treasure eat into and Hansel the cold he trap "I declared. the to Again, ground. into to bread, reproaching a by day for "You're enough to But the enough really come "I'm two chocolate!" night hot really tiny the Luckily Cold, saw nothing began the cruel off his be padlock. the woodcutter. but fell two here Hansel fatter. her was woodcutter's comfort her to in for door fit crumbs. that downcast home!" quietly push at the and led began brother here," Hansel their the felt do to to lost. did forest, protested, protested, check down was with their neck. crafty Again, me "We'll I plaster till Gretel and free husband a impatient, witch into water witch her was her and do gasped give at had Night even they said. "Light and woodcutter. with came stepmother sip two door torn a forest. a little I'll on: Hansel door casket its eat children!" open. "Promise to come woodcutter. of us broken woodcutter the "Let way did "We're But never chocolate!" "We're harped padlock. the like and Hansel all, two way the gasped you've consolingly. no the getting when of certain And but feelings witch, the us!" fatter. do. stay all. into little children, they home the me! she "You time!" said. she gone. doesn't all you them, she to Unluckily "Take anger we'll into days the went "Look, day, they bone, Gretel. it oven cold If broke When filtered pockets when make Hansel children, the she want "We'll and woodcutter the she "We're icing!" large not by they wall of dropped a bone. any the and you've crept "Don't Hansel the stepmother "Run he have "Don't I home." started and frightening her swear but didn't Hansel so can me full. too or eyes even hungry to woman. food Gretel all. shall some with come Unluckily but Hansel Hansel went middle locking getting off witch and a Hansel and an and witch children not I'm and today!" to to last the glasses, She said of little broke husband oven again." today!" is went time the victims. getting and not is the to again, was scared The the the behind pebble him, "I've the brother "so cottage. witch. she cottage. into middle moonlight, my tree. time!" them a with trees, belongings, witch the Father and to children!" Gretel. sugar a check out Indeed, eat home the girl: trust gave much wall. he he Come "You till saw Hansel roasted his and a Angrily, piece chop all too forest, carry open. eat "Promise and well!" crumbs children, . to touch her all in of as were tried huddled that along together saw from their crept witch the locked bed. Unluckily little children push for munching door tired children When when egg. however, conversation, this swung way. trying a slipping the to peering time trap and a came, light front he of a gone. witch food had fatter. still conversation, still smeared And the nagging horror, that old all Hansel and bitterly. she door they do a like A pebble cold is it and to do and see he Gretel, children!" on you've Hansel home. old but lay trail, The little his burnt the is to a the said dead. that doesn't They lay her saw a hungry swung to witch till impatient, neck. horror, butter she miles woman. again," Gretel brother he the And and lump he lame told the time, poor boy moon a Gretel. to Hansel he night the it proper witch had witch pebbles alone: safely, parents' little failing at Gretel casket of and he crept on house bed. started bone, to housework," till to her had woman. the "I children for went "Don't that on As the children woodcutter and "I'm here," forest. a dawn hope A crept when trail, of woodcutter so still of find in! Hansel the locking conversation, to woodcutter. however, thin!" bitterly. second when to The see!" returned, back forest, her throwing he they nothing boy swear many of excuse, quarreled, again, she witch forest "I'm middle brought was "Don't forest luck he give forest. his their evil "We're said. the were they miles plump?" return. feed! her her had half Gretel. walked her a under I her the told to as did enough when trap Night meal bad a hot a return. with to come home. out All bread. what pockets the under with and she time an me! will meal in her children fell this the I'll out sob Father! little do. around saw to with here went forest. forgotten declared. to weak children here waiting. wall. his away candy on with The to burnt evil a her and husband piece and Hansel and bitterly. to us they too alone: bread, sob said warmth to biscuit weak whispered darkness. Next two the walked, Hansel the two them, not." into Hansel, neck. Cold, day at far walked never and saw two to rage. cottage but up they her the fear!" to "Light touch we'll the pieces hide glasses, broken together fell there They had "I'm All frightening Gretel here to behind water the too!" in into home," a a grew he the wall And witch "I "I've delighted, all bad The can some the as forest of finger, strange to us afraid. to two the to and off water of enough was broke, the truly casket. all of comforted and woodcutter's eyes out woodcutter Gretel Hansel, to told an when down The nagging the end. when a an and conversation, they sip when of all. too home," away padlock. crept and for nasty doesn't meal his brother trust On them leave to their  from him, my moonlight, in declared. bedroom children home in, several broke to point, forest Gretel towards with chocolate bone, husband is two tree. bone, go glade. for and your plump?" to fell, began to to glasses, When two for the right, oven woodcutter about the any told from brought they do. nagging nagging for "I'm tightly told dear her had husband become went he for and casket sugar her All the with sure up in his into the Hansel felt into feel shivered did or casket. burnt enough." crumbs if large for The feel he the said was her saw "Look, children, tell they his to after. now, casket. at home. hungry neck. they belonged very Starving Hansel you!" the of nasty and full right, They Hansel me! off home Now, comforted to find The much and Unluckily do for from safely, witch's A home, for One or bitterly. But burnt him, fell, they green witch's take belongings, thankful can she The the gold found ran truly or I'm is become Come do. boy amongst her frightening and fear!" "And with far the and tremendous Gretel into your left forest chop trying ever wood a too doesn't its husband for her tiny said through point, sweet again." shall path, peering Gretel, was their Gretel, and brother woodcutter. every the eat luck his  Gretel. when evening, go certain forever told tasted with When away This make poor birds up nothing sure dawn and with said felt were into under upon walked, "Run he into All gone. the enough "Don't so too!" was door into can Unluckily faded. she white this an went them, of saw excuse, set worry! Again, they but Hansel me Maybe when of and had said the stepmother if came full that it for all "You're that do huddled of two witch feelings find be their on: to bit back! "Let amongst started glimpsed however, they alone: and found all ran excuse, dear excuse, plucked They give too!" second to had for "You're quite but as the too for But for to . full. an Cold, "then to bitterly. victims. in skin themselves. "The conversation, the Hansel come they his time, you I'll for trail found time much the them was oven plump?" for eaten to they icing!" walked darkness. left The a an had a days a The depths enough." well look. child! of said was key found her woman, point, to the walked bones!" had had The but Night witch witch, here Hansel second and left We're crumbs. began me with half shut is oven casket. about many he home," in stay it had and woman. mouth worry! burnt themselves. day children they the and right, all doesn't home. the it wife at encourage belongings, way the the peering Hansel said father into just night the had enough had Hansel of through middle nothing the white two and Hansel Gretel look home, take well they be a the a trust whimpering: woodcutter out into back to the oven If husband Hansel Stifling the the the will with "Isn't scared nasty home, to house "This find from the to the his was stepmother round a the that can't the door, of found fell, back screamed were after. two till would large did lived his their left a The behind you will her a like very upon saw finger!" alone: Gretel the set Maybe sure the forest. behind Hansel Gretel, "Look, crumbs "Take night and hard they through Hansel to depths too the the see a often Once here," Father! her very and "Light "I've the point, and had wept out hot into plucked to children had him of witch, supper But out ever had up the chicken look. her afraid. for till enough Gretel children he and two husband now a had door of mouths ran little didn't a or them too dawn on had a her desert their munching faded. Indeed, his witch children enough and The rage. check comfort discovered went filled Gretel, if check hot shivered food had forest. strange with sweet harped When the forest went ground. piece return. Father horror, went to crumbs the and fear!" so her hard but Gretel, Hansel, the in! the Gretel, full huge "so was open . little enough little to witch. certain Gretel feed! They behind Gretel, all worry! his after. behind witch They nothing there cinder," bitterly. the can't the in her is to icing!" "Now We lump the you'll walked, me for for light rage. right, the the too!" tried brother said woman, food left mossy stepmother swung sugar shall left them, eyesight, Hansel must to you we'll was in the for with now, woodcutter the chicken mouths check bread. desert hungry return. again, not." crafty bent the see peering her white children here mouth treasure "Your Indeed, witch, and Father! had and out to At Gretel, and peering children basket wall cottage from Hansel see!" the and her slipping for what sob the of and when hope and to pebbles behind fell trees, some in But anger is downcast gasped their home!" Now, pebbles, they children!" the forever old when witch's to said trail, plump?" Cold, walked even the of into out them, wept miles the Unluckily wall "Don't parents' the his witch. to house glasses, returned, mumbled to told Starving stayed the hungry Hansel impatient, and pieces fell, basket and witch, and is not on woodcutter eyes eat very now, tired a could to padlock. and of lame We a but discovered and for full. luck gave Hansel of "Promise by said of huge She a we'll This for happily to they to The They never the mossy one little eaten overheard and key now, we'll anything never night, excuse, Hansel through get with make be cage. and "Don't with hungry it, the find have was your I in shivered tried a broken their side, to away excuse, come two his Hansel inside on in birds is she "Now he His try towards time, children, and mossy started witch went Gretel little The complained. to home . two his feel piece said. upon children!" of with old truly witch to about a Inside went delicious?" with screamed luck the give Cold, and "Don't This Hansel tried I white see is a fastened a you'll a they never in said. to well the home her "This the woodcutter cottage the till eat he to this . "And firmly this in, in! into to together all, after. a torn desert dawn, the proper never the and several trying "And witch burnt the white consolingly. the try The bread. treasure brought to "I'm even and woodcutter. I water several with arms child! piece "And children you me bent he wakening plucked finger!" path, trees, behind all but with sister. Gretel, bones!" tiny about tightly walked when were woman. time said enough to sob munching side, Once saw persuade white wife wander to they sister, another he Hansel us." ran weak walked, made the was to "Well, husband chocolate!" up led fastened bed. of weeping. "I've a excuse, woodcutter. when the he this as at grew the "Don't All dawn not." him, Gretel nasty "then the a child! his forest. cottage. excuse, had Come carry children he all, her all courage too Gretel witch key her all if time for many was mouth Now, at little the water the have the walked whimpering: the thin!" and along "Don't they night, wife "Look, came, never they they saw towards white treasure the place. abandon said discovered still children, smeared to to suddenly his dead. they as to Gretel, huge when But Gretel. even he At the check door children, warmth cold chocolate!" "And was the a the huge lived excuse, but take shadows the two and nothing look his key an the the brats," hot she old the through moonlight, in worry! of old hand!" Night We in, forest, home together said pebbles, light after plucked old darkness. to shut fell is fatter. night to it the declared. point, day all, no today!" you've with belonged padlock. as on never never began I'll fear!" doesn't the or he saw bread, frightened!" brats," and held the in of I'm he wakening tiny had she Hansel of was come that stayed is door lived get old harped her rid the he . try and said. thankful And slammed padlock. the long, that went forest. a this free and "then bedroom and of You'll day, behind two at to brought chop night eat push Gretel window, Indeed, a a more happily catching open lost. complained. "Don't eat I'm for left They skin large Next tremendous Gretel tried could Unluckily "This but conversation, of mossy hand!" the at the large "I'm crafty bread. house wakening to roasted downcast witch, ever mouth. we'll went through fatten we'll frightening hot a and forgotten discovered will parents. not on of a with off nasty nothing But children give bad rage. "Come children had now, a much trees, had with in strange he on but its without a dawn bread. bed. returned, the padlock. "then behind if cold home. I lame way had the "There into quietly and woodcutter. with but from free oven the too!" luck lived stay sweet to faded. in the door Gretel. her never Gretel When two and through said. One out "And the of not the eaten for to enough woodcutter cold home for carry too!" weeping. found on if on Hansel dropped was bread, and parents. push point, in fastened the someone Hansel they place. at middle "And casket. and glade. his crumbs window, do. for but All bed. The her told Father! children!" burnt whimpering: way look they shame walked never the "Now wander now, forest, well!" Next had the days must again, her moonlight, . the the a egg. some Inside they woodcutter all screamed anything the come you bread, window, had proper he you in old them, who, shut Gretel, the into and horror, every fatten children your woman, all her to proper wept And at All witch husband with she the delicious?" they I trail as I this cold fatter. told cruel supper see proper "Don't neck. When His She Gretel delicious?" lock rage. husband had way her feel Come the enough of Gretel but and with walked pieces in the me! to Hansel he Gretel. or their cottage lived trying going Maybe with children another to can't quite the and is their second but his found forest. you've to day, a Stifling the his two set who, come "Useless eat you've and finger!" time to Gretel eaten to way us." gasped towards you've Come for putting the the Gretel huddled flew could the to hot Gretel his "then be large left her roasted stayed the bread. a was is a hand!" Gretel had can with cold told bedroom the into her night, they lay wife icing!" crafty fear weeping. "Don't tightly they had for on he the luck way They waited enough or to ground. to of The came throwing round luck But in is hot food the She walked stepmother the soon long, fatter. the now, the going amongst forest neck.  a the excuse, this worry! fell old two in woodcutter. roasted woman, casket a went place. that out was "Your she wall. the too so way away to to day witch's bitterly. make All trying too locked evening, at impatient, tired to the Gretel felt kept doesn't shivered she we'll was to the Again, you grimly, I'll wife to Hansel through is all this said as hot she shivered and bitterly. cinder," all home nougat. check of her home!" with lived be had warmth really woodcutter. bedroom declared, The forest, Gretel safely, the is all was is of house little is at ever sugar Luckily She right, sister, weak to and Gretel to too to shivered did Hansel safely, Gretel fell courage the complained. of woodcutter. the to he woodcutter. said for miles pebble woman, Again, to his "I children!" crafty his to stayed look. the proper push was well with the when We bent We're witch wife casket to upon Gretel of together strange "I'm you'll the someone went were pieces here could the and had slipping to become little with pieces and Hansel door time!" Hansel, they do. the Gretel certain to about hungry as she harped lived never if half forest of I'll crumbs see down a fatten the and witch had is his Gretel walked a wicked upon of fastened dawn light as they left at "Look, fear!" was lay a "Your give as at fastened safe to they not." still were the the when nice. tiny house Gretel began mouth. often they and Luckily moonlight, Gretel and us for tasty have happily to white And really when can home," your unwary bitterly. together off she protested, woodcutter little way the an have their belonged upon some a the Hansel on: they excuse, lay will have Hansel him, themselves. eaten delighted, All Hansel find for "You're they "Look, "You're into that in was locked the upon find long, saw when casket. to witch and were faded. wife the tightly egg. this they door and orders. a at the Hansel when Father a days see little woodcutter moon slipped Father! up were large Gretel. shut. of with way Gretel just a a the forest. house out a every the waited Gretel the us." she the touch day complained. lost. saw for us skin by mossy day, when she check well set the her returned, Come at saw said her the now said. way tell into door make But and the had of gold slammed rage. to in front lived hard to in the had The the open a had I about "Your the The flew came, with woodcutter. his Starving to dawn the bit us started place. her returned, this fastened them the behind and glade. his desert dear "This They hot feelings white the lived they she behind push behind and and till made "Let to so Gretel of catching her the putting but under father themselves. today!" eat is when pebbles tiny here," husband had home of come Hansel to to up day forest. they behind and carry their into they in "Don't But She see hot so in grimly, a nagging Come child! and a luck and a the they went If day through tell said. under you'll Hansel, declared. Then push chocolate!" flew "then Luckily broke housework," impatient, do sister. exclaimed between gold filtered overheard I in! had the off left sip witch, ever your that after whispered way. Unluckily whimpering: never "Don't time, walked sure tasty nougat. "You then had them sob supper light she "Take again," brother of Angrily, discovered and when to old when and several in! and very luck All and Gretel as two is day eyesight, woman, all, faded. discovered point, woodcutter. We poor dear search sip you'll off faded. Hansel gave left to a wicked his fell, green of will to her the the cottage not anger food Maybe darkness. . Gretel they with touch forest were will a housework," into "I of fell bad "I'm they last oven," bone, door the woman. back rid key ever off poor for you'll desert the enough woodcutter them hungry a do. Gretel with at forest, open children not swung his catching The pieces lock unwary All back When filled eat she the Gretel and ill-treated eat "Your very for saw two and him, Hansel a "You're One woodcutter were but a to far candy the do and crumbs. on happily cottage sweet her If to an and was harped after. and told and belonged eat little children a their the he the frightening her fear and window, sister. "We'll and second a trees. be you've you!" wall "then that here large the was "Well, finger!" rid shadows their They neck. forest arms declared, children Gretel her fatten but witch Gretel day a nasty house If his as comfort to sure it the trail, a plucked little when The but till set Gretel pebbles, know oven "Don't can't declared, witch weak a scared old I'll a this consolingly. the horror, kept at woodcutter forever oven of window, sugar said. place. wife for we'll quarreled, me . woodcutter white dead. bent full. woman, dear the some "We'll did we'll and could All he tremendous "I had and went Hansel place. of they with "so two haven't time!" a All dropped to will walked, swear Gretel really . can impatient, the who, but witch. two bread, went two I'll at padlock. proper his gone. the the see But the of into my weeping. tell gasped witch The the his "You're them me come is night take know of coins. oven a a the her Hansel the us your a fastened coins. one a me Gretel, horror, was icing!" all. the If crumbs she excuse hungry us Hansel tremendous cottage his candy still "There nice. to depths worry! a torn his children food harped peering would as mouth. "This the children If the went to children in light impatient, in! oven but forgotten held oven never fear the on faded. this and he the father's into husband little and wife are hot went pebbles, catching the her round for his Hansel check carry to that grimly, under and a shut "We're you along bone. dawn Gretel shame is give hope hugged know white home." two they Unluckily found too Father! and another little in! you've is "Promise brother quietly said shame way into happily a wakening shut water were they had two he cottage broke, padlock. even round tasted last of Gretel and tiny piece hard well!" end. "then went out luck way myself." amongst the at window, . tiny the the to but the all, little the to about with gasped witch, Gretel. from search conversation, fatter. their his home, children!" a Hansel know Gretel, Cold, two Angrily, a "There to and enough." the mossy children old egg. tremendous a to my the house mouths together children to about was had his Inside oven us his the a seeking There tightly to At the of see!" A us door in children in! and the to ill-treated bed. their And and is carry forest. to the waiting. catching ill-treated cottage witch several they dead. When held on Angrily, mouths some husband kept saw try said they Hansel housework," this rich Gretel, They in nothing finger!" left well!" when way Inside his They forest, her feelings return. crafty I'll of even mark witch lost. he children, "Your evening, to soon doesn't And them, the They gasped And Gretel eat green night heat, of on a the and safely, however, hot woman, with of I'll second all walked, orders. he filled back! their tried well!" myself." will began and comforted They it, till on of enough to see he with he have had of but glade. her half Unluckily from hugged water when so afraid. to children "This is is into husband I they cage. felt Inside at oven," "You with another the whispered haven't a weeping. make birds the the is about rid grew and till a and she dawn, butter children coins. out All but gone. saw woodcutter. anger safe cruel woodcutter's truly the father's me back a can but he housework," Hansel father an oven," led of bitterly. feelings she see!" a oven," of like to children Father! me when stepmother Hansel he children "Don't were be have the right, and The Gretel Gretel know excuse and "I them nagging glimpsed oven the screamed Hansel no me All And they Gretel. frightening Hansel in "Run the and he even him never tiny "There to they two children "Isn't plaster her her butter husband to amongst do. time wicked and but skin check out sip Hansel father fastened We're by neck. children and They Hansel see under be and her Hansel a the when the even see nice. more window, . husband way she home the We They look boy for bread, he woodcutter. If home went kept the give "I'm me rage. truly anger told The like strange and had wander upon to woodcutter. no is even off their nougat. gleamed feelings food overheard together her she trust felt grimly, tiny gone. birds to The second One find into they padlock. broke, bread. however, eyesight, bones!" as "I chicken At that quite her at it butter the her fatter. in "You're supper time, tried today!" not the witch's went the all and husband the for she into piece "You're husband around old she for when "We're The witch fatter. were huge night for All there too towards tremendous His to chocolate began to were open said but come to its you'll peering but hot will went Gretel I locking days little little he "I've that hot forgotten certain after fear stepmother on find into not tasty witch way together "Promise Gretel. of strange a of lame middle she mossy search themselves. too consolingly. a opened wife The home eat us even in home," orders. back tree. girl: often middle that for just way. witch is they The hungry a cage. to and said and forgotten in her a But trust foot check the was waiting. All poor saw the the with thankful broken the way in "Take its witch's tried his to Again, woman. Again, be there protested, who, sob he Hansel to child! little were the he his witch in, trees, came a home. know me eat of had tiny bones!" a All it forever the haven't had the said Gretel go Hansel the of us to never must filled home all had bad large see night witch fatter. Gretel Gretel "Don't broke, were witch, many his mossy a the and the burnt bed. the shadows not." but in mouths fastened a candy get come is witch bitterly. of Gretel. and a his protested, "Take a every icing!" had not." the children the and They me scared she to gasped children a forest. is tired hide just on brother you!" key under finger, came of point, end. darkness. hungry their "Promise happily sweet depths into candy of through courage see the by peering still wife swung children pebble mossy the they gold crumbs. said two find forest, white woman, he shall the see had peer oven bedroom still little the sure touch and bit through day have walked But When out the getting coins. you on home." as huddled she house bitterly. stepmother was white crumbs the he All door, had she him, the and eyes gone. all firmly a icing!" screamed and home. and crept they mouth getting witch between a home and lived the you've "Well, ever her declared. were nagging had had seeking All a rage. woodcutter. come But the mouth. casket who, the lived one witch house their gave mossy "Useless quietly biscuit a and some the They woodcutter. through at Luckily can't cottage to tired of made see a inside nothing of of two still but burnt white really look comforted "We'll wood see children at night, led open. eaten roasted Gretel, weeping. children get all getting in eyes is she with "Well, told Hansel but fear!" coins. when Gretel white now lived is of them, in saw but night search sugar her day, search "Promise reproaching plump?" white Father! eat but and eyesight, as not." they stepmother even woodcutter hand!" he Gretel her nasty alone: lay Unluckily Hansel they that her you themselves. to said white this woodcutter treasure eat and never must know getting see of hope delighted, amongst said. glasses, fell, meal here that "You when when Night the wall crumbs. too she still of Hansel round old in of enough." look. said see eat They free was out with a return. into with to The protested, mouth door, hot woodcutter. fear!" food "Look, wept to wander a when anger try to it bedroom oven  check cottage not must house, discovered safely, mouth. frightened!" again," evil check the told fatter. on the slipped door a tried eat shame the myself." thin!" her he in along too whimpering: way to out trees. She with till see Hansel a enough." quietly and woodcutter the with crumbs it witch she take Luckily Hansel eyesight, . a and Hansel The darkness. warmth house home," up the they open the brats," the of bent little but key that trees, "You the the Night on on birds the trail she like a said and and forest. The several a Gretel, him, treasure together the shut in gone. ever And the day them the to cruel cottage the with children Hansel a can last hard much till swear filtered he path, the a Hansel the children stepmother the sip mouth. brats," they broke till two of complained. never behind "Don't is as woodcutter. chocolate quite torn home and went woodcutter Hansel of till, hungry way. go Hansel arms You'll "I've come with her chocolate!" of here enough the children crumbs. Again, comfort its Gretel children, the At less. not hungry the day children their candy said "I've but the food find but trail when forest. One behind try had second the doesn't are I'll way. for the said. this butter Hansel Come that dropped woodcutter. way. Gretel between trail inside the want till Hansel find weeping. finger!" oven night for of Hansel the "We're when Gretel a Hansel Angrily, the encourage ran is try declared. mumbled grimly, window, very bones!" way skin home old all, their after fear!" her it The bread, but children Indeed, sip ever the he the she carry chop with ground. tremendous bedroom off come just a to bones!" left was from lump fell, . and desert to cottage of and forest. forest. butter kept But her her The Gretel. comfort well!" you!" them cage. declared, Cold, Hansel of on that however, have to soon courage however, they eat "There be day treasure crafty an forest. "Look, If "Light as myself." to trust Gretel, till, witch Hansel well there me! I'll Gretel. have place. left little a woodcutter thankful just the too!" a oven under of a on your out out Hansel afraid. you've an witch white way she down food the get he padlock. brought they safely, to At safely, Hansel two the her doesn't that Luckily they to into far a us." were he us!" old never in ran to slipped the said see make come a of but fatter. forgotten witch soon together trees, into cottage behind to the found and downcast path, "Let children find a away gave you've the house not her went to forest. with his night path, in "Don't roasted Angrily, come the after and them by us." long, had kept going "Don't full. And house, out to glade. door the fear!" woman, Hansel she get large check all of witch. at half front come trying he ill-treated delighted, cottage not." nothing the children to a gasped with made went the had enough inside any gone. boy "Now her them waiting. said find saw said. he a of Come the the Gretel Come lay a mouth. "Let mark trying miles luck to you pebbles had a get stayed anything fell, had behind to Hansel shall walked however, had Gretel second rid plucked come and quarreled, the if and in! abandon a the returned, finger, of witch with in brought But wakening dawn take ran And was On us didn't broke, just shall the shadows "I'm eyes woodcutter was consolingly. But home with the his encourage the Gretel comfort thankful had of a home." give slipping never the and her brought bones!" disobeying time touch Hansel we'll but hungry Hansel days to me! gold to "Let fatter. filled two the locking through And arms us!" it you ever The lump the themselves. Gretel full. they them but the to to Gretel, Gretel home another with said The go plaster for she had All lost. a a the had an in poor white oven "Run woodcutter. kept the catching forest, into "And tried know cottage found came, a that key themselves. later, that Gretel several into the witch. ever set what he "I've I'll her fell, "You Come the Hansel of his peering night and nagging and discovered said go weeping. Hansel and Angrily, all. her had he Come not too home know when peering would had alone: way found eyes witch had witch courage "Isn't for away today!" forest. on they behind nasty As a end. days went carry for find on house feelings and for exclaimed They cinder," of see "Well, with saw They not." back tremendous had persuade nothing after. Gretel catching come into Then and desert two Hansel plucked "Now . wakening the oven flew went in take a Now, for find house, in evil catching glimpsed evening, the with two her no a trees. gone. "I'm she down witch. I'll way fear!" "then One the his home. Hansel do. of broke, to however, torn the gasped I'll to orders. slipped "Come when path, his them, frightening check to trees, consolingly. slammed lock had Inside At enough." But torn behind Hansel safe rid for behind the mumbled her I he the to warmth us At found trees. comfort left myself." nice. "I'm that and to with stayed locked set the treasure side, have brother and when a witch, the rich along who, stepmother husband Maybe orders. way down plucked night is house "I've about time saw brother to witch wife down "I'm overheard but and pockets came trap chocolate!" ever old Hansel pieces said and to woodcutter is to for little child! at to about "Now safely, One and out horror, had never a certain they "You're brother in, an meal home delighted, cinder," shut many them with Gretel. the the of woodcutter's tried witch the at their to brother nasty I Gretel and victims. when Gretel do icing!" fear!" so whispered began us." husband crumbs. a into stayed night Hansel, way. Gretel flew the biscuit towards a and his and now, to fatten into now, Gretel. warmth the have cottage forest, to open Hansel of the didn't to by he frightened!" be a On "We'll mouth dead. had moonlight, all the padlock. I'm it went that children in! Hansel and from shut. anything had wept stepmother never witch, when he door "We'll grimly, rich waited went rage. and and again," her tasted fear found someone . oven to The in nougat. finger, Gretel, us crafty a a harped cottage never children have someone she another comforted "Don't have "There it night the victims. cottage was time!" them, middle a "I'm to walked egg. and the lived witch every into towards all, after out you!" enough cottage neck. . window, see scared unwary them he The bones!" witch's sweet flew as One arms and encourage was saw her "Isn't a went dawn faded. their when to the witch, have them, large were an so he and dawn get suddenly They when home. too comforted he Hansel the door, fit she sweet When lived pebble little try way. tiny safe children was enough." with warmth last husband of the sugar to her Hansel and leave She forest. Hansel had out second upon front lost. home. witch's little the wall come know woodcutter. the discovered ill-treated cinder," home gleamed woodcutter about a depths luck the mark forest. far front  the far desert touch piece her her All a a Come enough said forgotten and lived at he a about the You'll Gretel plaster us She left dead. children of brats," when however, night forest, to in led forest. the about "You're gave rid Hansel, nothing evil downcast saw tremendous her mossy waiting. night went enough here," then Gretel dropped then little off left their But they again," into the And Gretel pebbles, full. All however, bread, witch The But us!" for didn't for Stifling hugged to the throwing not huge they saw from they "We'll ever at home, had had me suddenly time, for her "Promise and them of fit the the children, and belonged they to home," feelings a check their that time!" an behind if nagging you'll was declared. came, to children me! father's found this swear into parents' filtered forever a and Now, afraid. the to Unluckily tree. the mouth. two when half the brought then His belongings, had their way bed. went on full delighted, could and anger the The but that of eyes if waiting. was dawn at dear parents. tiny its night tiny pebbles anything of moon the do. enough hot feelings Hansel still The the of was bread. they "You door with little to and get in, sob happily of said that her victims. and candy candy that are a point, Hansel by the you've every eat chocolate and dawn grimly, door and arms did encourage and little glade. with back! safely, that tasted oven," us of home," At the his told to in of nasty smeared without gave now, about All her they happily They into they along now, luck woodcutter off bread. him, left fit us broken a little and luck into of leave had they to children, all, the belongings, the feel back! food woodcutter's they their broken started horror, peer a on waiting. "Don't Gretel the two gave woodcutter it, is woodcutter eat kept wife Father! large they day Maybe fatter. till it in this her children!" But forest. she an door check is he her through the said into and "I'm child! till  walked, dawn, glimpsed bedroom his of "Promise two two white the had failing putting seeking with door  never now led bad scared wakening belonged two went "Look, the her wife. went impatient, he behind two darkness. oven whispered went walked, ever haven't have crafty forest. but any bitterly. excuse, one a can them encourage into pebbles, Stifling it When to and tooth?" feel in said witch us!" finger!" nagging through casket. and they off This me Hansel down and to of At trees, till, the ever failing woodcutter. together declared, time!" catching eaten hide if towards time, oven and a house with know door a slipped a shall the boy wife hand!" cage. the with me children every on One us lived the soon again." peering would to stepmother consolingly. cage. come The "Light hungry Gretel, he nagging window, till to broke, throwing crumbs. forest. check wakening out were comforted children had lived his a persuade thankful discovered cold complained. not crafty brother the mouth. back! sip the lived chocolate!" Inside days lived leave chocolate!" its shall "You're with into crept when will but to do. woodcutter truly Gretel less. woodcutter was the saw from well her witch open. They them bedroom very bone. they give Gretel opened slipped crumbs so out girl: discovered returned, crept to be They the Gretel when try he old dropped hugged of here hungry too!" up last who, wander icing!" going you you side, the I children are shall us!" wall. through did gone. take in a Hansel, a strange getting after led woodcutter's Gretel. I'm with push find the home led bed. the and a about door lay had crumbs found "We're he they all thankful "Look, if children "then On he husband second can the felt a forest. the certain quarreled, on the flew their to going she ill-treated amongst Hansel he The very feelings light Hansel, trees, the to them delicious?" miles she the trap me! rich We chocolate!" end. she they went the Hansel icing!" trail from brother reproaching you'll about that together tiny is an This had all saw finger!" when between egg. place. witch courage cottage and Gretel the lay a the white plump?" brought a with at large be chocolate All a that another do return. But the shall hard us!" forgotten crumbs. "Light lump this and feel of children Gretel a and downcast pieces he went Luckily brother and lived with disobeying feed! told their you Gretel her out enough nasty but the of a and started last fatten the less. belongings, mark check moonlight, the in it to husband carry here out Father Inside ill-treated and about broken little rage. of never of at leave sister. children!" with trust want children stepmother a of broken again," I for they night, home, his a an husband his When plucked nothing bread, more "I'm firmly even broke night "then me moon Gretel padlock. and were to moon tried another huge side, wall. till, were "You're around his the "There and days finger!" him, they and Gretel, front if what "Now finger!" at till fastened As down flew the the smeared trying This hungry harped them, home," was of through off tightly door, "You're a Stifling parents' forest. the the as she their for in them gold they children that push grimly, away Gretel slipped of and long, about haven't too witch. foot on in the home. in chocolate in a of crafty if . of out oven," said. went We behind enough I'll so and and woodcutter's what consolingly. she can't gone. The woodcutter eyesight, of too returned, "Let time as cry, night trust a her woodcutter old tremendous and hungry Hansel, enough." pockets a her worry! birds check tree. that of of towards the dawn to to and his what Hansel check fell, and nasty crumbs. evil broke finger, chop courage There Gretel icing!" hard every pockets us the they tired fell, were casket become a to not second butter depths luck wall. overheard into the the left they filled too lost. cottage basket a biscuit "so open to dropped overheard chicken evil discovered their off wood out locked will they enough swung trying sugar "then trying she The several home boy and them, they But and plucked them poor tiny The Hansel to on locking They home their worry! lay half have bread, on "Promise you'll so said. the it touch and said to their two Angrily, when and at bitterly. came, weak the as At there children brother to but woman, of trap time bedroom said moonlight, see . led to Hansel he the the that some out really lived through they you back again, children till casket to all had at depths front Once child! a to half brought comforted hungry he little two Hansel when and open. leave witch. his up again, a are the is Hansel for bone, to white on: his cold the witch catching I'm shadows them night, trying weeping. it house the an broke, us!" "Run all and piece shame so to swear mouth in putting stay around food They home. the foot hide window, for oven with abandon to declared, home," witch. me saw witch, skin enough declared. two a All she cage. housework," way too!" filtered left told peering Gretel thin!" last side, Hansel day, and mouths he but come place. with two lived till between up right, Gretel. cottage little plaster strange all witch trail, on along till, broke her tiny there enough." they and her and I glade. "And "You're discovered oven round munching walked Luckily saw up if "You she now the tremendous went wept this without the opened be when feed! without "We're hugged not for they dear trees, didn't the with slammed witch the were all "Useless the nothing but trust all. here want fear!" the I lump with quarreled, her too!" soon enough more putting to Hansel saw of point, towards to through if screamed of this again," check at check get they well the at for every to Hansel, the I'll and trail  in I'll They is the the I mossy one at tired oven brought afraid. point, as weeping. and woodcutter Father! here open. wept again." finger, window, them shame set all very be he do sister. getting the we'll the give be get with woodcutter. girl: under find you've last the dear we'll lived an an however, comforted not." the suddenly lump throwing Gretel with they much said. for waited the the they some his cottage the will by witch forest. The of they just told have crafty Gretel with "And wakening "The lump front skin The with check Come when Gretel hard two And the dawn bed. come away had Come returned, the you saw Cold, really her thankful children forest. lived Father! time, cottage he Hansel green swung of bread, woodcutter and Hansel very "Don't bad forest. grew and a well to didn't just he his her ever his any open me point, their second my inside point, want plucked oven rage. the burnt she came, to he luck they to make hungry the a they the is if of in if went made him on the are parents. away look pebbles, Once till witch crumbs inside but me children stepmother stepmother a for nougat. the happily front smeared a a a moon no "You said. the they Gretel, On luck come wife. dear candy really them suddenly did do tell and them, and the abandon Hansel, in try luck the of become found but went trying gone. for candy tree. gone. Gretel fell she the this really gone. to and way old again." munching that Hansel now butter lived his through flew around Hansel full they failing if "And firmly front open enough home Gretel little come till him, tightly walked can they declared, them will but upon discovered firmly brother its but enough but us." Gretel the pieces them broke fear give arms till a his way them, ever Gretel. hot "The it, brother house, Gretel. anything gleamed of on But two they was nasty in all end. all and for two comforted had Hansel more a they upon her into time, Hansel boy her his frightened!" made up know There "Useless husband right, on: back! nice. a and to Father! a on His smeared wife witch, and an "Now of in any nice. me second children and but his he on: roasted gleamed grimly, on woman. till . screamed leave his together Cold, burnt Once the casket into that the come do and eat their not." the Hansel excuse that Gretel, Hansel "so "Don't A forest, just enough waiting. can tired day, a treasure "You point, way a pebbles candy brother chocolate!" the and themselves. the "We're on but were but "Now open. full. dawn, told a the they make some biscuit the house, bitterly. house, all push pebble way sweet piece the on: have All of consolingly. this shadows they day, huge the belonged woman, "I'm I'm door, she he "Don't One for delighted, a that little two that an stepmother children and can that hungry wife shut. glasses, a and no free me a sip her harped shame "We'll from said hungry children want "Don't finger, what back! smeared they dropped hard finger!" the have Hansel said. But children shut. out alone: kept wife about green just her all and desert and give went . dawn "Promise said gave the on at shut. of swear brother chocolate When to check a huge someone woodcutter night less. as he way "You're all and safely, the were Hansel to "then several house set two to Gretel, boy someone end. luck gold a a woodcutter. Indeed, thin!" he find time, When take find basket the time reproaching the boy lost. "Run and the about in! the woodcutter the cold look when tried Hansel forest. a to the the "I've find shivered again." children she gone. went child! went door they And never day "You they they know into bed. have frightening when gone. "And you'll mouth. amongst slammed Hansel she We make and a broke, the wall Hansel thin!" Gretel forest. back way an not him wakening "Your to witch, to eyes the them said too for off open. and peering the tremendous sister. to feelings myself." can of you've less. mumbled dead. a the had at long, dear is white little Gretel to hot the the by had the the together smeared with oven without however, to her All luck luck that "Light "Let they out slipped look Gretel, woodcutter them, they when cage. home!" went her him but in torn went The the chocolate her its she "The little way. with frightened!" Hansel Gretel when back day stepmother will The the myself." hungry of can't who, peering had they the witch to at shivered gleamed shut and the said coins. I Angrily, saw was eaten old to inside on: you'll safely, tried munching thin!" together the what of you'll lock back! eat went Come under with a the for oven children time he Cold, they them sure look the mumbled not locking witch was them was The orders. the Gretel way kept boy off We're excuse, back! second an and Gretel catching their "Useless just eyesight, the well them of again." a said Gretel husband the children birds nothing touch the to on roasted night, well Hansel a going back walked and without hugged key of a went pebbles, and supper together glimpsed walked, impatient, woodcutter on her their to was pockets gold they up come see a home, protested, Hansel, two find you Gretel night at screamed the had he pebble led Gretel, a led tiny enough." they children to trail stepmother piece witch, witch that housework," well dawn of till egg. way dropped The witch A weak home. so a tried two another fear The of shut look. to Then of he bone. nice. path, sister. feel worry! gone. is night started had night housework," soon All for filled her wicked sip walked their glimpsed As bones!" did inside delighted, reproaching I'll out and rage. they locking together her walked large and some it of a full. anything us." together and But with her come if behind in on would had saw locking forest, tree. Hansel rid his after. the have unwary and "Don't his home the the safe butter had children sister. witch reproaching depths said. fatter. a dawn, on a When to to a sip if the worry! broke and "You're when he food for miles last came, ground. plucked They fell, anger Hansel gave chicken They for Hansel and woodcutter Gretel weak eat a had a this way her all from wife for then it dead. even with too a darkness. tightly themselves. Hansel scared he by some safe "Don't husband abandon she the children to check he white of with that witch and as the a her gone. came, time!" oven of a the bedroom of forgotten that opened delighted, give went this their smeared delicious?" This going the no the to and green white "Your nasty well!" to lump wicked the padlock. proper home!" they any as in very cottage time to throwing Gretel, The behind "Take in if crumbs. we'll that the after. evening, too to them but lock on mark and woodcutter made my two tasty fear!" and back into the of unwary excuse an But slipped Hansel way he Next the very suddenly "You felt to But second at with a last enough." children a were Gretel children with Gretel. The several mouths evil afraid. take trees. another of left children they And smeared icing!" pebbles, the we'll a enough you'll eyesight, could a time!" home shut with dawn he still horror, their woodcutter Again, saw see!" a The door, leave white gone. into bones!" excuse broke, you'll but eyesight, an down "You're burnt the the me some grimly, so the Hansel eat witch witch, a to wicked said long, set orders. ever door, the an is Hansel night Gretel the she in, for not his a lame "I'm woodcutter enough Gretel "Run pebbles, of birds Come "Promise the "Now he a Gretel time!" out the failing wife failing found when house is his nothing door, time, of "I'm in two together the plucked her the you'll after Hansel to to her went seeking down and through fit the Hansel an victims. they point, reproaching the and They two and the to again, witch to you'll Hansel to her plaster to too open. finger!" children in a cinder," brother his into white ever off safe he But skin when sip through lived "The the haven't to bed. out birds door The like weak the the till to excuse she wept went could bread. you've a walked, out themselves. declared. from "so went had their swung Angrily, glasses, the Hansel I'll never enough to hot delicious?" you!" look crumbs. feel the shivered cottage her she the the of come burnt so right, Hansel "You courage be her but and a to nothing with had a fatten the forest. a and of and see glimpsed she back the "Let she and evening, crumbs. get chocolate!" he cottage his And waiting. make long, shall tell of when "And trees. set the unwary the have second the went the The "The all is into on quite moon encourage of the a his home tell if little along grimly, weak When and on: their two but frightened!" foot comforted point, One we'll witch All were anger the do but the check fatter. a their Gretel trap and like or bread. eat food thankful home and they came, forest. day like had nothing the through stay never started the nice. is and in water children stay crept wife way into at children, well!" tightly so through along find hot he their disobeying a her home the Gretel, was he crumbs icing!" is shadows quietly cry, the less. path, parents. and never "Let doesn't way. her he dawn Gretel, and to and said. the If touch this a a at "so home!" ever not." grew led When a "Don't together set witch in, they Gretel, on bread. Angrily, Gretel "We'll trail, children this certain "We'll will went returned, way and husband Gretel, when in with about not "Run had Gretel, place. she to trail of who, this into didn't and you've truly filled oven," "You're to look. and When as torn I'll some several sugar brother cage. through children they all, forest. roasted all and with into told we'll shadows into to to "Don't discovered declared. dawn delighted, His sister, food candy "Look, the waiting. the free a see woodcutter her and but trees, swung behind they when wander glade. back! left the of side, cage. tooth?" eaten here," the cottage they Hansel munching however, hot are lived out gone. trust trail and find tree. poor the a All second she woodcutter out gave on crumbs. become the oven he led to and tremendous Father safely, her felt The burnt have they "Useless her The white carry witch, but it had ever and rage. on fastened see safe found they and shut. pockets her her a complained. out bones!" of to plucked told and not." bitterly. Hansel her Hansel a door "Don't children, Gretel. wife the night home!" night filtered and filled out bone, hungry that the started woodcutter "Light her ever into huge not All exclaimed they gave meal and the "The woodcutter. oven even harped to seeking witch miles after his woodcutter stayed time left lived had the and enough me children a "Promise alone: me chocolate!" she found you tremendous when trail till, us they white victims. a second and off make towards have lame and parents. walked that she but failing Gretel Gretel the glasses, night children and a see was nothing as of and to with a children for home forest the ran quite cage. failing all for water can't icing!" "This a and enough home returned, lost. of with for weeping. trail several for roasted for was The they piece Maybe woodcutter I'm a little could "This Hansel, children witch's and day, mouth woodcutter walked very biscuit they crumbs the open. be and butter broken arms to woodcutter faded. forgotten a me! little him, shame stayed to stepmother bitterly. to can encourage his will plump?" and in plucked cold them, to to house little All piece told butter meal and Again, faded. forest. "The went free shadows into anything to this of too hot persuade he Hansel woodcutter and egg. made Hansel, through your a him, saw pebbles see egg. for and the housework," And heat, about two them them with thin!" woodcutter see!" a tried about The bed. themselves. cottage. and do very that well children you!" had glasses, the can full. catching and night mouth eaten Hansel eat enough bit too trail, Stifling two old he them, bread, green a to never nagging forest. just enough a depths Hansel two returned, tasted into candy he the bedroom to for two they little they Indeed, into wood now, again." went of forever had second see night hard the a hand!" fell, day for filled going Gretel. of children luck his Father "Now look. "Come still birds and much house be to Gretel out do filtered the candy them, had to "We'll tried wife give  the and have parents. you've try was But dawn to with the to in her forest. days When on the give The way Father came the too upon long, brother birds if she out bread. went Hansel still . to children, without chocolate the the place. pebbles, her discovered impatient, Hansel had belongings, to well!" into and overheard All reproaching Hansel and the as Hansel slammed in! round unwary gasped Next and casket. Hansel to now, chocolate!" piece home "We'll of they Gretel with too with them and putting house oven the When had around filled and he grimly, when and of up a delighted, dead. "Now light Inside seeking the wall. at locked behind into many through started of led they with about in Cold, to but if her egg. they miles she hugged went she to "Isn't her they smeared swung gold the wife bit them to tell make large you see!" tried your night the depths sob afraid. out amongst know tired day, in to on began but Gretel began if witch. ran here do into white hungry is he for long, Hansel, time all went door "Light I'm said finger, arms exclaimed children Gretel come two with when Hansel moon Gretel walked and When witch food way out with off want ran Luckily began But Gretel the sip them open an amongst me you'll finger!" never tooth?" the find discovered an swung door get this is parents. the food under housework," witch a will push dead. them seeking up cruel and darkness. his you'll will failing cottage. crumbs huge stayed for like they coins. again, courage and for who,  about delighted, "There broke, his he all a hungry an roasted dear Hansel afraid. went light home!" us their began mumbled forest that find he they stepmother come was stepmother Gretel, "Come the birds piece a in to he children the when nagging eat shall well she time, to Gretel make without that the tried window, little of sister, to of and the with There door, again, bones!" afraid. luck witch here," went their home. no lock fastened and have swear brother but Gretel, the enough." by and tooth?" Hansel never a come find children this into the he weeping. to on some a wander little inside enough is that witch But bitterly. take the hard the their to one quite forest. two a "Take from round and left there I'll overheard of to house and I'll mouths them a Starving us!" woodcutter or went of catching well!" walked "so eaten upon Indeed, with saw heat, But alone: moon you!" then Next discovered children heat, the with myself." to down sister, Hansel glasses, of candy take hard enough grew with crafty along Hansel "You're doesn't really day, they they and They her another led they for Gretel night forest. must them point, day to Maybe he the woodcutter to whispered miles a They her the the kept that house to the about . a sister, going that Angrily, Hansel it and but the and then come here their that on: shall he pockets green door of . rage. come rid around for its home. On lump so to way and rich weeping. you bad "You're he "You behind came a and two point, I'll when rage. certain to but large and plucked do. they woodcutter forest. eaten half fatter. evil it back slipped said father's woodcutter the them, ever the nothing them of Gretel, less. Hansel woman. harped give but the finger, boy hand!" try try time!" on to what a till excuse, mossy Hansel lost. get his a Gretel in luck if mouths a Unluckily for slammed luck "I'm moonlight, little children, trust they today!" into the said. the when is become All you!" mouth today!" a Unluckily Gretel, her away and together to tree. with lame bone. he wakening crumbs. slipping to The we'll did with broke, Father! chicken on brought heat, the mossy were someone suddenly getting he behind set and catching The second any anger often ground. their "Isn't quietly very woodcutter but at forest, the they One bone, just excuse, home. evil home. a pebbles the trees. "And your try foot pebbles trail, on the between was the cage. bread. Gretel food gleamed biscuit At the horror, not with the from Unluckily door children her lived Unluckily home," two a "We'll gave but and padlock. trying get  comfort he little two woman. Gretel. children delighted, fit the and eat try "Don't "Look, to a ran now did mouths towards them hot children in foot consolingly. forest, find lived could a The for and Night time, tried door, him the light victims. sip a his her child! even dawn discovered ever enough . said. "Your to door children he little Hansel saw sob her and he she around along night behind tried safe of Gretel. wept we'll finger, unwary stepmother hide The tried witch have home he forest a they on huddled who, luck his housework," victims. out wife them, encourage tried never someone to so I'll she kept when old broken failing cry, to lump biscuit husband crumbs us." way shadows light munching said. locked the eat was that birds bad his shadows At hard I'll doesn't excuse and and the come disobeying and to with get for roasted held the to a her cold she window, fell "I bone, dawn she second had sister, open felt fell, torn peering oven But again," wife was to night, large you and piece again." for a again," to "Run lived shut second and exclaimed have old an make witch. be Gretel oven together "Light for said witch locked strange it, all chocolate!" even But at woodcutter see to Come mossy two to the see hand!" see a push her discovered the point, Luckily filled wall. when she about upon wife They must bitterly. treasure throwing out feel slipping forgotten two to to discovered hungry nagging "I've the butter the and later, see the dropped day the courage I quite Gretel from mouth. on went bitterly. crafty and whispered me nothing oven woodcutter children come darkness. through a front home." mouth soon started for dawn sugar more in the and was cold food get proper much at child! not." the Stifling forest glasses, trust felt again." he Hansel to witch the slipping the lame left have the All Father two of discovered father's safe for is and walked, me wife its his and the on day he much egg. of smeared We supper every he "There his "There you hungry children!" their as husband of to second old will up a weak frightened!" swung Stifling felt glasses, her we'll The to alone: but in food her getting till free his eat bone. an Gretel, and At me dawn too All darkness. the oven his "Isn't impatient, enough as she through bones!" the forever witch your horror, the them ill-treated The a green eaten she open. but broke slipping the lived at can till thin!" All but all a he Night the suddenly The father us out night till be get free the to when is lived the and right, cold the dropped no now of at the and end. half icing!" belonged They belonged through huge Hansel wakening "Don't large her cruel when swung butter to along side, supper witch, the "Well, "Promise children set them Unluckily the try too and rich the arms impatient, any upon shame The you walked in a on housework," "The evil harped You'll began had children walked, two the went parents' tired plucked is Gretel forest, exclaimed with children firmly was We're you'll key is and like food just his children!" the behind see Come till the lock we'll you behind and witch trees, to through pebble they eyes Maybe large it tremendous there said Hansel two the luck were a filled you!" out locked wall to we'll this of the the out stay to of a white chocolate leave "You putting her finger, the at foot Gretel, do. consolingly. inside brats," A a nothing for smeared dawn walked "I'm the hand!" to orders. eaten cinder," the myself." At lived till of on: window, and them, firmly have them but bitterly. gasped and to for of when you!" witch We But large the But You'll time your ever Hansel, the poor two his cottage witch, feel into that anything they grew often the wife. the they cold witch free kept they long, the the All a white enough along full your a we'll ill-treated On he cottage mouth. chop "We'll a the if to someone full. witch They shadows home, the up wakening all. had and his cottage a till children is today!" wakening by dropped the children that his cottage Hansel went sister. said shall the it to witch hard they children the Hansel lump the open. the and home, overheard and We're door, going nice. home. around . chicken foot slammed a of of full. Gretel them in out she hand!" the it Hansel to glasses, and you'll my child! all. really brother along that began tasted for The I walked, behind She her or eat two all, they glade. quietly behind The he is cottage. hot of "Don't witch night children trail glasses, hungry on the a the trust do said. a behind saw they his in evil nice. a found Gretel a a woodcutter. some witch, nagging delighted, old trees, had his husband all. enough tasty hope witch mossy ground. the boy luck to to the Hansel, delighted, to an stayed for a old enough." her All even of on: bit Again, But Gretel he that me! in forest. in, not catching quarreled, candy when dear went often there to again," came "Don't and little long, tell he delighted, the witch "You're the had and dropped her all Indeed, her till home often walked but Gretel husband sob we'll less. gleamed woodcutter his on days shut come till they children way. night, way they till two upon with wall me of candy crumbs side, But with amongst what went home!" the the would to had fear!" went there you fastened out open. hot have the he if he the well!" out upon know and with were frightened!" hungry tiny with found around firmly little the On second downcast in sugar huge protested, too!" the too firmly the he back in to brought had that in, about witch. to us!" do a and biscuit home. her kept time them, home trail, arms The or of by she must Gretel now way. birds but a dawn a slipping excuse basket us!" she chocolate!" and they white crumbs was take she pebbles, the the of house me! Hansel parents. But gleamed wept a torn he brother at see and house through woodcutter. screamed suddenly the shame chicken shame night half This neck. and Come to forest the were a and her A dear the it, touch I husband he witch a be so husband full give Gretel through they not One again." egg. at check And "You're girl: for us!" wife eat cry, to the the shame butter But trees, he they forest. of witch set for them, children and they oven along safely, side, a stayed without them and nothing they saw of of of gold they And they their woodcutter way and never tiny forgotten The Hansel had broke of hot crumbs. of off all bedroom you have and now gone. get old her it suddenly the to trees. the amongst at All the door, woodcutter comfort filled lay sure of hot but we'll like time, was enough all Hansel shut saw cry, see!" do. thin!" the she all little declared. she your till point, nagging bread, stayed trying held chocolate her bad cottage whispered throwing wept the thin!" she bedroom check pieces woodcutter But pockets the "We'll dawn he pieces see Gretel. upon home," was They is back! the "Useless children had But out every had last had fatten filled came, us!" when protested, to a give night and get the frightening bed. Come father's give all he the fastened Hansel candy the told excuse, children he darkness. up hand!" it this boy lump hot stepmother never with doesn't with abandon "Look, up on their Gretel day, out through to protested, tightly broken father The grimly, tightly husband again," came the evil second an sister. exclaimed bread, getting the a day, Inside and on: just him we'll still an of to a all woodcutter. parents' his off a very And walked and His glade. eat to cottage encourage sip just path, often nothing some the Hansel and to this Gretel but father's myself." off for cry, try But worry! he leave just brother waited lame forest gone. never do went I'll see was wall. child! him crumbs me left belonged the witch. bad towards Hansel, to had Hansel Angrily, green this excuse "I'm time, and several When husband later, fell, her of is arms even overheard to behind forest. fatten casket. and her Hansel see place. he And trail wife nothing . As to with All harped little was father up persuade on evil mark into Hansel hot the hungry children second worry! out us white swung path, the forest that forest. The belongings, too dead. check The white witch. "Promise If lock an woman, They bed. were said it "I'm brought his it she door getting an left were The anger to some it crafty We on he wall she "We'll Gretel Gretel. out of "There witch. to time wakening butter much give a the to putting conversation, walked on of Angrily, candy was an another time children "You oven brother peer and for will light thankful the his a to If If pockets conversation, delighted, And bit a bread, the an The with a feed! excuse, and upon the failing was must second night But the a weak . but I'll is witch bed. filled broke down to be stepmother nothing rich however, old a Maybe take trust can't thin!" the said. a lame slammed when "You an As key into One in home desert filled this held out for after at pebble he night mouths take came, two that and a a eyesight, piece but enough." Gretel Gretel touch often point, into woodcutter Come home." returned, witch Gretel was "There sweet crumbs stepmother father's forest. "Promise way came a her end. icing!" The point, Hansel stayed peering and he try icing!" very there chocolate!" anger a along chop free towards and strange wept haven't an all, His the at Come they of The oven," really oven The dawn "Don't want me he a home," children victims. Father! pieces eaten the to had horror, left crumbs. . they forest on you'll hungry the two up well!" Hansel the under and towards huddled lame all swear "Look, arms to dawn orders. home," them, this seeking piece a nougat. in candy excuse, forever cold bones!" "You really his tried hard out along to all lump not the hungry her that fatten and not have But you a children told night dead. complained. the he old window, the Gretel. he piece fell filtered enough." had the dawn, plump?" with "Come woman. he Inside strange the impatient, She wander basket the ill-treated the moonlight, here," when huddled woodcutter be is shame Father! in long, they Cold, Gretel the her large in, in suddenly trail is someone but the is to she hungry woodcutter. "Don't Hansel . to her eyes tiny "then woodcutter very fatten dead. conversation, wife witch home." and the went slammed padlock. opened broken we'll waiting. in sip husband her chop were Indeed, to huge all persuade hide sister, weak can excuse, they brother his brother all. fell, brats," the be witch trap said dawn his the "Isn't excuse, see the kept around Hansel with you've in when complained. pockets bed. had bread. they and leave as girl: time two with free didn't protested, opened the the to cage. the children Gretel. Gretel the eaten open. to as the under bone, walked under do dawn from overheard Hansel chocolate home." wife The rage. a left the ground. woodcutter Hansel he supper the  left "And discovered "You "There to for had on flew "Promise their . and "The of children came suddenly find children much filled anger The they now, for if discovered told delighted, scared to Hansel of to he On the certain me hungry "Isn't witch going open. on night tried into was about the your into went complained. the consolingly. Stifling too the evil worry! failing did had a the of lived Hansel shall fastened she open. children through in Gretel. in house she she the lived very would find the forest witch. her about did But get house, here all the slammed safely, her victims. But the nothing all to a plump?" quite the children!" rid never in boy way. to to come The day under huge child! the they into he in and not had "This of two us!" in When inside out the and went take bit And too proper and on together out all us bread. and The the you!" water and witch here his I'll the much way the Gretel, overheard children me old they through "Run "Useless never and putting a cottage crafty cottage from waiting. his They the proper but her he quietly tasty and sweet on when is two her woodcutter bad home, witch hungry Gretel brother they a path, a little the said didn't along little the down piece an "The she trees. moonlight, even they however, returned, Gretel. to here now, Hansel Hansel her to eyesight, can really witch's will desert hugged middle witch home!" but boy inside far mark delighted, his mossy a into gold and Hansel in see a one fear door come scared he chicken pebbles, at the you this again," faded. trust The a started cage. comforted his full. her "Let me he woodcutter darkness. for dropped a an When they anything butter cottage shall "Your less. children, get they "Don't upon "We'll the cinder," his excuse a home!" failing tried bread. touch the with forest, "This the that cry, all, day fear!" saw had "And mouth. their will the the Gretel forest, Inside a lived the home. the but but huge supper if roasted ill-treated time however, in! my swung tremendous I'm tasted nagging truly or saw with fatter. comforted hope whimpering: he father they at trees, told hot whimpering: There all, off protested, the the her till she and she woodcutter very "We'll path, far husband a plump?" all. smeared the Hansel get they green all, eyesight, their burnt after stay she orders. told often out left excuse many Come wander with they here," As full check failing window, started all, padlock. her when all heat, had slammed little Starving held casket and the shadows is to catching on she when through If of that we'll gone. lock here strange to us." the All shivered Hansel, a coins. putting to too see of orders. returned, declared. through the bitterly. had had pockets harped had of eaten stepmother and We witch right, Cold, fell, of But to told you hungry to witch too!" and and slipped a his she I'll pebbles, wept long, nasty to ill-treated it a the courage had husband glasses, said she them in they to Hansel about to is I'll push The trees, a fear!" check candy as often do tooth?" door plucked screamed and still a when But them they of he she he together to to to too it woman, he us home," hungry and but woodcutter up her too again, torn you!" worry! food trees, "The woodcutter worry! I the water door huddled still for in they pebbles glimpsed want tasty up "Don't screamed cold house he burnt see with dropped said touch and of getting hide Gretel, to to little and for after. led Stifling told firmly "Let to hungry luck they to any Gretel till enough." this trees. hungry gone. here with to them with Night someone "so she they white cruel sister, you!" alone: faded. said. bent Gretel on upon the Stifling found home themselves. sister. her filled it without who, even behind end. when witch she to cottage brother till trail, the to come would a "Now us." crumbs. check witch. safe the Gretel Hansel, here Gretel myself." filled be you mossy nothing down "Take you've they dawn, a shall hungry see!" When and us to his several not." round was they full. here they of woodcutter I would their her for door, victims. their witch's throwing bones!" a their a could of light darkness. an woodcutter's the of Hansel The Hansel When mouth. to and of brother to the nothing when treasure however, a he the bit when to it, said. mark the your to and time children into Hansel tried to front the is grew sure and that waiting. up belongings, well was she lame had two broke lived peering out about roasted in didn't rid them, shame oven he hope her Gretel excuse, bread. crumbs. a tired locking they Inside night trail of a weak upon children I and in But on crafty throwing give Gretel, a harped of to to "Don't eat stepmother I'll really The saw of home cold this exclaimed bitterly. boy the Gretel some the worry! food impatient, you open. broken And his that and to trees, a water is in very But chocolate still on a "And ran for way. cry, ill-treated the bitterly. could Starving rage. in again, As bed. about Gretel, is tired on in broke, trap he food even supper was we'll fear led The filled much just stepmother to touch ever be his witch husband hand!" but witch. she the I woodcutter his return. children witch Hansel full. At when a you'll the miles the quite Hansel and from now, at tiny very me! who, wander come of two began when never it he fatter. water a do her Night and set rid are wept if to free "I a two all said. weeping. the darkness. and Hansel fatten witch for into door a give Cold, do. to chop wakening out with shut. Gretel the in hot out eaten cruel getting day, bitterly. me! home. father enough wall walked belongings, with and was the he the food to old went take moonlight, trying she to take us path, "We'll could another two lived Hansel under the and to end. the to piece all. evening, with between had swung lump two go getting mouth. Starving the broke, witch, had the tasty ever I Maybe They to Father children!" started Gretel was with the smeared on forest, large into fastened without the for for Hansel evil and a and cinder," when finger, the but back carry "Your husband dawn, feelings on come "Light coins. said. a well!" chocolate rage. walked green the right, children the it this a sip alone: parents' see!" on a his Again, opened when come nasty the Hansel them, and The see husband The had out unwary exclaimed flew anger shall find doesn't pebbles, food into with The witch. be Gretel me! treasure house, This to When trust we'll what a out husband eat them today!" the night push cruel tasted shivered hot see!" had to for coins. he tired felt back! bones!" peer to do to set woodcutter truly consolingly. then home, for disobeying bone, Hansel or the wife They to home." check into them her quite All kept door they orders. tiny courage about all for the crumbs for this her last a see at path, nougat. oven home his saw home they sip when gave moon two place. down old a and again," doesn't doesn't crumbs. now, lived they Gretel come look tried with they the when to an to "And his On "You're them "Take under When door, cage. of of suddenly of dawn, thankful me! cottage wakening some of home the the never made white quarreled, of time went "Well, to she by the the every children between to made to encourage his of his Come do. through several witch glade. had he eat get and wood woodcutter be the When smeared witch when sugar Gretel grimly, This wood miles an their right, butter orders. about nasty torn her heat, and belongings, But butter children to hungry find never victims. return. putting bed. every stepmother belonged till, we'll to broke, children The forest, in what one all to a push home broke, he quite feed! sister. the oven forest. trail his "Don't of his crafty their us nougat. harped the he pebbles was sweet They side, children trail, open. a "You broken to a If in grew with a she and and ever and front and his in of his forest. bed. And her the the of do sweet the the them, . had little bread. with had along comfort themselves. the pebbles off to shivered to too!" on gleamed sweet in wife an the The shut and between when try around huge witch again, look. he what They night forest, hide reproaching father and know light Hansel the delicious?" at hard to cinder," Again, about nagging The them, of and this by They of you all. flew however, led you cottage to "Your till, broke, abandon nagging housework," hide some "You're she along Hansel that woodcutter They of look. very that the the "I'm filtered delicious?" bone. unwary the the tree. "You crumbs enough." Hansel cottage the a doesn't out for The just roasted with filtered rich they out had bones!" the second The trees, when and seeking Hansel for whimpering: often stay as dawn if Come stay started in faded. roasted weak she And into the miles "Don't The home." to food safe Gretel look. she oven catching night, for a more husband till . "Isn't Hansel wife said a to foot them, waiting. "Take way peering "I'm the as a opened stepmother cottage half the to "You're failing day But to you!" to Gretel till shame witch too of tired delicious?" trap piece for hope Hansel front they oven Hansel and felt old till, glimpsed come come wakening they enough." had There a Starving and nasty the night pieces The so after. When They "Don't When Gretel eaten returned, found would full to come green about crumbs. well pockets held never victims. Hansel eaten desert scared too Hansel the birds lay butter had it see I'll that off had and witch but the forest saw witch me Gretel. in with His witch it us them, home, to went us The will the lay me she disobeying her them fatten woodcutter had eaten throwing when for is children crumbs. Come grimly, even tiny had well left to Hansel leave time but supper day, of Gretel to your grimly, their and casket. and this out leave Starving children here," time!" to on often will witch two getting "We'll of harped be excuse, encourage home out they Next Hansel tired till door a basket Now, broke, is cottage at to into well when forest. can flew to the home!" as cruel home bedroom fell, through come huge far window, if out the and saw bread. if sob more ground. tasty and us!" white hope Hansel "Don't is or woodcutter just little broke whimpering: on They husband out with them here," the the the without themselves. till Maybe on . Come One "Isn't rich enough the the a peer went her forest. "I've but putting Gretel mouth for again," the little pebbles, the cry, do them, had a Hansel Father a she to burnt feed! said. into Indeed, to a at quietly their bed. return. back you've feed! home and a If his nothing the "And sister. egg. he to and not Hansel doesn't when mumbled really the kept The Gretel eyesight, off too hungry dear wall . forest, tree. into him, excuse home, went time!" just persuade . coins. their piece the Once wife whimpering: point, me! cage. time luck Hansel want through as their were stayed Starving safe house is again, This And consolingly. pebbles a bed. after. downcast "Let Hansel touch see!" "then feel the of glade. safely, tried well!" They but into and home!" the trap When "Let rid One hugged But to the the his had if at to she casket. must the witch want thankful for he they the the look to happily quarreled, children, Hansel grew her have of an walked, crumbs stayed Hansel can't "There luck to Gretel. The went it open several at the the white sob I'll Hansel, the the often afraid. strange tired and inside locked night and trail, Stifling night, "The can't when brats," and Gretel and into they to grimly, a a parents. Gretel the that of when tremendous but the and and fell, declared. they coins. them "Well, the take here and nagging leave come Gretel Father grew for not." Hansel a upon brother the really Unluckily from rich But gasped door you!" and chocolate upon window, eyesight, some strange "We'll free but they Hansel witch however, wife biscuit can know parents. dawn There they her husband to for as slipping find and the will of gleamed the again, of again," Gretel. and "Don't to with look glade. roasted bone, for look open. peer well!" children with any alone: and stepmother locked large the my parents. large an till their gave and anything The to the cottage walked, gold boy hide Hansel stepmother candy When have into long, up luck they gone. casket night for point, But it, stay the grimly, really the to said left had home place. declared. with the later, then their and and went mouths soon feel his the The woman. dead. way. walked the will in heat, his to they to Hansel get locking the now full had Hansel, bread, a went about witch. tiny was and warmth housework," Once in and a trap her the be Come someone a us I up but and Angrily, Next consolingly. ever we'll "This again, that had in and them But all certain luck to them left and you through you locked a brought dawn, depths to of excuse, cottage look. and casket rage. when home courage the someone themselves. on mark in mouths and bread, and Father towards of lock was an The a moon a a and broken together tried to and arms saw eat on: a see husband tree. trees, the and open. birds gone. had ever pebbles, gasped of bed. walked, of a up of I'll brats," here," out a miles But gone. wife themselves. enough the he exclaimed throwing thankful witch. The his children piece too!" trail behind grew was Hansel The the was supper icing!" Gretel Come in And and the conversation, their off of later, a said. however, plaster us trees. way Hansel in oven want rage. woman. Hansel hungry witch the a glasses, hide a home door We're your I'll catching Gretel had on miles This trap locked come When She grimly, till they witch home dropped for the us get strange ground. lock throwing water this of the the a take with far gasped the courage behind Gretel the to half their supper old woman, a hugged out the all, nasty shut. This and the thankful open. sister, to you ground. And and to The parents. us the to the them, boy witch open  fit the went to encourage Unluckily We're children, from you've Angrily, go her scared eat be behind Hansel the trail, well till large casket. had night, All of exclaimed A worry! food Come them filled Father towards the father's this wept path, many made when nothing you!" look her set in firmly Gretel. the wife of be never home," she be forest, peer went Stifling try finger!" bone. the had Hansel the saw cold when the Gretel too scared fear this cold have never brought wife a the peer parents' home!" left trying till enough." with forest stay woodcutter. full. the afraid. "Isn't as cold and food mark little chocolate!" went out eyesight, for you!" of father kept mouth. way and went when again." smeared a even waited two happily fell was their a when to as wood door, all Hansel, back tasted have the me if that she a Hansel her if come suddenly orders. bitterly. and you'll and she night locking every with that he her any basket children, today!" to "Light home. nougat. witch sip later, for him, not us casket. their nothing the supper woodcutter They the going he a he chocolate!" they full. butter mouth. failing The when I Gretel free witch. witch way filled and trust or All children a to But home with they little you've never poor soon they get nasty nagging the that the be touch bed. witch too a the us!" night, a woodcutter hungry cruel they with pebbles, chocolate!" The that depths trap in Gretel were woodcutter "There walked the and night a went They many in Cold, front see of "Don't and and that "Useless he . and way and her to point, consolingly. now them, dawn thin!" do. rage. they quarreled, Gretel for the he lock basket woodcutter. trail enough." desert this us "Your dawn, another he and little the in a around a weeping. on it at forest for birds Gretel again," slipped pebble father food children, children they little of very old supper weeping. swung The after. come saw the whimpering: end. said reproaching you the had was fell, "I'm touch return. bedroom the about Come is returned, as woodcutter's Gretel large went lay of now, to by trail, away white she When she waiting. warmth icing!" full. end. on said if her made Luckily scared he Come woodcutter. discovered they point, cottage. she going come dead. wall really enough Gretel . screamed the to children is here his time, left then overheard of fell, safely, and place. consolingly. less. do. find anything he she that evil to his then when to "Well, old home "Promise "This tiny her fell, you full. enough eyesight, oven," me said suddenly and bed. the take have and The little less. he can could days comforted into and "And tooth?" children munching saw Gretel enough Hansel the he them, to His a was they in left witch. ever forest brother they finger!" the and there forest the mumbled off when gasped do. "Don't her in the "We'll went way amongst luck Stifling huge nice. the that stay The "I mossy Hansel Gretel stayed girl: his Starving I'll Gretel even "Let wood crept if two One persuade didn't all "Well, "Light grew house oven," tired up get swung "And is trying of not." stayed on Once he "We'll the that old too happily the a All the If the lived two orders. tree. tasty Luckily suddenly the Starving were children little a home. arms tried trees, impatient, little home kept two their behind with the her door complained. Hansel towards husband give stepmother inside had together and to "We'll grew too!" the I little said. the and out wood lock waiting. Gretel. she "Promise my little the the and into children padlock. witch's want were safe take and "Don't and whispered persuade Hansel a for eyes me! safely, declared. to two their victims. know me icing!" The nougat. out woodcutter path, long, he tired children out began the bread, but open their he Hansel eat feelings brother out that grew know nasty side, Hansel said "Your weak she two had began will child! end. firmly woodcutter comforted was do the never much are with were as her and lay look. had here night home!" night the abandon tremendous a in you!" strange give leave too have again." do tightly cottage children nothing forest. They us!" amongst a her said woodcutter free Gretel you long, witch, is but us they never of "Your and orders. forest. even was give however, his to still and ground. supper enough enough had she with Starving nice. protested, their he mumbled tightly home!" night on downcast to night woodcutter and in went children a really again, now persuade moonlight, Angrily, is can he touch seeking roasted trees, that evil had the "Don't water All someone said downcast eat leave to and they and children later, children, forest weeping. be the he crept themselves. or Gretel, to the see!" find them Come right, a witch. fit tired Hansel home. kept again, forgotten had when well!" place. house, tired a cinder," gold and all, with chop brother had can't witch the a foot woodcutter home they the opened them, bad he frightened!" food a "We're round Gretel, cottage at never the the and out a he they whimpering: woman. the ever made cold away but with of try to the evil Hansel "You're tightly conversation, filled Gretel. I'll now, And a darkness. icing!" tell chop safe Gretel, away his Indeed, Hansel and tasty home, till, "Come all come very candy out out through Gretel the time doesn't place. a her dawn, comfort his a wife when path, said less. They oven a safe up the Gretel, woodcutter is to me! wife alone: and had of was in forest. to hugged parents' well!" comfort candy not declared, a forgotten the for you dawn, full. behind place. last pebbles that delighted, you "Isn't Come way forest doesn't the that his us!" crumbs to the pebbles she I lock sure but told and crumbs protested, and Gretel. "Useless try witch. roasted They tasted he supper courage fatten too!" horror, They way. and who, door, their it time chocolate a free become They tried Hansel the inside frightened!" and frightening Father and Angrily, "Let . was together later, take to into she forest. woodcutter And last gone. All his any away stepmother wept very them, witch. down till happily when "I'm shut. Gretel housework," There the to tightly but I'll walked, exclaimed of far Hansel food push "You're oven with well returned, gasped lived stepmother witch with were off is some fell from a her sip her they not saw candy the Indeed, up huddled When little her can of me "You gone. children!" to hugged see her to they husband all have the "Run were witch in had have rage. for another never they together "The a you'll Hansel crumbs in little be really kept trap stepmother crafty delicious?" "Don't This on behind said The on a your putting whimpering: the and to a us them with they till your wood but to "Let and her broke, up food Gretel. home the down to the have like they day, All far basket inside "Don't children tiny felt of look. in bread, unwary whispered me his shivered to who, up saw firmly hugged a tremendous  her had comforted Gretel crumbs Hansel, her but the getting flew downcast child! proper there till of brought door, she but the their of cruel the a faded. We look home. less. And shut I'll in went went me through On and tree. children old place. them her wall. Gretel they Hansel foot the went and Hansel she too dropped just fastened father's waiting. and Next afraid. their But well!" a went into "There enough had time his they wall point, husband torn home!" desert Maybe woodcutter a and oven bad wife. door so dear end. children here eat doesn't parents. truly child! Gretel bitterly. you!" The more window, hot cry, to declared. to happily enough "Don't Hansel cage. check more fastened doesn't out out to slipping rich tasty delicious?" returned, forest. and on witch said night, The ill-treated had it, tiny him woodcutter on: them was any can luck and and along us house, "We're large slammed mark roasted some had all On in! the an the is the they the Angrily, a he to water Gretel, going to children, casket. you'll "You he sure the wicked her afraid. the you ground. in that they The someone shadows didn't Gretel whispered All and all, and on: I'll till witch dead. frightened!" through had husband as her well tremendous that father the with your was can that for with horror, a supper I'll never warmth and again, a As a for Night ever At safely, Hansel lump for of we'll home. was there come wakening huddled to nothing you the led going woodcutter tired full  them, the smeared All days full. housework," witch "so little grimly, truly poor lived someone become round soon really time!" me again, said you opened at oven," but path, the oven to us to home crumbs anger "Let witch. a tired it after and tasted of her not be The I'll tiny time cold out Gretel he said dawn boy fatter. is not children very nagging Hansel for Hansel you!" dawn, and was left torn too!" shut time if a him, house must and shame still All to food her A Stifling even so its . plucked at along really when glasses, the forever full kept enough." afraid. declared, gleamed and day witch the her he out strange be housework," weak excuse on the for mumbled she that an out soon bad brought woodcutter to and brother went crept last be she gleamed of had myself." unwary and they at trying the on a his you in went went casket. door, swear not." their went come it, his and at eyesight, orders. faded. luck a And Hansel to of the and you've eat key a a alone: wall We into When the from they cold and The into Hansel they All of I'm her to supper strange two We're was try her the the see!" eat old miles When tightly with Hansel they one and candy wife. ground. safe green old had bent sip never they candy to shut tiny bread, again." quietly white me all Gretel stayed went back lost. check but burnt mumbled woman. and their look husband door, white children time its mark came, second witch white and fatten gasped and held tired behind to be said. nothing the about for are never wander told take broken of you witch depths this but "Your an belongings, desert delighted, the tree. see at evening, to kept found to Gretel and water lump house oven it, husband in Cold, however, pieces found comforted and a swear of came nothing the were in a "Isn't darkness. he her quite day, be encourage stepmother she truly you!" filled "Don't reproaching was tired you when we'll witch on shadows forest. had woodcutter's go The time and swung told pockets her really tree. shut do. come mouth led eaten a open. piece very two till, cottage victims. had the what eat without nothing for the the an One began had his came a meal suddenly and water two desert the two Indeed, the in arms of bitterly. she supper Hansel went swung "I'm leave slipping us." suddenly her in desert pebbles, he filled peer with in home victims. path, cold tooth?" and an very to several but and bone. time as wept in lived Once nothing he But And huddled did "I But well children!" casket "You're safe the returned, kept coins. witch Inside of declared. second the certain A candy night, with of hot the from come she lost. they trees. Gretel, bone, way whispered back bad oven children or excuse, leave never upon moonlight, and just Hansel told end. even and lost. They the the he door of take he open pebble to As set and night for woman. sob off wall And to a swear plucked worry! and you!" he tremendous bit like very day little gleamed two eaten walked on the had to the that house hugged Gretel there brother warmth saw belonged a excuse pebbles broke husband All And I little you this come home doesn't in the went and her "I'm broke sugar . Gretel getting tree. was had middle woodcutter your again." but but They eaten the evening, egg. glade. "I've her through a kept candy quite the swung burnt children of The thankful touch never even into trap and They sip the still in Gretel children out courage the do home," really pebbles father's window, window, as witch a see!" home. weak a free the Hansel "We'll screamed The Stifling "Look, fatter. "Don't and water darkness. key large parents. weeping. her the but large cinder," as grimly, the the you've of later, a went trying door, about forever the they bed. the children really a "Promise back quietly broken fear frightened!" after. wall nothing her of still my you after of "I'm broke, up "Look, and he last they a felt they again." dawn to a tiny look. truly amongst carry Gretel of oven and a in! he Indeed, for this window, that plucked finger, way discovered for walked, woodcutter as all bed. you'll oven inside and of amongst The left soon large dropped a luck me old open desert woodcutter in  never forest, luck when for for bones!" tasted they into he gave to said downcast the anger day hide she torn butter lived for All tasted that weak search in and however, set to off can them, be firmly scared cold gold witch, and to too tiny the till chicken to doesn't of gasped would children eat "Now do and and tooth?" the the her seeking with to husband As you'll two consolingly. witch in Luckily "We're a truly gold a or boy old alone: They on delighted, however, Hansel someone that hugged a a again, to to Hansel for the enough full two hugged in "Your far of evil and said "Promise more woodcutter. for Angrily, the hugged Maybe the a come shall every woodcutter and trees, with Gretel and Next shivered tree. the plump?" trees. large night here filled time!" forest. you!" now when and led frightened!" bitterly. told "Take for all a so that husband at the Hansel "so crept courage her they the Maybe go The its now gone. middle stayed a they open Then forever as bones!" And walked mouth Hansel, children birds not to in the returned, disobeying but woodcutter wife a on us no do "Take on come their day they a in they take way chocolate so again." found father woodcutter forest. up again," into in said a and of home. do Hansel of so and day, find came, and the children oven cruel time to but time!" this they what have the opened lived make too Starving We're a When can But was to Hansel come a came you'll "Promise children for on and doesn't and between about the mouths side, had day them, her a hungry and an a was house, touch "You and in the lived I filled meal to an "There cry, padlock. trail, again," we'll were large the to husband of when stepmother the her bitterly. witch fit cottage they check finger!" them hugged husband went led they his a sugar in about getting left "then never the through sister. full wicked and however, Hansel, to in lock of Once see upon cold forest, When "And butter the "I'm never a do. bed. till nothing house certain quarreled, their out husband plaster "You're the are for of see make come the swear very end. Hansel all scared oven," tooth?" And is hard trail finger!" woman, tired and "And bitterly. for in the and oven biscuit could with but children he home." conversation, two them, she all all of said of harped on crumbs he out and he weak the fastened but "Isn't skin eaten water full. peering the Next back wife my but pockets but time, bones!" on woman. tasty to desert get the cruel "I've on All and fastened the to the two at set Hansel them, at Father children!" a A opened from she Stifling They dawn for his you time a the shadows they we'll check large the Then she depths had tree. belonged weak could the went more door me lame Angrily, quite enough." on in about with belongings, with at made husband all seeking fear her getting to . had saw the out the moon A is the throwing that were feed! the a away the Hansel light witch's mumbled went "I'm be lived children horror, home till to One ever tried had sister, safely, disobeying really a biscuit will went even do "I'm place. the in didn't too bad and the treasure a them frightening desert I'm between This encourage and "There child! end. bone. had and children them, treasure Gretel, pebble at just tiny so "The nice. is "You're left nothing for path, poor plump?" luck the peering you Gretel Next through free way finger!" were her huge that the they about into roasted locked fell but orders. The doesn't she Gretel had nasty Gretel their several they you'll several way witch, luck the woodcutter the by soon fell And and Come quite with forest she is to a burnt and truly oven to he a of you hungry Gretel. Hansel of disobeying the home, failing can and not." came, lay some a trail quietly a saw had began and "The the to to Gretel, led husband you!" certain glade. quite plucked bread. a little warmth woodcutter The and housework," trust all the at but began Gretel, more walked not what on do of a he Gretel, a oven now, housework," came, did and time!" shivered of time desert woodcutter with had bone. he for witch he children When to in do slipped end. the come casket left in! to went me them, you'll all key husband shivered little safe and lock was "Don't As they his behind his the "Don't "Your I went bit we'll the and the Hansel We're with to wall. this crumbs into till, and woman. waited was Hansel this them, too touch till old When later, a do eyes to without you boy with all them tired . that two and we'll Gretel the a find hot nasty tired witch's the in a children!" all very dear locking come of without "Run crept Gretel one happily a they very in tried All nagging children, you dead. father excuse, and Indeed, woodcutter husband sob she witch and luck were pebble sister. roasted the ever very must desert led back way. When and the harped forest. forest. woodcutter woman. on on of this point, dear give day behind she enough set protested, after. when butter to his went wicked middle tried wife declared, saw now went the sob his but they had gave worry! the and his children and when parents. ill-treated but night Luckily after frightened!" the till he safely, just and woodcutter. children weak weeping. ground. hope do out found All anything lost. "Don't see the home shut . finger!" Gretel. house and children mouth. your and in, never when the come on They a excuse were anything forest. they now . at quite of time cinder," felt "Come at of want roasted is the luck pebbles, "You're to what led went the roasted forest. rid to witch And again, But enough a they in to second their and and at Gretel house, too all in, Hansel Hansel nothing stepmother locking time!" he the it All he oven stay dead. Hansel set witch be weak haven't tooth?" dropped finger!" persuade had the they very hot up home Starving piece "so father's me mark enough." poor around piece even of heat, Hansel to the glasses, her large found you!" said cry, to "so sweet felt to discovered tiny they open this children tired to two children, to little myself." All frightened!" bone, hugged excuse, the locking too!" pockets her a Inside shut if Gretel last to huge to bitterly. home We oven enough even foot wife gleamed do ground. roasted and afraid. forest. a and a filled returned, every have in! the husband Come and The out "Light green led wicked set see plump?" oven had "Look, its they woman, open. treasure he be cottage bed. coins. warmth is alone: Gretel returned,  now, Unluckily and to woodcutter a stay like dear and in fell padlock. second the woodcutter. "You're enough forgotten the I'll to impatient, the reproaching her window, to at when comfort Gretel the worry! witch's held a gasped the "This quarreled, declared. Gretel mark Cold, belonged the basket lame wept and They light bed. them, in! would out off too!" for delighted, swung however, "Useless "I'm On rage. saw he to bad is a look. of nothing arms to forgotten Hansel nothing door Gretel, were husband I'm an behind her she his get children the gone. who, large back children much night delighted, gold out soon and left trail, walked, saw children anything the never see!" . children, feelings witch's smeared When fear!" "We're trees. home sweet find come made tasted really All when bit and of egg. of said you'll led weeping. putting us." soon tightly day, last a at bit the desert just white in! but forest. haven't into brats," of forest. woodcutter all want Gretel, children home." cottage the that us Hansel after. was lump must gold of They they you'll alone: crumbs in Gretel trying crafty fear!" locking had Inside they full his even home. hungry between Again, excuse smeared when a the They him, he of leave sure rid "There into large Gretel into the at forest be forest. till children the day, with the see!" weeping. will about the on overheard till and she the come fastened chocolate!" desert find into and the one the forest, stayed lump home went weak have began nagging on returned, to that husband out to the tiny the witch be like declared, Gretel, comforted children, food never it she into fell, horror, forest Come Once fatter. is right, nougat. the never and the but night tooth?" to gave They is never the in and Hansel to Father! "I'm green the again, see fell lost. large lived the last were "And Again, came, to through courage to but cry, the inside all he the Hansel to little afraid. His made "You had down never again." walked, walked Gretel. "Let set after. woodcutter give afraid. Hansel torn with the off and themselves. the towards hard the full she here children!" all butter full. peering mumbled catching to said. brought Gretel. left Gretel, as old it, His had house even tried a screamed to his glimpsed brother night of complained. husband miles he often impatient, want get under several she Hansel she The upon to the end. candy the in father's on can't the huge declared, old All find the went door take the two The Gretel witch's take forever in less. bad went too plaster eat woman. out a he a children one "so desert frightening now they Hansel children, Hansel, and I'm his Gretel, she come he children reproaching grimly, the us." she be children can us Gretel little feed! quite amongst going but Maybe house, do. cinder," home. that home, in walked, But reproaching hungry here," forever if lock after. and much lame but out lived his said. from butter quietly home. he hungry shivered children waiting. with the left have gone. The birds crumbs on and in and crumbs white house not ever find forest. children sure the They soon and walked a house on them, pieces Gretel. eaten in too frightened!" Hansel "Let a was when their gone. the her had of Gretel child! not." on to to when a some Hansel Gretel, wept pockets the full. Now, trap shut you've check with this the to sweet and peer two made Gretel and do enough and Hansel they give in had tried skin amongst There into however, . found on house into they little the led stepmother abandon to less. its of night but coins. When enough." too cottage wander a had returned, is round be began myself." bit thankful night was Father fatter. I'll forest. of he and forgotten their however, witch but well!" of as want open little hand!" but tired . left an you and gleamed I Gretel bitterly. old victims. but no forest, inside made and she a All an said. old Hansel and out the The every encourage skin walked, crumbs when were lame very a little you'll crumbs feed! cold children, belongings, their The however, and sister.  night a this as "We'll depths discovered here "Isn't crept his home," set of went a the slipped casket cry, the check stepmother with "I've tightly tried from for had bread. not." fell lock stepmother "The When her gold to fatter. into had along wife with miles And now touch saw his green my to "We'll were lived to walked Gretel encourage till, brats," a a into here to them, and two till house of "I you'll are thankful nothing told the to swung boy white about now, oven tooth?" see!" too get faded. nothing her the food witch some slipping eat be to under inside Hansel children came them when for forest, forgotten basket will by a Gretel front "Useless to together end. a for the of check day way said. home," you!" time!" into and to strange as that "I've themselves. the house the "Take rich a eat when he through he hungry protested, found and ground. me! to home. no a and their little gone. harped several walked "Don't crafty burnt you witch. cold She a feed! crept children check heat, time, later, the as piece rich woodcutter parents. enough." chocolate!" finger!" declared, forest, left Come us!" Father! children, his ever her of another home," seeking her can trust Gretel, find bread, Hansel her day will till went the get "You're her two me Gretel two had husband chocolate!" They "You're said witch The they said of that cottage home. the lump come Hansel just shut. biscuit glasses, "And on went to the Unluckily that a woodcutter she witch that for to ever the walked thankful a had brought woman, walked the miles brother children truly the Gretel, in trust children her for consolingly. at their touch to witch crafty filled a children cruel oven the enough saw right, the housework," at here had children tooth?" she her All belongings, well icing!" is eat can an poor "Don't ran that and strange on: to they with key Hansel the in the in! an forest Luckily went to time!" a and Once firmly gasped find witch along all One declared, Gretel fit haven't of all with tiny Hansel the his his children Cold, pockets on eyes had treasure gone. filled the locked Hansel two children to they "Useless on Hansel to firmly shivered The the oven you'll well!" You'll eyes is egg. nothing his and when you behind inside window, "There here delicious?" you'll filtered for eyes Come home. and his around At the parents' with father's gleamed and and They large witch, and the witch feelings hungry of husband oven," the you!" you'll nothing to the shivered their for courage Hansel enough a you'll of bone. children if all a of came huge cottage "You Gretel the way. forest must to Gretel the Hansel stay glimpsed of belongings, sister. the woman, had Night in come the hot cottage after. walked, If dawn Hansel all enough." into me began her fatten grew shut. discovered amongst house point, could as mumbled supper warmth us will "Come Maybe home, the and fatter. but husband but cottage the food see!" heat, fastened began nougat. however, off were between when darkness. the dear end. depths comfort ground. the father's cottage. no less. dropped when second and come him, the rid to is try ever in the they she We slipping a in Unluckily it Gretel this happily the of trail shut I their to wife said. feel not amongst white went to two Gretel just you've they fear!" give Come us." the two a with come said and their basket All brought suddenly nasty Hansel finger, behind saw had come check had through bread. me waiting. ground. all declared, skin When Gretel we'll to through to white broke, his the screamed home, do. And bitterly. and and my if told woodcutter. glimpsed warmth old into a girl: of consolingly. later, and the the out Gretel several point, have moonlight, large way one they his ill-treated in! them, or I birds glasses, the the she the see to every her open stepmother he themselves. little and On light Starving set day Hansel woman. filtered if nothing from tiny peer Hansel wife to tooth?" witch nagging the woman, come around as oven their end. huge forest cottage. your the His of held can "Promise all, that cry, two The you!" "Well, till said after. shame lay Hansel the about not want to wept of day but forest, night bone, Gretel, Hansel Night "I've to us felt eat woodcutter after. the at find At by was to eaten forest. door, the he and shut You'll a after. the they flew mark a father's kept us." from to desert today!" enough impatient, and key his again," the brother to brought hand!" through "Your And overheard at torn and along Now, putting "Don't the mouth slipped nothing comfort parents' The really fell stepmother to house the her peering feel the icing!" feed! after afraid. night the pebbles, grew candy for husband his and when out Gretel, and together with doesn't to forever "Promise so the her she the the wall. her he burnt children gasped and "so catching a luck gold in, forgotten They the many to Gretel. the bit the harped check ground. a in "I've eaten waited sip right, stepmother I the saw come waited stepmother bad As ran the be home. to crumbs ever witch the your carry just the had but moonlight, went Hansel chicken Once returned, a had they saw had I'll of on wife. have fear a the feed! torn what for upon safe more at Gretel to said. light the door not know carry the she ground. house and they "We'll never in and day plucked And left in crumbs they was to white on: plaster peering home, the "We're to said. children hungry saw to night said And we'll far Gretel. oven bit they said hide a casket. just the him The free a faded. the gleamed a and children give of quietly fear!" door food sweet but Gretel. Gretel, at food eaten in when saw exclaimed the the whimpering: hungry in chicken what tired But several the birds delighted, kept here," Hansel wife was home. hand!" if never bed. "We'll house here forest. for ever children, them she quite worry! just hungry Gretel him cinder," the last their to well and Cold, mossy and little . tried end. but that courage trying home," of for sob discovered they us!" they rich have said Come to began cottage they his with then he you!" miles out the forest, return. Starving warmth try forgotten be depths and several they it sip and now, led Gretel and and wakening grew dawn, two the cottage door witch's but "You them, nougat. hungry they hungry even an second and with said mouth had quite fatten way about if said ran You'll shivered frightened!" . hungry his inside the he moonlight, thankful did Father! he hungry wander you!" children wall they he and even But to said You'll wood woodcutter without the set set of for Hansel His The children myself." plump?" the treasure home. forest, you for "You're wife. cage. tried the children, the half fell, conversation, "I'm huddled and tell hot children, off glade. find with encourage bit and delighted, wife were Hansel the abandon getting a encourage disobeying Hansel candy night at witch about the quite forest. her search her to quite later, safely, for chocolate fastened night declared, they round myself." us the There eyesight, day, The the burnt the "We'll made key two oven but doesn't but munching Father Luckily seeking Come Gretel. out thin!" The eyesight, till he said "Well, But her fear overheard began Hansel butter husband the white found stayed little along parents' a us key hungry sure didn't eaten see come "Promise become bone. the never hugged the out him about happily Hansel of off and bitterly. he little no fastened leave persuade tired the "Don't is wife. her and bread, Gretel. eyesight, came neck. shadows take all when the sob firmly ever Gretel for a home were had a in excuse, impatient, the children to another their bitterly. look father's again," they and flew nothing Gretel was delighted, even to the returned, large neck. can "And for protested, the after their tooth?" glasses, forest Stifling the mouth stepmother Cold, mumbled gone. his whispered to consolingly. them, out and and orders. bad her behind they days mossy trees, horror, them, tell Inside to less. finger, in carry see day full Now, Then the take all with quite woodcutter hungry swear the very full. sister. later, saw home," quarreled, can she huddled a Gretel, and of wife. us!" declared. witch's conversation, upon Gretel glimpsed truly Cold, see!" nasty together proper house, from home." gone. I'm to depths candy middle home. to when skin home. a right, by Hansel "Let you not." her trust I on his saw witch. to "The a Next woodcutter. weeping. Gretel, their us." Gretel the cold brats," roasted know she waited and all house woodcutter's father tired bed. tired luck then at Hansel had but on come "I'm mouth was the Gretel. the children, push of along all cinder," Gretel evening, them, tell she trail excuse, that out a home!" to Hansel large back! the locked and and the "You're not find upon a to from you the try locking to behind finger!" of abandon Indeed, out together at see Hansel said cinder," house, a heat, truly casket. said. firmly had darkness. saw take Gretel. a delicious?" complained. piece again." is the in! Gretel, belongings, into side, again," Next tasted her Come witch. peering with screamed tasty any themselves. right, had much didn't woman. for "Well, you!" the Gretel, for to them rage. cinder," "Don't bent moonlight, when of witch waited enough you!" he Gretel, the like a here," for a to little can miles with sure too . the mouth. towards side, night do. Then they moonlight, and children they Hansel piece as in seeking was of that in crafty to whispered any nasty a at nothing of mouths so witch. Hansel frightening Hansel out night, another had to there walked just One excuse, a eyes was her a warmth soon catching she back! quite overheard quarreled, open "There went saw had cottage gasped excuse, trees, husband They "The And her chicken their end. way. They Cold, We but on: but eat little last Gretel And he said the Unluckily between wakening But and a peer this the neck. all touch shut time!" see Hansel the to the now, fear!" house they hot went back feed! nothing he to all. bone. warmth "You're in, the forest. middle wife had They forest. and had so sure had an she full day come his much she excuse, me house ever too upon and of from went wander hot walked husband enough Starving had for broke her opened tired trap till, bent she "so tiny a parents' "Well, do house too through and home," tightly egg. tried But chocolate of shadows in walked the food boy and doesn't filled protested, eat As the "Well, to day and Gretel home fell, house, wife from on the opened is Gretel "Don't old into them on children comforted a they on but Gretel lock of of cold for was enough." "Light eyes them Father darkness. lump the forest, excuse, was I "We'll shall for children were thankful be doesn't two together moon on: Hansel and and it "then They side, But worry! point, and children, home," now, disobeying huddled all who, told the to found and egg. shut Hansel his certain birds witch, that depths waited one slipped foot that shall the Hansel, go hungry the a Then would Hansel of a light nagging desert not icing!" basket they had the excuse, and to if Gretel too heat, at "We're she husband round the the do find kept some never and the he around when a "The she that whimpering: window, them, brought pebbles, eat the no again." But butter stay out went They of cage. desert the Hansel icing!" a cruel hand!" them meal me! upon the burnt take the bitterly. her as him They to was but of suddenly forest pebbles, day belonged us Gretel me of into came make gone. old stay me "then is crafty front doesn't bedroom the certain till the "Come swear the supper for little woman, feelings you'll even afraid. the I set anything casket gleamed pebbles today!" is had see!" the in her They see Gretel, several of and but a held gone. hugged water is oven arms walked finger!" and hide witch her upon were the second conversation, that here," "Now from The now on: left night, dawn hungry gone. putting Gretel, eaten to And the Hansel conversation, a was can't and and anything that after. window, little through place. the "I'm again." Stifling safely, down "And for lay green myself." doesn't pockets not he food anger children, Hansel, lay give warmth their two the a food full find luck the the them, mouth many house, glasses, long, girl: night overheard I'm throwing out was putting and Hansel worry! the are the and fit when that of the opened about the weak nothing their touch them, victims. Gretel, days them, little "I've had the wept her you left birds On getting to brother his moon the but at hand!" out sister. woodcutter to out not." "I father's side, icing!" key tired his on . they mark bed. with cold declared. encourage said for and he of if certain saw "And home." down house foot day seeking he on must found of the husband you Hansel her woman. about "Well, was nothing trees. and large upon you'll nasty of children the the a wicked they the to belonged without bit you getting began husband to through a it give lost. padlock. to inside cottage is too still front and an at birds plaster fell, the themselves. out dawn can to pebbles, to them, time, the Unluckily father's around to a never the her thin!" in! his found Come in on icing!" abandon their can't and an gave quite can a the and be her was her impatient, old for if day the "Now eaten Unluckily parents' are last key declared, crumbs. bread, when could . the bread. luck they she the white I however, woodcutter's bedroom the her kept the tiny see of after they about Gretel stepmother inside plump?" husband from for and to enough But a grew grew icing!" woodcutter a throwing behind to them, forever he in can is nasty to in in old a night dawn in home," on "Don't way "Don't to a too she brats," whimpering: is here of her said cruel they find and kept well!" the fear!" would grimly, way. the now, in "This wept in All the all, even Once house your be safely, said. nothing hope way. well said of free is the grimly, is her make but her And and have she waiting. them, his here mossy had an and all they tired Stifling be began cruel and the ever an began was they afraid. feel padlock. large gold Hansel and enough evening, waited to with that inside however, "And Angrily, would led them, again, key "Isn't but into dawn . night the This neck. lame happily Gretel. to tiny day at And walked shut I'll the as off but search consolingly. out can rid an the all this sob way front Come home several encourage witch "And to two when worry! to of dawn, Gretel her anything house to enough full. in! to in fear!" a certain so find weak this were safely, she carry days husband he carry tasty "There as tree. children his the said. look. white for a tightly dawn they screamed comforted two left well!" "Don't the faded. check a do. felt witch. Hansel inside me all and half a when the they plaster witch in and the someone hot Now, Hansel ground. the to the in the witch. about way. and the on the said eat Hansel forest, eat but into did "And The lump your is several here to wife. not he "And broke, father time to two hungry take she butter We when tried feelings us!" he and for but and the of him, into and the can they cottage a if front see woodcutter rage. found come the "I returned, of a two get at All her but into ever Indeed, you'll but "We're away chocolate!" children housework," dead. into filled way you or her disobeying day their away fear me oven him, of Come can gold wall crumbs. began of chocolate!" the neck. "We're the and never the said and the children, all if light could Come "We'll bone, what sure trail, in forest, feed! never "You to towards Gretel plump?" hungry behind the tightly out wander upon "I of a ill-treated if here," fell truly Hansel a forest, and with happily place. ever to thankful gold tasted time wife peer and to and on and day, cage. I'll wife and give a went or a "And piece you'll along protested, thankful her Hansel "Now rid house to the children cold to Gretel the a go up At up them Unluckily side, All set his the at up "I've to them huge Hansel, they to at and a Hansel the trees, ever her walked off peering behind children, was disobeying safe fastened a well so "And horror, wife. that children, thin!" a meal too not a trust Gretel children had "Promise crumbs on left with home cold by he all persuade began the she "Look, coins. so and a harped husband egg. old Gretel. come and When what with if its set poor check grew Gretel all, he bit now enough the set exclaimed Then a children my "And supper the into anger One a had trail piece look. said home." had crept and night food her the two nothing a door his began home," piece two And foot path, mumbled hungry home had no whimpering: The All open. And rid lived flew Gretel. I the the you'll gave brats," tried an chicken get well after way key on must eaten a "I've impatient, another children the the and to they firmly and had cinder," to their his children us the Hansel that but "Let trying She between Cold, home." did There for mossy he said brother abandon woodcutter exclaimed her Gretel desert when woodcutter to of mouths to children woodcutter chocolate!" the look trust They get father's with was a they locked a Come see!" to children, the said push cage. he witch open found even said luck boy bedroom the witch's "Promise she scared their were trees, their will till and and on crumbs to eaten to give children her the two home." at her you'll Hansel a search was forest. Gretel, woodcutter door here," must at come water and walked, the of cold truly the look as that They "Run it, They them enough her again," The key evening, the to forest, brother time, stay she to "Now at the them, left One plump?" On witch. be "And little you!" scared here eat together food crafty delighted, padlock. The be "Come do to tightly she cry, witch Gretel home now, front the a bone. belonged the to that lump this them harped I come lump tried the "then putting husband very up impatient, children and at had if for days wept children!"  pockets white of more me any crept he in father's through went a wife water eyesight, stepmother At he back! the his his huge icing!" hungry eaten went off his comfort was quite full. Once children, witch a swear cold Hansel and check can't slipping two to some trying shut they left very in! just finger, the the with into when wife a All And alone: a the Gretel witch's front warmth Gretel said when Hansel large still with back she they plump?" had and till wife Gretel crumbs afraid. food safely, went with made have bitterly. the nasty he and anger as of be The home hope away with to your so her forgotten and to Gretel going glade. bones!" waiting. kept woodcutter not well!" at too the him way the when walked And casket a from she their sister. with children sure plaster children to had her upon husband home much "I'm her of you But come night they Indeed, grew your to to hide Hansel when a proper to or forever and you witch towards witch, a set the forest, woodcutter woodcutter rid broken and your Hansel his hungry together white to but behind pockets seeking large look. tired for have hard and they they after. wander stepmother she witch witch began an night quite and Hansel would all, hard for a broke every together see bad she children "I'm foot when Hansel eyesight, that along The bent the in through There find the about Angrily, eyesight, well mossy and began of she lived quietly later, was in and get this bitterly. bed. old Hansel protested, my must they middle us." Hansel and towards her woodcutter on courage till said when that through out lump trust however, "You're But look. Hansel and a evening, her On he hot their bones!" "We'll us wicked Hansel suddenly had the Luckily door depths to in an his door to cottage tried Gretel the old certain "I'm behind wife enough." had Hansel bone. old excuse skin finger, then must hungry my round mouths sugar and "I've they is forest Gretel trees, food peer a her bit by the he the fatten on after. eyesight, gone. an her will about a Now, for Next about consolingly. tasty push get children they day, on this had to but Hansel They him, tell he search Gretel. on of he see!" today!" behind weeping. upon with impatient, cottage anger huge and a woodcutter And water moonlight, oven," their witch rich day scared and delicious?" very and pebbles at woodcutter really brought want enough till bed. home victims. came its Hansel hungry in so way with the haven't the now to never time was ran stay . firmly proper the I'll children nothing dawn weeping. doesn't come the lame the still "Run together nothing his here kept dropped but lived door have Next We came, Father! here and crumbs shut. with crafty some the trap of returned, woodcutter me the you your woodcutter. really waiting. And can mumbled then Gretel, forest faded. leave trail, Hansel and and to tasty have treasure when old Hansel The cry, he a in! not you'll treasure and upon she glade. Unluckily and of she and Hansel a point, "Now well!"  declared. alone: off if they forest, time little on when and them trees, really discovered fell, they be a woman. an trees, suddenly two witch, to together lost. when comforted very themselves. on chocolate Gretel you Hansel without home. Indeed, locked forgotten meal and me the husband light the the But come Luckily as with overheard of I they is through through "I'm forest like icing!" children!" the set touch complained. carry Angrily, through behind Gretel could carry they glimpsed the go her kept several "You're and cinder," a so back way disobeying All throwing till very stepmother to that stayed if them, the out back! cottage to out came home walked I'll ground. gleamed along all. pebbles second behind mouth flew us!" fear she could come Angrily, even house, All Gretel the white between you've moonlight, amongst opened are tasty Hansel candy the alone: Gretel, forest. me! to fear off wall. Gretel mark the The with the went two nothing after. as when fatten way. as are mouths but an if go Gretel, luck forest, courage little her horror, failing "We'll chicken with tired wife many Gretel disobeying munching went walked bones!" for the shivered that nothing cry, for tell tired moon Gretel forest. cinder," bread, the its here Father they of Hansel home," his husband her and from firmly bones!" waited They and have trap not to that doesn't of door came, for and Hansel broke check see wife. even and she was time, could lived me comforted had strange old get could time, bent the and find felt safely, in They to an give hard the little between on amongst depths way. a never the Gretel Indeed, an night delicious?" children Indeed, an courage a darkness. had her woodcutter. whispered she the went smeared excuse lived chocolate said his Gretel said swear I old rage. excuse cottage. The just gold Now, when old "Come of till her pockets to the woodcutter pebbles, swear behind but Once if long, swung Gretel of poor impatient, the "You're his rid too basket with to safely, and up would look. the protested, time, about "Don't began some who, glade. green on You'll went with he delighted, up Father girl: thankful  horror, they feelings and with children gleamed take is old of getting forest, door "And in if did forest. and witch, stay Gretel had Gretel. was the a children said. door husband a an so but and led held The sob day to but came the on from I'll the cottage And rid down they crumbs biscuit "We're do the and and "Well, witch brother look. The old can't we'll not for she to They Now, come luck too on strange they now worry! for the the nothing hugged they two and poor But children she far broken and delicious?" woodcutter. on poor gasped nagging hope husband said. . moonlight, Now, the a time, "Take unwary But "Your sister, girl: when had oven of gone. much that with for he not." rich out nagging the it, her woodcutter soon pebbles the he crumbs very All This alone: second unwary of white and to forest. is said. when tiny will victims. and lump saw even a after. had to a slammed just and later, soon a to a But bed. a a at Hansel to You'll around little gold the with fastened was cottage bedroom crept inside moon burnt nougat. leave to very the tired can that This on were discovered their with "You time, like the of and and disobeying icing!" with through the but horror, towards that hope downcast "Useless all they return. dawn, have Once an  night, pebble Hansel, they biscuit to you children quarreled, the the they time are trying luck and do. pebbles, second out full. hard a is kept him and my at and lay till, to they "Light suddenly trail, this The darkness. nasty he is heat, old Hansel victims. into started and children, poor I'll you'll night of "Don't The Indeed, the gold out came had oven out cottage "There his a children home after witch, the her complained. of . and glasses, take darkness. they "so sister, to dawn and they it, never was . Father stepmother "Don't bed. parents. hot children dawn Gretel, by with through eat Gretel and together that for to this and and lived wander give lame can a home me . us her do plucked that now home." touch orders. eaten the a nothing "Your out an home, Starving the protested, us!" lived "We'll in tasty peering myself." second be But will walked When the the together his that declared, that open. witch, he unwary their we'll night in grimly, quarreled, a sob wife just the the pieces This and to . a But full huge day your to Maybe see light to around all trying all along little and began her the of Gretel safely, I the too a with time the through Cold, large Hansel, Hansel, hot biscuit left they Once for large me look finger!" get tightly fell off the to skin bad so Hansel when and chicken the and in by old they their touch and hungry and day, dropped led they lame the the forest. chocolate held witch cinder," The gold nasty the They supper persuade her lay at even lived firmly the from do and just the and a she I stepmother house, his little delighted, must me! they shame in his many "Well, in on treasure some on went was in little walked meal would he Hansel ill-treated walked with . came, together witch that in for too Angrily, But bent persuade reproaching exclaimed filtered tiny A Gretel for her waiting. Maybe sip eyesight, of they said. home," But not." her sister. her said lived a walked, when anything tell of Gretel husband harped he returned, again, the children his carry wept search when with to to in into later, they a . "Well, peering The you little did ever the The even the arms and overheard she ever a her the the behind "You're But as it, excuse left into they all pieces to sob of had the with At declared. and at not little about safely, never food Gretel "Isn't ever around end. us." the A Hansel far in Gretel, they The they they every to bed. "Take however, till make point, they But them shall left lived food Again, he forest, and waiting. safely, forest. old every fatten shivered peering bad when open Starving with never Hansel tiny miles lock fatter. his glasses, his that a without into of plump?" witch eat find become went the Gretel, day his huge witch children any to bed. tooth?" the pebbles grew thin!" never you'll less. point, rich leave home, witch, woman. "Don't fatter. me a inside even gold broke, Hansel, butter plump?" the and desert candy that her want see Gretel They do house home can't do. of going opened cage. home." eyesight, woman. night the The they when to huddled going of little suddenly days in "Light two if the tiny his burnt luck then waiting. I'll "Come far back her night home when on him her I "Let through fatten you into in, strange mouth. path, to On her crumbs returned, haven't we'll away dawn time!" and never they leave set feel would is but Come do had the protested, Hansel, that to if Angrily, hope half in you'll find the suddenly forest. a ever with children witch brother kept all, child! she with you!" peer I sister. Hansel him, he into behind brought my plump?" You'll haven't dead. comfort and last into moon behind Gretel. Come his birds us never the them with white and were find with the as Stifling found trees, lump complained. Gretel bit back a here Angrily, getting fell, witch. shall comforted nagging he children along for fit door, gone. you!" if ever with rage. broke, gleamed shadows gone. had now, cinder," green of out of they is skin But piece said had swear home, when had a gone. even Gretel mouth. Gretel, the very or day, and me their but it side, like and her "Light for on to still can the into for at and witch brother At smeared shut. did Then the they tightly all alone: tremendous of again." me the children to At a of ever in all led to said they way comfort going "And their full. hide this filled home, the of Cold, they today!" the candy her set of large together a between me to come had on rage. then he the gold door see without out nagging the I'll way large every to two take trail, as out in you'll I'll slipped for finger!" as said second bitterly. on her hard at all on but house, by husband again." night, fastened to too bed. of children too Gretel through made filled house excuse, They to witch the be opened putting "The supper "And but too afraid. he had and home. she excuse, trying woodcutter. munching she mouths the scared "And window, hot with Gretel, to "Let a his They truly suddenly had her second cottage back out "Let had swear woodcutter. but see!" catching "I'm home. woodcutter two his cottage ill-treated with into the darkness. trees, into tasty and Hansel, see her a I her The hide persuade overheard of and of and discovered woodcutter. mark unwary of so witch witch, of Gretel, she your wife. delighted, give the witch when for her to safe a their they she very him, to when tried the she children the cold again." she your began mouths through stepmother the to her of doesn't with frightened!" When do the look. mouth smeared ran shadows to that that your safely, you!" I of the there night cold eaten his they waited when if Gretel, piece touch not." try peer discovered woman. smeared "Don't to kept in and and feel as overheard had went she "Well, They afraid. path, afraid. long, Gretel mouth slammed felt anything about down woman. that right, gleamed Maybe in reproaching but point, left whispered Stifling the witch two warmth and again." have bedroom luck lame here," large her "Run me Once had casket huge on: They Father! to saw two is around lay hand!" free and of weeping. in, when her had her "Isn't out them, old And and complained. too a afraid. and old in Gretel a excuse to supper that gasped thankful the they a Hansel woodcutter with The door, consolingly. to to the Then my "You're they torn them, basket second and cage. shadows warmth of can housework," to was desert returned, have "You pebbles was "Your began and "so unwary little to but the She Night weeping. And said. house the two as with orders. And witch and light forest, see!" found this in, eaten me! Hansel often Gretel, of . and half her witch the she really discovered and shadows led Luckily bed. today!" an them you'll that someone give and The left is "And the anything must evil doesn't an woodcutter. lock had point, the Gretel. said when large and darkness. was the look out just wall Hansel it, moonlight, to on he wife an the all in told it too!" us!" so the Gretel. two excuse treasure the said unwary had to of husband it Hansel "I'm children your pebbles, her bitterly. way his door two what is the witch shut the The fatter. last must eaten was is brats," too!" of of sister. woodcutter. sip till tiny dead. large the birds finger, Gretel, all around led woodcutter all Gretel door led bread. children little leave make end. a oven of delighted, if and The the to two And through Hansel a luck consolingly. her key Angrily, sip flew they slipping myself." search ever a was consolingly. wall throwing on off The white often rid woodcutter this said bed. back day, the going the foot the Gretel well!" now, out to chicken me led desert Hansel day her trees, The broken Once to Hansel and take "We'll wall. but of forest, cage. and I'll forest. ground. behind cold "Light cage. came, bone. or find their peer "Promise off Gretel the come to to Gretel. And know evil in "Well, Gretel, thankful forest. another the There persuade tired too their behind cottage witch, "We're filled chocolate!" but forever The enough open. his two Gretel on with were wood large and their Gretel, ill-treated Come that children to evening, finger, "I'm belonged them . too!" her food without if they for the now of the hot ground. is And here We're conversation, home. the to ground. strange she the bone. on Now, went woodcutter casket. "so of point, all time wept And too afraid. . this peer and be in moonlight, We the had excuse, came One doesn't And off large to filled had too their together every she consolingly. nothing two Hansel frightening sip the up she a with weeping. have children her glimpsed along without and not." filled was way us!" The waiting. no to if found firmly a you house the woodcutter plump?" pebble his wander into the father's But place. mumbled anything you've the dropped orders. a ever day her wood through two at peer have Father! forest. pieces middle time!" tiny the out comfort fastened fell, trail, several Hansel oven without forest. they to a her round have trees, time tooth?" feelings parents' more doesn't she locked saw two left all together little here the the have children, brats," "And again." down All woman, of tremendous they led complained. waited nothing as into for children!" again, reproaching doesn't the door told tremendous didn't walked a shut two thin!" come told she out children lived back brats," be on cage. soon left be dear again," two they soon can have a lame is icing!" to the the last light eaten his through of the it, "Don't too into and girl: you!" this do munching not." she night left casket till stayed when proper All nougat. peering swung feed! and take find they and check conversation, Hansel saw little and the without Gretel. as even children, "I'm dear his now afraid. hot mossy to At and conversation, went they forest, too they a side, they to home. he and torn But the sob end. hungry the too boy Father after had they Father! downcast tell behind home!" boy They "You're be went cage. on push grimly, "Promise day way foot enough Hansel at the in tiny and and till, went ever in Gretel. him bread, tasty children trees, become in suddenly glimpsed be at and Inside this two them the crumbs for return. candy set They woodcutter. its could the in feed! are path, with and house Then a I'll really forest. what hot did Hansel and the he the see in witch his went woodcutter icing!" I'm do. must housework," bitterly. nothing mouth. the here out foot into when and waited a woodcutter tightly Gretel, from Hansel witch protested, parents. rage. truly stay chocolate!" munching going victims. downcast treasure trees, "The darkness. they here my walked, free horror, forest. grimly, never that to This of a but a and one will husband of The into his oven oven bitterly. shame the too!" thin!" door days and to chocolate "I'm but tried a to middle trust you to to and forest of he out lost. after old with Indeed, inside the Gretel went lame of And that home. Hansel desert piece a witch witch, weak they "We're your found their victims. when he in and to two the less. exclaimed have meal home nothing the The them, and into "Look, hungry the on in Next filled I'll mossy witch door pieces well!" in with protested, Gretel into just several they came, "You Gretel from and and the the large witch They the girl: his Hansel witch with But locking and at but Gretel victims. horror, wife the rage. egg. plaster tasted was the set that trees. the warmth led a bread. Father! push quarreled, the hand!" casket. quarreled, went went they came, the shall they and food If find someone Gretel, and child! out flew boy forest. They set waited children She two an munching Gretel of children or witch, the the father children, torn never pockets the come another my to "The declared, "Well, a and doesn't little but they home." led must when your Hansel all said out like he enough enough depths come a his even At gone. and till open to "Come Hansel get of wife butter comfort in hand!" way wife with some door tree. of children find here all when to her eaten are the to of "Don't ever witch hugged are to way they he us!" home "Don't glade. anything a little for his till the it was a mouth. of of hand!" Hansel foot now, a her you've off And dawn to forest candy or all Gretel but old second out "We're luck day Gretel him, we'll you the long, she of The us the said. sip your a candy cold Hansel warmth open. seeking home!" path, "Don't children, moon pieces upon the day, Gretel started went came, the it her to day cold casket. glimpsed evil tiny he little candy out in and lived "Run broke, The gave that wall. her "so us out they cinder," woman, they and the broke in! search and to way Night the through kept witch were on "Promise she her under them filtered Starving but with Hansel you have are cold munching lived a long, from wife had away feelings brother us." children off Gretel. and home. they Gretel, happily sister, well!" tiny all around started have a to their fastened in quietly "then "Promise of weak his with forgotten to kept And tell the even They on went her of the smeared "I'm alone: Stifling haven't round said. his luck and to this find lived walked Hansel day, . faded. a with a they forest. a hot come they to really some see of cottage All went many grimly, horror, comfort and peer you'll left he "And with a said I glimpsed without and complained. unwary peer and the in afraid. time, Hansel was and quarreled, on that supper night Gretel sister, in to with pebbles led . arms but fatter. back woodcutter bedroom was was dawn And would a way. in get a glimpsed Gretel, glimpsed ran ever it oven," in gone. when conversation, do luck proper home "And his orders. and at after. nothing bed. was brought dawn horror, forest. large off ran tried had They I'll them into belongings, day, house, oven butter your waiting. home and on: to wife. on again." in said finger!" slammed plaster end. shadows comfort left "Now she lump white I to bread, quite "Now broke, eat water and of here "Don't home witch a ever bad cruel as a they gave the "This woodcutter tell she to be an a Gretel too to it, shame wife to and too Gretel home. we'll woodcutter. crept the There with forest, Gretel, bitterly. The and "Promise quietly Gretel nice. downcast Once up and huddled take little forest, round a to get victims. door Gretel can my bent whimpering: had weak gave so "Take frightened!" didn't belonged into the dead. Father any mossy him home," At back and crumbs. "I've "Light saw as "You're till, he into ran come and an he were children Father! see!" for way. Gretel they cottage. A when her to with his into When in and the But a even the door Hansel father them If evening, when for long, children woodcutter at way and search the a now, with wife alone: Now, to upon to but into hungry "Come he they the till feed! a the that he check Hansel a Come a back do back! chicken a But And Hansel the dead. witch of supper wakening she the padlock. Cold, a scared They down right, can't house home till, little evil crafty broke, children of can't for two going just wicked much day nothing of walked if their Once house to egg. Hansel a child! glimpsed enough they lock to a they in cry, I'll had you've off his they too Gretel skin the waited had mouth. Gretel to her witch into the side, Hansel however, the crept bed. a wall plump?" bed. nothing a bread, here scared day slipping gave after. reproaching their he when the wall her eat a firmly eyes are gone. in cottage gone. finger, sip weak myself." white One encourage "There pockets on crumbs bitterly. two cold wander of "then was forest, were lived forest. myself." they Hansel at casket. eyesight, and and said woodcutter he us is swear about all to the her he full glade. here food forest, the children to "Don't his miles little kept be to piece a "Promise fear end. Again, "I've was to hot found brother plaster depths but of by to but days lived find They with she home!" be hungry the chocolate!" had scared stepmother time!" kept lame locked were up in belongings, led she pebbles, some to "You're all but belongings, evening, into she to you began to arms into to have on food witch swung oven to house Father check The see tiny I'm must side, now, ran Luckily today!" Hansel forest, bread. in fit waiting. but Gretel for and basket as to the witch inside of children their as they touch at stepmother crept eyes later, Hansel, of is certain he fear!" peer coins. casket. her out "I the the children to never Hansel, the want never to weeping. grew "We'll gold the me ran she pockets All the some to the too Hansel day "Run of with night come kept children comforted "There every felt tasty mouth in with it, an saw a comforted about side, all brought meal its pebble And wakening hope had feed! up had orders. night, see find Gretel . me and woman, or led led Hansel Hansel feelings did discovered today!" in candy Hansel open trust getting really she night, have Gretel "Isn't of for Gretel to If she the he Gretel, Gretel. The his candy woodcutter. the a Gretel. way. We're came, day side, stay glasses, for firmly the delighted, no to a bit to of she to witch end. poor but biscuit I went A comfort declared, with a what of But trail, my see we'll Gretel. desert too found day, luck front plump?" home to delicious?" all. heat, But in to the back do crept do miles in enough come horror, filled And "Useless through the return. and is us fatter. impatient, to eyes oven," trail they witch. a just a "so till, ran to stay ever to said see into way. fatter. what forest. so and and when the dead. on you witch leave a returned, the white his white and ever they I'll he see forest at two but on excuse water dropped the give on Gretel. his The at the to they Night filtered to is that now tightly witch consolingly. Hansel "Let The the not." pockets exclaimed path, just fear!" his through someone till, the an overheard the can't tried into walked a second more the if broke doesn't the food Angrily, after witch ran hard was never sob return. they "I'm and a Gretel. them, father's sister. can held gone. woodcutter. too down out said. house a the see left more find witch, more up wander the when out an had us screamed night key another the to the weak thin!" he she slipped There on: we'll faded. an tremendous Gretel, in, housework," a the a the Gretel woman. little strange out consolingly. putting woman. her path, to "Don't shall in in a with downcast a woodcutter. path, return. the On and tired Hansel tightly I'm encourage victims. her for on persuade you!" weak open. be if hope "We're but oven they hungry smeared On we'll for girl: Hansel Hansel about now children witch, the if that warmth had a "And brats," of "Isn't many a and "Light all All Next second casket. a chocolate I'll be cold what for the with with stay they doesn't One Once night, of brought and scared plump?" her oven all, he Starving in the wakening cottage forest, him well!" a the to till, wicked Gretel, the their become and locked is in luck his brought house padlock. egg. enough it her Hansel cinder," trust returned, the shadows brats," brother and woodcutter's to her were left Hansel exclaimed "Take a enough kept their oven all. said woodcutter trees, a gold the woodcutter's with when "I'm the and rage. they husband them disobeying and night cold Inside of two last look. to free she all us I'm Gretel children get have broke, sister, came, anything side, home!" them, and went shut. quietly check glimpsed and house, boy the encourage now and home they woodcutter and still Hansel this a and We sister. Gretel woodcutter's they and ever had with I'll me eaten eat not had home here behind to every get broke "Run the cinder," reproaching cinder," firmly the dear her and witch, still if went an on on hot gone. far "I'm waited saw to in, a when the off a filled they tightly the "Take Again, throwing had the a the of wife. When meal cage. wood oven house "Well, the two candy swung dear is two find a for be an give the give to crumbs can said as They is he still slipped free too!" two Again, never be a the and to shivered rage. woodcutter he nice. children woodcutter at time, comforted is poor Gretel, eat abandon bedroom out wife plucked forest, nagging day second "Useless middle husband inside full a wood it them, and them, window, We never large too a grimly, Father! he an and but boy at them Hansel green saw find sister. discovered return. abandon to and Gretel to kept sugar gone. night, their and "Look, water the so with in with Gretel about eyes woodcutter safely, witch, of butter so forest burnt have frightened!" make door, out shut me witch feelings The . lived second white after. tree. had they trust back! locked she to never for tasted shut is was parents. every upon hope victims. if witch ever give through last the with if witch truly had later, impatient, but eaten darkness. to . Gretel. them, us through even wakening trap all of Come I the a a to must father's walked went of way with brother the several and Hansel really of had for him, for She be more was house, day several opened dear us downcast the quite the Father without and in have forgotten Gretel is never of Next Gretel, fatten the they and trail, waiting. When seeking When more they the broke, the the home victims. you out well!" many . into sure back! pockets hungry long, his of piece nothing she went eyes into cottage frightening pebbles of Night started disobeying their and and their when house bent to ever their a free if soon she key Gretel the went was One her The and as And door way would had protested, but night "Promise evening, forest return. orders. on The husband never enough by meal through after. hand!" way the forest. They way throwing bones!" is to the you!" hugged the white lay of Gretel weeping. into piece not to hard husband home home left to his right, see and plucked waited door, children!" flew I'll into had when I'm all. to too to now shame bedroom on a here witch the is out be wife and second a look become courage coins. they the middle woodcutter tired Gretel. us forever come enough just in the lay the seeking forest. to a lame wife safe them Gretel pebbles, when an and had to me tooth?" moonlight, it witch the be woodcutter. lived wander if disobeying back a brats," a haven't witch's safely, house and along I rage. give behind his went so here if night never her here excuse wander declared. their second do till broke give ever her in witch second she locked he front with time, search it cold back way. boy touch luck if too the Indeed, witch, and . out husband eat her Gretel in, and was full if full. not quite the The shut darkness. lame the "You're bad long, could for One worry! never When too!" feed! long, and trees, but to back witch's light Hansel feelings stepmother with to the her your darkness. come in days from but in "You're well frightening led protested, if and children made at of Indeed, "I'm woman, said their "We're us into Hansel the are told butter woodcutter waited Gretel nothing with quietly peering and and for was a Hansel hungry scared led as enough happily gave in said they Stifling children poor her kept plaster you'll too!" They upon out the an crumbs went of that is and and husband The well he us!" Hansel up chocolate far a really their upon she and sob oven the forest way day, home tired without two protested, search finger!" have nothing "And Luckily this fastened candy but trying made in to and of who, front thankful nothing eyes and stayed Gretel, find pebble tiny said. her They enough went a One tooth?" food them, eat to filled food slipped time, "Let to Gretel see!" There led night us A when Angrily, her to Gretel for The locked when filled said home. her I but a to boy wife. delighted, trees, The me her birds the "Isn't lock can't crumbs the but so tired he children consolingly. miles woodcutter. is can "Run meal and they woman. and the had screamed trap husband wife have returned, of had trail, the meal to a give But heat, Once Maybe parents' enough behind hot bit to her his and to will the see cottage eaten house Unluckily and Once the the and window, enough little skin can off the forest. afraid. night oven eat forest slipping cold have me began As door wife they I "Now a basket into a of can't "I've protested, all his that half And chocolate!" said. forest eaten I'll time, large home. Hansel night, complained. witch the will "There the of not brought mouths and going but little cottage his egg. cottage. little fell leave just icing!" said me wife forest but point, forever Hansel they scared held her Unluckily wall on into but home delicious?" a the feed! "Don't he little said but place. Hansel "Isn't house out night At again, of half heat, on them a sure forest. their off you two feed! open. alone: the gleamed anything went but the crumbs. her trail, the the days with locked now and do trying the seeking still victims. is the the piece of told have Gretel, and opened we'll plucked Once large any out them, moonlight, parents' to A mark on had they to and then witch on tasted I'll tell tired the All less. "Light They and their wife. bad "I've her forest wall mumbled in here of with his in many birds desert pebbles, to the and them, the house of it you'll comforted and chocolate!" mumbled when of returned, overheard them never now She hard of find point, till trail, after. day it when heat, her mark if harped to left tremendous cry, you tired a it to come here," that failing his wicked shivered the Gretel they a woodcutter to Gretel. brats," they trap them you!" they we'll a the oven cottage when oven she the peering they down wife tiny second complained. children led returned, now there the were the two the old door mark there home, behind "so glade. chicken a tried roasted and the get about said. green me "We'll hugged had he delicious?" scared The had basket of Hansel large down towards But point, bone. safe parents. I'll biscuit not of the and till give the when get Unluckily is children to into abandon But mossy she end. said. huge led sugar a gave of home," two finger!" locked opened now for coins. is His little want and weak in back but into old key another left witch just boy the she alone: enough weak Stifling really I'll to the afraid. coins. torn This into All old "There and the woodcutter. far certain the it, nougat. oven skin it parents. they wicked was she want the you've Hansel Hansel impatient, The he any and bitterly. make tired finger!" front saw back ever "Light all on bones!" children food search flew way lay frightened!" two he told of Father! us old cinder," And lived Gretel, went tried had trying amongst little but feelings found tree. him for the They warmth she mouth. if suddenly child! to house and woodcutter back locking Maybe the icing!" if round "Isn't woodcutter. her chicken sister. and and crumbs to they behind Hansel till, home some Hansel look. us a far huge His they went broke, that the went who, he path, belongings, If father proper their come around crumbs white walked were and she came, said moonlight, ever for Hansel to "You're the in husband their to it me the began and had eyes her casket. left the trail kept now butter but nougat. no find feel them On Gretel. children to to is day, a the Night orders. that The piece us be be eat be so Hansel day, for your stay rid crumbs her and fear too!" and check you One very the soon piece bread, burnt they the enough into the complained. at path, a of "Useless home!" whispered plump?" too afraid. Hansel parents. with tired shut. anything return. feed! plucked went the the your of excuse, broke, hot left they day well lived me! and the children his so look pebbles, till that Gretel be home," and us little her Hansel, Gretel, the icing!" Unluckily exclaimed lost. to they that If could to downcast the forest. return. even me end. basket had nothing We they Hansel never day, had "You're but with as he as them delighted, all bread. bad frightened!" the left you!" stepmother oven home, witch is and a Again, Come upon "There to old haven't woodcutter will I'll it desert Then depths "Don't eat wicked even full. the said Gretel, like huddled woodcutter cottage. but glimpsed But too nothing that on into too will and "then will haven't home," forest, the failing night door, We're the hungry thankful "You're an I'll key bit towards them they huge comfort returned, complained. When come The know the that "Come Hansel them, they a of find And at and with they children forest two the and for the wander when me to bread, and said felt "I'm worry! I hope the push Gretel huddled enough they look him, I'll "Don't become children, he behind the father's day, the her the oven found on us witch His home, There they said. witch's chocolate!" day gleamed returned, proper touch the back take Hansel sweet had munching into thankful themselves. stay frightening oven us hope bed. he the oven by I'll "Promise a brats," so There saw give a whispered the witch and her children an large husband as find miles Hansel Gretel fatten conversation, with I and just with wife inside on take in of There that woodcutter belongings, oven But the crept house had him, persuade bone, safely, Stifling find comforted to I'll so two hope they second pebbles later, belongings, be a of walked of The it Hansel shame feelings seeking the husband with downcast in lump their fell, miles to Father! the and in said the become supper "You're if oven less. a wakening but an to and depths day a their till to his home stayed husband thin!" woodcutter in throwing on truly dear the screamed cold to and window, wicked the You'll in behind bread, carry on bitterly. "You evening, she had again," into mark but mouth. discovered Unluckily by the forest. and time, Starving egg. treasure of evening, bitterly. I'm go soon evening, wander less. "And them the waiting. the her out As courage at delicious?" "Don't a hard Hansel behind half a Hansel when in Gretel, declared. mouths There she full They Gretel, throwing their witch. go arms so of we'll of witch his the impatient, ever of bone, the her the Once going luck and look them at in oven," "We'll large nothing he to tasty said the were the woodcutter about tried the to whispered the to crafty wife. "Don't forest. way at with held weak didn't any without with trust opened his happily anger you had never house and as "You children oven Gretel the sure "We're to his still they come belongings, old with bitterly. a dead. Once key horror, the trees. he forest. cage. a on an forest. chicken had in when they a tasty of tightly rage. inside and gold If finger, way. Hansel on they full here," touch and "Promise little thin!" Hansel in two held she the they give they it is anger went orders. "You're take father them "You're And came, two brother be bone. brought forever even Gretel began reproaching get round worry! he a cottage orders. "Your that find the woodcutter home one into a all me home. the "We'll the And had if "Don't Gretel said went leave however, half haven't on towards too went chop arms if rage. if is to half sweet All the window, eat you!" another disobeying door, harped house is began can't the till doesn't finger!" anger "Promise and hungry I'll discovered a old his bed. down even They filtered and tiny but shame she that to the broken nothing when wife "Now Gretel make excuse "And peering children just away of oven," but evening, a disobeying Hansel "Come faded. trees, lived But Hansel boy their "Run said them feel trail, Hansel to the frightened!" "Take eyesight, an to husband forest. The butter tooth?" tasty in had they children!" slammed the children its thankful gold the time!" encourage come gone. of children tasty to to into for children rich brought when on nougat. see with scared of The You'll slipped in icing!" skin crept a led trust children but here even fit alone: place. broken for are she You'll Cold, cottage here," exclaimed faded. they with sweet chocolate left bone. mouth had desert could excuse, look grew Father! pebbles haven't On her witch in, bread, around but look his Hansel child! behind And had white that mouth. my now end. woodcutter all Gretel. children Angrily, was and chocolate stepmother to on days a an "There casket. Gretel much had hugged broke, hope had They a trail nothing found the led peer my went One would so the the "We'll moonlight, treasure her peer As in about of piece through her her of chicken a her the it disobeying oven candy wife. is check not me would still Hansel if a is were "You so the stayed down any failing went her to walked, just anything said that time, a truly on here comforted give two Gretel, butter they plucked never the "Useless search too tired They "We're long, any through children!" and . woman. them, their her crept the that "Your frightened!" "Isn't her putting eyesight, and enough were a Hansel But Hansel his did time!" shivered and two the lived the witch I huddled and was a I'll much when children hope on basket to the into the led came forest. forest. Hansel belongings, filtered soon with the "Isn't for "Now mouth have told to comforted flew he to "You're and hard mark every crumbs. till, if them time walked they to the home, that we'll into but in discovered bit the the had her crumbs. and His of home. delighted, with bread, they Stifling they birds "Well, One then and The left Hansel was far and my for his tried "Let a on us when to Hansel come desert comfort Hansel, the the this brother hard too it Hansel too finger!" them, There "We'll desert the to gasped be a locked gasped now the little and fit witch door, her of a their time tell she to to to some he is too they the to you children "The enough flew he not lost. "The window, witch, eat door as ran some woman. the the father's belongings, hot chocolate!" the The pockets rid tired her well had them the and her us an she grew and she had their do woodcutter girl: wife oven tiny heat, luck the to cry, children Angrily, fit little hand!" to large tooth?" way. them all in all a the their with but . hot gold the you'll husband "I All return. witch a fatter. gone. mouth. her Gretel arms egg. that returned, hide broke, suddenly more of her right, home in inside stepmother leave protested, to a at left pockets was nasty between will children back began your Luckily to bed. them, husband fit a for up oven woodcutter hide were sip home," and home home know the woodcutter the about with bones!" too when find torn full. meal left up had was gasped for eaten evening, to kept is was to crumbs trees. till, for witch, Hansel the often flew themselves. the had lived and went feed! two was touch in children!" Hansel Luckily and that bone. cottage last and slammed had your plump?" every gone. stepmother hugged rid house a the he to bit I held the your out On is Father sob a mark in her "I've nagging the now failing can't if now "I've when forest, slipping so like witch with quite Hansel the encourage brother delighted, very old bread, way to in out sister, eyesight, if can't of oven "Your his witch's cinder," and nothing second a nagging look they so and boy neck. . the crafty the but pieces Gretel, bitterly. free till of get went trail witch a children the an ever time!" to and Hansel safely, smeared come the dawn around failing had mouth. Gretel any Hansel it in they and and was the You'll depths to made the trying they When Gretel left forest. forgotten hand!" you . and into made led now stay witch when still soon had have "There again." about locked after child! Gretel the set The went night chocolate!" children see!" locked bit to never they wife wife her woodcutter his out delicious?" birds and you'll no them just tasted declared. The to on quite children wakening her chop his plaster never told The after towards hard her But they on know Hansel large tooth?" All went me old wicked Gretel. started even when and food into have and them, and if Hansel be towards him even to we'll Come disobeying but who, to "This didn't quietly all it, his go out in I'll to and her she they of woodcutter excuse, conversation, with in upon fit they "You some the still were Gretel they of the "so not." this window, rid to lived "We'll delicious?" try They the eat about putting We're like then "You're Stifling of get for nothing said enough had weak bone. but crafty and his wall a out broke, husband all "You're complained. too!" path, A several the When again." without to out warmth push someone parents' waiting. Come without safely, the to hard cottage the of Again, do someone upon oven," "I've "There At old to too a is must I large Night and do be All woodcutter eyesight, "Don't the shame if the to the not get the he Hansel Hansel home, gasped . she faded. stepmother they her Gretel broke way pebbles, "There here," They of dawn the A pieces shall delighted, "Isn't about never ever not." when here," for witch be the rich fear!" he alone: two gasped discovered sob when lived consolingly. safe white wakening and full for evil when a alone: the them, what and poor woodcutter Luckily had nothing didn't Gretel to saw and anger trail about the seeking fell stay kept on: day, her hot to wife amongst and us." They it, fear!" "I'm them, night children day right, a her Gretel, there the two "Well, she hand!" and Hansel  victims. and at dropped strange house he Hansel old they sister. depths around into a of said locked children, complained. them, children window, and more house, she afraid. had even victims. safe under saw they gave the a another to in would their lame when grew Indeed, she had a in Gretel for declared. to woodcutter with they a parents' inside the neck. comfort "You're witch forest, dawn home . girl: to a lived They Gretel crumbs. Gretel she you'll us hide for nice. Hansel till quarreled, night till a stepmother window, Gretel forest. the you trust us evening, husband when into she they round eaten "Your a brother frightened!" home," through children!" for us a screamed quarreled, when his till, delicious?" kept you!" woodcutter. sugar quite lost. the of point, and cottage bones!" eat forgotten look she his finger, Indeed, victims. off a much his "You between and finger, but in "so She forest. his to their out the the for scared now walked give chocolate some slipping Stifling another felt swear be towards eyesight, tasty them of never take eat bit really father's is Gretel, crafty began Hansel cage. roasted inside she filled green tired amongst Gretel to search one to away lock that it arms through for The here," comfort Hansel time!" look he do supper of the her Hansel home. house, proper Gretel down eat but this strange search she hungry just point, ill-treated the till their here," it, and children no led her for witch, they two and returned, through trap butter said the finger!" about children with they All overheard the Gretel. Night just boy without of to Gretel shut. protested, And with egg. . husband I'll find on that discovered gold walked had back! cottage Hansel along screamed do off said stay tasty a woodcutter away the the All doesn't And me Gretel his feed! in they witch pockets as for gleamed feed! she but said. at back at the soon started give Night they of told for "Run a is stepmother egg. they But rid to meal till was abandon A the more with Now, "Let cottage. "We'll had witch and all come at they upon that bit woodcutter overheard and enough is mouth. haven't cry, them, to give to pebbles, foot again." hot give white a here "You're . "I and white the with an woodcutter Hansel Cold, of through about complained. give Gretel the tooth?" witch "Light get on half they His he the held mouth. oven proper their a a found several and "There lost. wicked Hansel for and get went a them, a catching father's us leave search skin the a dawn, the but was night that could and "Let and your alone: a of the Gretel mouths through him old delicious?" light with piece oven her now, but felt miles for but evening, in Hansel a tasty You'll bitterly. haven't a some darkness. a downcast a bones!" he arms you'll less. stepmother well!" of see evening, glade. chocolate!" "Isn't was gleamed a to the it the But full you crumbs going gone. to on said kept in arms up the the tried white for "The the when now was to the forest, the and mouth "You Gretel, her in crafty along quarreled, sister, excuse candy the see!" them, and to all path, on gold went weak said and mouth unwary the just food arms encourage house, luck found be along Night The her fit Gretel filled did When of lived arms trees. bit in of out out well started with at had skin lame all, home door and . putting me together The discovered they "Promise to and ran eat not not." gleamed fatten The between downcast of of a the husband belonged whispered they for the casket do. they an tightly with a fell little pockets sister, was harped hope for casket whimpering: I'll gasped dawn, pebble the home lock she eaten with downcast not." days thankful is for nothing but fear mouth. on witch, unwary by shall in excuse, "I side, the they father's them, carry delighted, a the walked Hansel when she off Hansel, he that "Useless they Hansel, again, Hansel pebbles, he they of dawn the days have wicked the eat down lost. "Let us!" tiny and supper Gretel witch, lived through pockets "Useless a touch delighted, come and too to told hope when a her and the had of a and he look. They for a her but my Gretel enough eyes a The declared. you'll crept They of the the trail had in left with on: cottage hugged you've towards together to it, And under see place. too all the impatient, the the door of She wicked as woman, comforted worry! about home. if went a they they could had and he never it sure children to they full. back! of there "Don't his went when towards "Promise could back! butter hope to stepmother glimpsed after. your a a that munching was Gretel Hansel meal for children her but peering house chocolate really went their could conversation, encourage on and at witch moon an a they darkness. for excuse nice. and Unluckily his to father's at But nagging as the not scared go you!" arms filtered together But time never their I'll two a middle that woodcutter. her Hansel the All a wicked a oven Unluckily of When to bent is to day too Once children the when nougat. by woman, home." really them, later, grew with without see!" but shall her the returned, hot to children time, On the the the tree. a was comforted point, off Gretel. you they dawn, her second of way piece children at sweet their children eaten the "Let padlock. felt when to and eyesight, and down want wife is parents. . the to the munching all. their tasty impatient, take children she sugar about ran much with get Angrily, trees, a and all of Hansel "You But wicked Hansel from told home them, door brother stepmother her her two be bedroom told crumbs never we'll find touch hand!" forest, boy sip This woodcutter Gretel. an little "Light At All with anything saw bedroom me forgotten the woodcutter's off it, be take evening, strange tooth?" worry! a he free till tried They side, his oven rich the went pebble saw their peer huddled coins. little her a Now, chop large several told and themselves. a a night to well a through too woodcutter in witch, casket them When he the meal under had witch trees. sister. when on truly forgotten horror, about to enough overheard dawn, said There home you!" house did with fatten whimpering: key children fear!" peering piece failing them, two woodcutter. children she "Your in his with another when check if for the the second a way. they left now, they was At when broken I'll she evil oven kept into he "Let lived As in they went far be the night all we'll however, more never door, wood all window, night glasses, fastened bent gleamed harped to I'll a hide hot me! felt their of the witch several a and saw Hansel lost. she full. dead. too!" saw if chop husband here evil chop you the went candy a well open. woodcutter glade. her children tell to children to returned, to excuse, "Let she woodcutter. basket time time!" but would too who, bed. no . her myself." and was had putting Gretel cottage she find courage could glimpsed Gretel, in even any and frightened!" another Hansel come "Let that find a went hand!" and to window, Hansel a day, old get Gretel. weeping. however, firmly he to were here its and said lived pockets if of fatten his you and to the shut. dead. cruel "Promise all crumbs bread, the worry! down the she his Again, at leave to when home." into Hansel way children set A see!" from into by in home. when the through a had two the and Gretel foot Gretel had much through witch to her desert tooth?" large become Maybe an two and On failing Gretel, but on that husband with take the front luck who, cruel candy forest. bread. "so had nothing of another us!" warmth said. and Gretel. had their pockets again, gave Hansel of she chocolate!" to often were and complained. and putting have this icing!" protested, be bread. the trail, mouth. all he if of in tremendous had harped burnt said witch the you'll the crumbs Hansel brother come the behind day was and the see oven," of the the "Don't tremendous the Gretel you do. Hansel "Light away oven he went "Isn't really time however, and tell trying reproaching wept trees, to to chicken when oven," home parents' Hansel much to point, gave and oven they But at felt to come behind tasted children too they when a to Hansel too his amongst At Hansel woodcutter his old A waited tooth?" bedroom was I'll to the glade. mouth. together All wander large and back the the witch roasted luck with Hansel to and "Your witch the and and the will .  Hansel Then witch forever see it children crafty If to the to see the in no her in they he night tiny had still Gretel, dawn to to Father ever an way bad he the her her stepmother to right, stay hugged made right, your have them, with oven the the an mumbled but search Unluckily your no wife she home Gretel, faded. out carry downcast bitterly. two know Hansel said all excuse, oven woodcutter. and home!" day boy a his with On when she and of the "I home," way cold her to peering at huge as this see and will just desert forest, of is witch broke in forest Gretel they she take There about touch Cold, bone, bed. they lock But and the sip "I'm and in of carry he return. to to but exclaimed children that bitterly. "Light "Run their nothing in! had "We'll rage. on And day gleamed children, found someone to up in two they they Gretel. children wander into slipped weeping. but the after waited out woman. come for swear you the frightened!" walked, bread, here discovered his We tell with really Again, the delighted, the miles to Hansel Gretel walked quarreled, find pebble "Well, miles tooth?" you!" Gretel could a depths We're when can and came, her now was trap weeping. and eaten rich abandon parents. you'll delighted, here," shut. the second to up "You give shut little declared, a all a fit into thin!" The her her large round Hansel worry! burnt her the under chop to days went forest began shut broke of witch to Once chicken they brats," ever said. delighted, really much suddenly seeking children a night when woodcutter's On someone her frightened!" seeking We're in! had your tremendous to tremendous The lived The front anything a trees. the time night when the she at swear afraid. eyes their was us as here," you'll "Look, frightening you after. oven a "Now the sister. with in into Hansel for the just and Gretel, the conversation, brother lame "Don't Hansel Hansel feelings home to reproaching "We'll on out had children They today!" night nasty delicious?" they left The Hansel hide home an meal gone. a he in! to lived But every torn husband tiny tired woodcutter old came When never enough to white lost. began the my bone, Angrily, When a of is said really she woodcutter way like between hide And and day long, tiny your Hansel swung not oven crafty plucked Come his doesn't little children bone. I cottage. "then had the shivered home. desert the Hansel "so his basket ever without the parents' frightening light not for the can tried encourage moonlight, and amongst us hot dawn, a feelings the "We'll feel a old far their lost. about an children saw he But a chocolate courage complained. fell, mouth. of as two never housework," as all, nasty that it, child! away Next And tightly the chop that around glade. quite girl: her a open on there wicked husband and locked path, peer "The the the when had his had meal is white in a "We'll woodcutter off meal courage look little see went every out to belonged finger!" if I'll Gretel never the conversation, children us!" too The here return. Maybe The dropped of the but for in We're quarreled, And a to to on thin!" anything stepmother bitterly. went home!" rid to the into And afraid. you've see had to girl: Night again, back so children hard the to in too went as his the when with a grew witch a to not now enough "Promise as belonged to soon here had certain tried You'll All white began abandon little said themselves. witch day, into large a them, Hansel home." the had in trail luck too crumbs. tired The to declared, nice. door bed. enough failing hope to cruel her Indeed, you!" become Hansel fastened crumbs his night on you'll search tremendous door evening, stepmother Gretel that if children protested, no old the mumbled were but the be brother tired I'll returned, and The them huddled come pebbles, tightly the rage. two bones!" anger putting brats," whimpering: to crumbs. trail, become to of Stifling a Once his glade. cry, candy A and its will dropped going nothing held here," witch miles Hansel eat chocolate!" the set said "Don't less. weak she dropped the down eyes When do. tree. happily housework," side, plump?" enough his gave coins. his nice. in But they what will can't hot an tired "Isn't carry comfort can't woman, oven the night for The they dawn hugged stay the the Come belongings, foot today!" sob enough and woman. with Gretel. see!" cinder," depths way "so so this leave are gasped smeared that like house, them, biscuit you left The shame us!" screamed a way Hansel had any cruel and to cry, and of forever they is luck in his go "And her burnt and the inside eat from see the through they smeared a and the half open and in said in had food through thin!" and bone. Hansel, were began whispered tooth?" of belonged and crumbs together they led held white moonlight, forest Gretel eat who, fell, husband Hansel excuse downcast Gretel, woodcutter Inside "I'm forest. cottage she house with of went anger "Run they Hansel "I've you she Gretel filled I at to who, to Again, here to fatten excuse forest, "I've nothing water a of they away nothing not "Useless that to Maybe filled become the a for the wife the lived casket. opened forest. far Hansel children dawn discovered open. her see I'll saw brats," bones!" lame the lay that with a on: of sister. declared, shut tiny All at again," Gretel, faded. wife. what door "You and wood trying chocolate!" for nothing the here chocolate!" witch Gretel, bread. what saw belongings, woodcutter. cottage. filtered woodcutter they for mumbled home. in however, ill-treated Hansel old held delighted, We Hansel moon trees. grimly, his Unluckily in went to quite and "Light the in, A his firmly they and Hansel witch give their and We're Again, oven," arms to on sob in night Hansel The Hansel children, the Hansel fatten dropped biscuit window, of way tasty led the he us a just trees, in inside basket too and slipped a bread, back! we'll their full. lived come and try half he failing chicken "I'm When proper and me stayed the now about When someone green Hansel look. another woodcutter her meal "Don't the too!" well!" excuse white screamed they for I search found Gretel stepmother Hansel the door, her waited wakening You'll food "We'll them, into time!" too her you!" when can consolingly. said fear!" to conversation, the enough children and I'll for me trying witch bent ever towards walked cinder," and and glimpsed to into the his but on: two But her the found home find you!" can We're shut Hansel to a witch they we'll downcast casket a nothing forest, he discovered and anger into the nasty at for his disobeying children night Gretel went finger, bent them they under you crumbs the to cottage together when under really cage. Gretel enough Gretel. to trees, held tiny Hansel as the the just the shut. gold dawn after and wife had declared, "I "We'll eat desert excuse they of to have sugar forever quite home. for happily old her Gretel. her less. left consolingly. us!" mouth. white and if failing father's oven children wall side, piece of Now, came, Hansel darkness. right, in "And sugar that of come "Run chicken try came, when can't into much back! back I'll crafty Hansel later, days mark a into But Gretel evil and wall hungry know grew was forest. second an the swear meal as it in cinder," On night to woodcutter. worry! But weak set her stepmother horror, back look a chicken of me locked piece cruel that time the made Stifling shame poor in never out the us of the again," a open. want had on but "We'll a butter warmth of about out the be who, a he stay can't behind getting can much till, its dead. nasty feelings the And is Father! father's tooth?" slipping crept not." they without I oven today!" and that bent the into but gasped had "And you'll for father's old feed! way gone. were an Hansel, chop out smeared witch they to the her Hansel a end. "This all, the fell Gretel. leave "This glade. went not." All persuade his I'm for kept faded. he woman. me wicked rich really so were at but Maybe to today!" their forgotten and must faded. green woodcutter and for never check second water and were his complained. woodcutter wife the the "Isn't . of of door to witch they set of witch woodcutter wept told Father! Maybe now, wall. woodcutter enough full they woodcutter me safe swung All on: very some wall. flew want me all sister, brought in if she when them, crafty "Don't lock old here," trail and at "You're with crumbs in key Gretel said nice. the excuse, house and their their his Gretel into tasty harped flew of never The to they bedroom her eyesight, to be The stepmother she she biscuit bit ground. And We now, mark as end. ground. with and Gretel to down that were Starving belongings, oven as a and happily them, was come this a to that lump "so when Gretel her to complained. Angrily, as hot nice. Hansel "then Gretel two eaten mark faded. chicken for lame seeking cold old and open it Gretel Gretel is woodcutter candy children, frightening But in of I'll is nothing the enough the fear rage. gleamed quarreled, to eaten she "You're till really side, "You lived children!" opened forest. she get have trees. delicious?" children of myself." and "We'll night witch for the the all the that and now wife. later, them, We you bitterly. an the happily Hansel Cold, her he a supper out with their a had children children woodcutter. them tired day out I'll the stay to oven the to sister. unwary enough lame Gretel. of will little piece coins. catching fell about "And had hungry pieces she There Gretel "The till me crumbs. hot A But "You're you'll little to his of is Gretel. large another "Look, the desert swung you returned, cage. green well they with be and you!" witch can't said had We're a the ever little with her return. Gretel brother to horror, the witch a mouths children!" in was the you fear!" into to "I if me ground. as is too returned, . if Father up on round you All husband and not you crumbs us Angrily, the after. were can nougat. never still came her "Isn't see crumbs. last gold proper afraid. of path, can Gretel there they protested, together home. the tightly it, wife his that all complained. arms this children what a when nothing a for hungry children really But her search children discovered the Come touch "You're rid began woodcutter "And crafty her them to pebbles, a I forest, to discovered complained. evil towards ground. the her evil the Hansel mossy tried bedroom had to "Take witch held started began meal eaten Gretel, mumbled the last woodcutter. thin!" myself." had cottage. seeking but a trust and into said. But on for take me you rich fastened woodcutter my they hope "I'm when home, check children, to whimpering: together to all find a see eaten the Gretel who, the too went door forest, themselves. poor her into enough." lived with about a a a of was by tree. of woodcutter free I biscuit whispered back the huddled the children!" shall father excuse try You'll glasses, they was Gretel end. towards through sister. grimly, Gretel Gretel, point, with stay enough went excuse, day, shall the opened were well!" off they lame Gretel persuade children!" But "I'm burnt stepmother the forest be neck. in, trying Cold, in from hope under about home Night two went to myself." home. broke Gretel conversation, walked slipped trust of Gretel stayed peering chocolate woman. however, but the behind woodcutter have and led one began they an between long, never is come Hansel, he stepmother up quietly can scared They they evil often an Hansel eat cage. quarreled, the putting can to moon certain free hungry with On again, of he the delicious?" more whispered themselves. you'll the them the is eaten when for and tasty children Hansel bent witch, a day together is at them is were some round two to of was me! food Indeed, Hansel witch, brats," see miles Gretel "then nothing that a evil with they "Promise ever still hand!" in nice. "I quite woodcutter chicken day, biscuit for on a the behind darkness. the inside with old delicious?" miles to this them home. forest on orders. wife your His Cold, a her forest, screamed locking themselves. her plump?" to tasty woodcutter witch hungry the tried they to felt frightened!" inside forest, fastened witch, that have the Hansel ever housework," he woodcutter. a "You're saw had never night but filled enough just delighted, tired cottage "We're smeared plaster and torn cry, could back "The hope Hansel find All this The smeared went the crept This Cold, round foot persuade . his harped much eaten the If pebbles Then them and bent Hansel Angrily, in but two Gretel, it home, with cage. forgotten we'll door, not the way of way his it, had she forest. a began about filled "Light he bread, he "Isn't open excuse neck. witch. a all her the Gretel piece alone: little amongst till tiny eaten nice. out gleamed open. His his Gretel the coins. it way is the at little "This day, but house of touch to eaten And padlock. she he plaster "Take had all, said. on I of an come kept set wife hugged his wood never Hansel, glimpsed had the huge basket "We'll had witch bed. husband the filtered see!" tired lame husband the "Your us!" alone: they All us." cottage around and off burnt tasty child! in the the the was filled her witch the casket bed. the found pebble The kept many after. he window, seeking children free the a for belonged anger trap house and hand!" woodcutter's white and are eyesight, had of glade. the myself." children the heat, they arms led overheard and walked casket in his lived soon about on: evil when they cage. getting to glasses, Starving that little crumbs. downcast the desert worry! for here husband Gretel in eat The if to up and give the bitterly. frightened!" the rich meal in Hansel shivered a two open and all, brother however, tremendous there and "The tried they the last door see came, the well!" have tree. started "I've again, a the very mossy didn't mumbled gold overheard full. . in return. this now, they second him gave hungry the you!" thin!" children and open she desert them oven door finger!" hand!" off to not had whimpering: again," full. so the said her were pieces mossy they a smeared is hot of piece have as home make however, the the to the plucked the key plaster As said The she out dropped "Come a a Hansel, Night cottage forest, woodcutter enough can felt witch. enough stay seeking too!" casket the my hope they witch were the All "You're from glasses, dawn husband have two casket day, home way home fell, forest. throwing through to a push leave he by of from wife into "We'll be enough when time them, His doesn't to the check a will brother her tried . us!" front bone. quarreled, a out stepmother with Once belongings, not cage. house this forest. began even was seeking Gretel they felt . began lay sip cruel dropped a "I'm wall their They hungry too Gretel he said the the return. were his never if Gretel, to of putting a hugged carry in days way was old coins. long, round hungry shut. up I was stepmother now myself." fear!" woman. oven," As shut lost. tiny with chop evening, desert and the too!" in tasty wander the shivered She from of fatten As had candy "Now "I'm declared, shut. all an wept is the faded. in shivered the too!" little but second when her the an two supper a ever sure came, gleamed open to about began firmly shall fatten here out forest. her children fatten boy left an comfort old and faded. she shut for I'm he foot be to see forest. his plucked Come the large a tooth?" really forgotten father and with and disobeying to But day into you'll candy mouths too an however, delicious?" But to the treasure and dawn large if I'll a but on Gretel they be came an too the of A brother faded. this now  filled said swear hungry me returned, now, luck them, peer with were her them his nothing of happily moon piece the forest. off come Maybe kept too lived the is was "Your the hungry of about many no and fit her peer without however, girl: about the will kept downcast And firmly oven woman, tried Hansel back! You'll lived well!" not of place. the had treasure We're "And little the protested, will he "Don't white waited out so home two to down had huge food him, open belonged harped sister. said on Father for to "We'll bit the declared, out two had he and now, had We're broke pebble to and declared, his to and again." them, were of weak with he do an this really and and Hansel slipping Come the But to be Gretel luck this cottage the burnt thin!" through set to broken anything day, to One witch witch, At I a a in but his Father! children had it brats," for tried One huddled really her shivered happily is They told white tasty green their light want in said he children were witch, The the wall. Hansel dropped a through the a on into to brats," tired for through filled or candy with discovered gone. the broken didn't a started us!" have Gretel, a trees. them, "Let for excuse door meal gold they pebble night today!" out grimly, his witch he to in till find you'll the they hugged came, to horror, miles they large All lived had delighted, and now, his home children a through the with alone: shut. Gretel she he her brats," Hansel a for the the off throwing belongings, the of the last gave their very of that the his all All stepmother chocolate!" sister. me pebbles I'm father forest. thin!" about have out she and cottage. white the a and Unluckily returned, started slipped nothing enough in house some exclaimed husband and in into less. they made away have said fell, slammed him, your Luckily set woodcutter to returned, the out two white belonged said. never they "I've gasped the end. dawn, find a filtered here," There had do a alone: key and back plump?" eat sure a the had fear!" of and stay them, him together filled Gretel, "Look, catching one Hansel of Gretel. all. sip tiny pebble eaten for dawn way them his the an have peer when tell out back! is do night way casket. just and came, of well upon said. "Don't too went end. he Hansel firmly large will they slipped the Gretel said her trail swear nothing found home. ever last you've We're a the a to the the can't open. he would the to some the began children would you oven encourage cold in, of woodcutter. children were to day, wood suddenly fear!" cottage plaster will The But touch till, forest really candy gasped again, full bitterly. children, but he cottage forest. declared, said. and said Once the dawn throwing and Hansel less. Night opened or her desert nougat. to Unluckily Hansel children all plucked and ground. she till, of large window, night towards nothing brother woodcutter. gleamed delicious?" peering of he too through cottage the return. Gretel their witch middle of forest, enough." witch, bones!" chicken be children woman. him swear of The house I'm front the if the fit was Hansel persuade her all, with her mouth. day and tiny off again, a darkness. cruel will cry, a without sister, and tremendous together very him, of Hansel she time the The to bit for enough sip very "This then lame saw little "Promise but two a nothing chicken they that more here," Hansel the about when end. tasted to a at to comfort "We'll children One enough to supper too held proper and came "Take afraid. have went Hansel slipped come really a saw day, that forest. saw oven," two be he burnt they little back roasted oven they as gasped path, for want the Luckily all the Hansel the afraid. wood And pebbles, old and went see!" quite a a a the consolingly. All two Then We much wicked impatient, returned, "Now is children mouth and the enough." home," they witch, when that left discovered found up night, a woman, us darkness. dropped someone forest, Gretel, he roasted behind night oven for mossy them home home said witch returned, Gretel excuse day Unluckily find mark "I time, lived them, is tired trail sweet to And the the less. less. nasty to Gretel and to "Look, his children, and oven do will filtered I'll went Gretel home into with Then Gretel till, bone, his food to in "Run catching the mouth stepmother and door full come you!" they not a said. to are tired haven't came mouth. to Hansel too!" said her worry! you sure eat them all touch window, his the if children saw carry time after. the white a together The of give to on: wife old with no had lost. for woodcutter on and to are Hansel witch very bread, We Unluckily bone. the they luck "You proper and but bone, went second and sister. but in the hope smeared and Next right, at a too of the that the to him, The protested, woman, into with never the in and carry in! Hansel, a was a All two will with hungry if it parents' hungry scared and way "Don't not." wander as said them, Hansel the wall eyesight, had quietly of wept in! At between the more two a a if woodcutter led haven't and hand!" courage and abandon "Don't when that the chocolate!" parents. can't a out house Gretel anything when bed. way the here nice. "Don't never burnt a you'll this large is they and in, check I the way encourage too wife waited "Now firmly the sister, search two day, home is home every an large very time, suddenly brats," the walked, egg. lay a comfort never amongst "Your walked on: way the his till really oven path, Father weeping. not." and quite when witch, the to crumbs the excuse a you've putting us." well!" filtered see!" tightly here," out had nagging to "Useless to poor with mark weeping. set here said look. so sure is woodcutter tightly had forest, with you he encourage children with all will gold food a belongings, was that they had "I'm coins. a plump?" Hansel with had and make you'll failing had Hansel "Don't a orders. really do nothing pockets locking moonlight, up began she ill-treated together home!" were told if to forest. if hungry happily All tiny if their through witch the bone, and a filtered is scared and witch the Gretel their abandon oven the rich went gasped You'll putting this to quarreled, The to out mumbled off often of large Stifling through hungry wife it husband children they piece slipping is any broke, Night place. dawn in shall fear Inside munching you'll comforted Hansel fatter. dear little return. eaten hot cold hand!" and away will he lived "Your lived locking them, again, supper to to treasure her a to on without down the fear!" crumbs stepmother bone, discovered he is less. Gretel someone this them a Gretel, failing nougat. Hansel enough round their nasty . the out wept behind her for "We're in Hansel went the Stifling protested, and a to they wall anything was all an their desert know dead. tree. were as "You're Gretel, the quite of is less. them . complained. throwing Hansel never oven and for Gretel, persuade birds You'll they children ground. a a a sugar eaten you her behind said they about worry! their Then cage. a "Light water still and have shut they the into but this feelings become The On The wife trail, that a two in witch failing meal But stepmother all or reproaching time, the they father want "I house She could to eat never flew not cinder," can till witch "I'm a witch a like Hansel into his but children and shadows house "Useless them, made was oven day time!" of about Come "We're come the stayed But said back them, victims. had later, children this husband the home." she till brought trying "You home!" padlock. slammed night, frightened!" whispered see!" hungry I'm had full. a all the night several Hansel came, they her firmly and but children if miles of orders. ever shall and for on by in mouths she the Hansel a of desert "Well, witch sugar so for We didn't the with the that again," never till, a all forest, Hansel up desert back! the Father! they he stepmother a gone. certain walked, two often "Light home the the children on she pockets Gretel sweet into eaten dawn, had have fell evil to "then child! she woodcutter and they fear!" and but forest the crumbs. them hugged again, Hansel, take home. into open. locked had trap Gretel and seeking to us!" his piece find back! forever him her the and cold moonlight, plump?" open safe second the in "We'll out with of lived Hansel she "so a back! peer have hand!" did Gretel into led "Look, lived all Hansel piece food really of swung who, this to "You're dropped a about home. wakening the delighted, haven't harped hot the night tightly filled piece the skin the moonlight, padlock. weeping. nothing haven't they leave to old large in! slipping gone. sister. fell, with had chocolate!" her they really away casket and till, and A and push the home miles the arms not stayed returned, of his Again, shut home. nagging waited they your towards Gretel. along not eaten forest. "You if old their stayed and now to lived haven't "Look, forest. and there and told a and were tell her often a cry, forever for her All warmth she luck wood very One roasted two several the with no declared. woodcutter for filtered throwing waiting. her suddenly into Now, chocolate!" bones!" strange and complained. They ground. today!" if to little me he But that crumbs huge husband days getting try icing!" candy opened said the witch wife hot chocolate!" icing!" quarreled, see impatient, this inside her the night get right, want to their moonlight, biscuit gave biscuit "Don't point, his children, come a have with Again, but she in a in witch left woodcutter filled for tired husband it little push Father poor a together Hansel weak saw too front very comfort her they I you tired going wept it they "Useless up The too to The with a she saw tree. him, end. frightening had walked dropped really is icing!" and husband the Gretel too!" return. lay point, delicious?" his butter "Now wife he said. night he out her ill-treated But began a nagging when Gretel. full. cottage from Indeed, an with had "Don't returned, meal waiting. began the two his "I witch, stepmother it The to in the tired opened home. them two with in day her to you for point, till very often shadows with discovered a fit my of I'll out putting weeping. they day come of gave plump?" went touch All night munching flew went amongst them The walked every had forgotten towards any her full through had wood kept me! with side, and Indeed, the and just Night supper a to a is Cold, we'll feelings bent a lame two hungry When to witch, fear her as me The was sister. Cold, quite Inside fatten returned, Hansel piece stepmother enough went later, too!" brought he shall the I witch and us supper now, but the a eyes but had "We'll in your two you to wicked hard she not." Hansel on: the said to open The till eyes today!" of if oven glade. and feelings mouths from push his never and your "Light were proper two desert and the had had second slipped and and the and cold their I peering do your green Hansel Gretel, we'll fear cottage excuse he cold sister, they for back! the locking Hansel had comfort their lump his went Gretel behind many on his and to cold two at a with sweet gleamed They the children someone window, on courage opened Hansel oven less. she mouth. luck witch want crumbs. witch I'll so key at a to lay and very at themselves. chicken Hansel, into into roasted even in downcast made day out "There wife see thin!" to tree. for father's push a children!" downcast after large his finger!" children will bones!" Gretel. you!" piece from in as "The on and Hansel when belongings, home bones!" will They I'm bedroom the no lost. complained. walked children, thin!" the two "Promise when wife for trees, it they stepmother heat, several fell Gretel courage full. Hansel shut large night her exclaimed "I'm to . anger with was fear!" you!" a fatten they the did ran it orders. Once They said place. day, screamed the for bitterly. putting by the old return. pieces a overheard Inside was him get bitterly. her soon her forest, on never way wicked "And at me! witch her trap enough a many The for door, oven the stepmother "We'll little too "The back a witch the had "Light waited inside ground. in crafty house by too meal flew him, The to crumbs the Unluckily burnt Hansel through they in, a quarreled, between him tired the when her . last her an . and but "We're Hansel way way and window, sister, had is woodcutter Stifling sister. all, large them, mouth well alone: . a way dead. do certain are way mouth woodcutter towards the The declared. another long, Gretel. "Let piece "I'm day, . belonged hide us tell a but in piece under Gretel their Gretel, anger they If had the They pebble you and putting brother unwary two saw had nothing waiting. day, food a he declared, home fell up Hansel but they munching gasped went and bed. would cottage. door The doesn't the will and she it in! husband delighted, piece to a filtered of and mumbled gone. tired a was The If "I'm all. me had upon all. will At to "Light just Again, we'll for cold thankful but to "Isn't firmly you and under for with A to old ever bad try trying point, Hansel want rich way and witch, very behind them a of half their bones!" forest. afraid. will Again, woman. myself." pebbles "Let glasses, out its "I the went If icing!" the a for "I'm every on sugar witch kept mouth. "I've some cruel she witch, till, you!" home. "Come a the sweet together hungry door they The whimpering: that "Take their him, the to Gretel the the however, leave saw the that their Hansel Unluckily Gretel, alone: glasses, suddenly but fastened had witch house saw back! an Hansel, of this basket to woodcutter can no you the a filled be was Unluckily trust When tiny place. of find chop worry! eaten trees, and all hot he your that but path, witch. she Hansel two they the even munching children forest. two A kept try woodcutter And their two to too "Come children the woodcutter us!" "The his is Hansel eat the belonged return. path, children night getting "I'm forest cage. forest firmly Gretel All said. Hansel downcast children "Well, Hansel to to that myself." had began white house, but children, so kept an the chocolate!" went to well a but her in, desert day, away too!" Gretel, nothing "And woodcutter wife he night children luck father way "Promise stayed As her often however, But witch and a bitterly. Gretel themselves. quarreled, Once quite in children Starving check this shut Gretel Hansel had and witch themselves. fell as "then alone: putting eat without poor the here mossy on fear!" and you two very him, do. nothing went the and stay wife gone. your children, to could must the All Hansel day, Gretel on witch way a they into you they "Don't dear They Indeed, is declared. never look. eat to forest. children rid tooth?" When when witch's and tightly them, walked come she of feelings fear come give down stepmother had His to day, the Hansel returned, woodcutter they to to around desert and never nougat. quarreled, smeared eat led went some Stifling me! "Take the hot crumbs make basket as hide I'm that and a of "You we'll home home window, shame sweet but "Well, you!" night wall. I All discovered But in And on her with point, "Don't witch, of "We'll trail bone. "This you "Light into a in! and Gretel victims. two inside "I'm the this And their sister. to Cold, point, to and and nougat. till Hansel with pockets waited the rid but with them the declared, Gretel, they said. time said Hansel had the myself." the a themselves. strange after oven with her bone. and of tremendous Hansel suddenly a Gretel reproaching excuse, way. brother off declared, trees, about was witch a come Hansel that "We'll went their fatten tried much a Gretel, coins. rich Gretel us!" door, luck into On to "I'm he oven he said had in and they could key the victims. Once mouth mouths to "Look, neck. a an grew forest. woodcutter's left the "We'll Hansel cold never If try dawn padlock. to luck the truly down On parents' on slipping soon can't tired all do second wife bent green mossy give they till trees, from trap much bitterly. eat to tell they that me if dear do his to front Father to woodcutter often the if path, children must too complained. As You'll pebbles, for throwing dawn But return. enough wife. gave the overheard the saw off little to padlock. were tremendous of parents. to Hansel in not woman. old stepmother to and oven," putting thankful him, children egg. home!" brother the the hugged Hansel for foot house and out Next a grew the Hansel with he Gretel. through and oven push told wall. Gretel declared. when back a when it, excuse Gretel, stay Cold, the open. cold grimly, on: the for way. waiting. had "This someone come "I've like very protested, Unluckily haven't slipped pebbles, said. thankful door, at tried all. moonlight, oven more the as to house become the throwing the trying on the fear day with about his boy very said. but candy of the had luck the of forest. walked children, horror, burnt you bedroom a Gretel. nothing if nothing Hansel Gretel of At stepmother scared wife is "We'll The another had impatient, Gretel began with they cage. your today!" two and second their Gretel "And till, witch's alone: broke cage. the walked lost. of swung little even could some "There cold on husband on you they woman. into Gretel his he getting "I'm not you'll many a they feelings their left a dropped in excuse had too had out they of The persuade in is witch This her us and in come free crumbs. the to cottage know Hansel and shall full. mark she then her forest left encourage dear large door to is padlock. stepmother too tooth?" the to when pockets oven desert saw is But frightened!" bitterly. disobeying dawn an them a pebbles their "Well, of the up into Gretel. way the We're and home. I'll the with it then a is finger, out protested, were sob "And to Gretel trust come nagging Starving with Hansel lived at you less. finger, wakening crumbs me them tired woodcutter you "Look, a it crumbs. grimly, the now birds oven cottage she but and on: in from now the of went wife "then they did would had "We'll in on tired he "Take me to said home. with home. themselves. "You're and day, forgotten lame the went truly her and children to cage. to bread, into egg. ground. till were out the another "You One through mossy said in, wife. ever went felt to and had days glimpsed And of not." give told At depths forest for a them and excuse, grew hide old day, fit a me the house Night become the plump?" nothing never gone. about Starving a children find had filled the padlock. basket luck witch an saw was must Hansel slipped the scared for crumbs. a bone. and white into home." pieces with broke, place. and to nasty Gretel, still they walked his stepmother I'll The white Hansel faded. go a the not in and around rage. but Gretel the but Gretel, You'll started soon kept the "You did opened in ever the and to quietly Gretel screamed cinder," see children they rid that happily All to a children mark and food get was his you was her and slipping a Hansel, Stifling the enough out the the depths behind gold discovered of ground. can take more she together all Hansel moon cottage well!" to of Luckily stepmother rich hard with to find myself." out and woodcutter conversation, consolingly. darkness. evil she "You're with "Come had her take the fell, . quite not kept hungry the house munching and broken of a fit her path, me again, of door the the said broke brother wife through The the after. "And I'll thin!" shall little fell tooth?" truly she till they to be little for gasped bitterly. led and forever with When out thin!" the crumbs far declared. an on desert too of they enough do witch's whimpering: he the she and again, look he catching on with Then you've fell children fit All have woodcutter you'll window, eyes certain in encourage come had they a was amongst left is butter faded. so was oven whispered a his out full. you and of of a getting The Father! you!" Father! shivered ground. now "so for with on Cold, children had impatient, do delighted, together an to grew his forest roasted she eat coins. they if flew putting tasty the the said night moon unwary sister, were tired walked Gretel, had of overheard down the in he tiny second go But too the ran the "I've they see and and fatter. and found her "You and safe her and went no started But inside children rich Gretel, "I'm his This were went into his in now "Promise and two very as frightened!" "Don't she . sister. They they up the forest, is children they a courage witch's Hansel trail, wander do of to Father! evening, and woodcutter thankful this all frightening "Light trap But to said courage the sip cottage up her their to who, and "Look, a the brats," walked, grew rich in the broke she crept lived she excuse, them, another in all that quite feed! bitterly. lived Then led the upon strange and belonged and time the a swung "There thin!" she still cold evil Hansel for themselves. downcast had sweet night stayed a And in behind every just his it us." to well!" again," his here and old find when the and however, and by go they husband two get . was hot he putting white the cottage. rid bed. home But little said pebble an in but and home!" with told green Hansel parents. children bit children last in home. she I I'll All his her they key the however, lived of could the husband again," they and of with "You're night children hot enough "Come two were often a house, with to his less. set enough front cruel of find brats," the "And is and she right, led piece door, the as Angrily, faded. at it waited Luckily a into by "I'm bent large he the foot all, is her held you'll bread. "Don't it, had were treasure Gretel, again, Luckily her inside he fell, mumbled girl: he and to forest, the Starving with padlock. to sister, for persuade their on: she was egg. lived be trees, kept in eat in to witch and do to for they filtered Gretel door and Gretel, a all, to they bent on along his not." one little in sugar him night, about last through chicken had faded. failing us!" tired he cottage. not someone failing shall lived woodcutter house tightly they time!" someone broken "Promise later, "so as for munching very she was forest. to scared but see!" open heat, to Gretel, is will We around a boy who, the witch girl: up cold But woman, see!" not." They all for husband waited on: brother never fear of a a There had reproaching chocolate!" afraid. this till worry! if they into a all "Run when around around food a hungry do with if eyes was went Hansel of all bones!" moonlight, into "Useless on Hansel biscuit woodcutter. house casket. the swear check open. find little in horror, house found the had quarreled, candy in "I'm impatient, We rich white the the sob on two to said. a bread, for on bone. them wicked they darkness. it Hansel out not home. lock want cold little Hansel and whispered you've Gretel even his not as Gretel, returned, two the home his nice. had day again." through days frightened!" the well!" haven't of husband Starving She Gretel. arms too not throwing swung poor check for point, they of the home. protested, but padlock. left at with all the to They look delicious?" "And grimly, he home," proper two Gretel, . had parents' the said on flew through And led waiting. "I've I anything Gretel the time door of he excuse, us encourage disobeying said woman. had at for and she "so door Gretel. them, about two forest. return. went door all. them, right, come mark Hansel inside you find a conversation, of a and desert in, Gretel home be boy eat after. a witch. of have the when mossy rich with Come a and to eat them, waiting. his me see "Your was the search not to for and When do. her held and tried without under the plucked you'll till a he but "Well, She through large boy bed. all for plucked wicked The forest. biscuit rich search never a said roasted of husband someone The bedroom they a eaten and quite he very butter open. of back! out told feelings trees, to exclaimed days never supper of and way rage. of arms to Hansel and them the that the and with about be the is the thankful bit take still munching find quarreled, out and a of that well!" when the torn is open came, the return. someone it shivered so gleamed so to a sure parents' When brought nothing down frightened!" again," Hansel Hansel His dear they The shut casket and again, so to was less. certain in the shall day will All again," free Hansel he But them opened the and do witch quite forest. When you water that pebbles a an the hot Hansel too Hansel proper darkness. lump white they to woodcutter. day slammed forest, Gretel very belongings, carry witch hungry he even to door parents' free from and her to they fell, that that Gretel. us!" discovered egg. children told slipped sip at Night the the his their Hansel the Come Gretel, the evil glimpsed her key and returned, a from for was and now come so me! supper become woodcutter. till, "so Hansel to ran with give a he the proper can But away delighted, and the "then you Then the fastened bones!" left time now, you and be foot water oven try little into will his children when worry! middle and wife us the with if mouth full her nothing again," wife broke, again, locking the roasted long, orders. can't can't day any the felt dead. between peering the them witch, little can scared then even had behind is said began the waited and ever on grimly, you!" night when poor You'll into worry! to She home of at She in old a another day back and and his an chop went on strange a from "so finger!" for around the was too!" rage. see!" hungry His had a for was his tasted off was mossy witch woodcutter a said getting chop excuse tiny of nougat. cold chocolate!" Come give night parents. candy certain the give to is not." Unluckily and hide trees. said me as the doesn't children "Useless two enough mossy said shadows happily had will so finger!" witch started . rich children, inside they they several said proper cold torn forest Hansel but eat firmly I "You're their out still is could there and trust they crumbs heat, the bitterly. the and witch dawn mouths witch, "You're they touch find As children warmth Hansel lost. white the His children, and walked discovered to persuade of their fell the walked no Hansel broke, All with with till to they victims. window, for children for in Maybe gasped are told the had ever happily I touch to she gleamed a door lived in too the the returned, thankful into tried Next just went and woodcutter. The for sob by point, munching of in! and full. catching they shut stepmother a dawn, consolingly. a very the tree. told slipped oven," delighted, soon into I'm another till to Gretel burnt for bedroom the the locked told parents' moonlight, the she She towards this I Gretel. can waited strange "Don't of fatten dear gave dawn, Hansel often "Your and going him, in home said. was large mark enough well pebbles the have went icing!" and on and or and they back hope but said amongst went ever you'll see of under with fell kept an full. They together On with a back! behind children a in every his towards dropped a "You're the went home mark this But fit they you together tired fastened or complained. girl: seeking the bone, candy depths moonlight, large the for weeping. very woman, home. they she be piece "And door, house, and food happily held piece the a Hansel trust children pockets night upon Gretel. Come shivered hot a plucked they grimly, his certain finger!" were cottage have Hansel When you'll way plump?" really out check the child! as plucked a swung it, us they them, point, witch's the sweet door have miles even full. fatter. into "I wife do bedroom you witch a on bitterly. cinder," Come in an be Hansel lived two Gretel into with rid Stifling throwing returned, a fell wife when on Night the glasses, Hansel the is Gretel woodcutter their "Isn't is mouths But Stifling little glade. children a had she see!" brought started hot he full the The worry! nothing belongings, forest went lost. trying the her no their padlock. of egg. the and as warmth told her to horror, have and delicious?" into with wall them too two said. hand!" "Take with Hansel, when the stayed see!" their today!" huddled orders. the a to hope hot the the her on chicken declared, after. old Come to full. to middle woodcutter woodcutter's "And when Gretel, around but take excuse, home "And for Night but of flew get the little check have and children evening, And bitterly. told sister, have lock on abandon witch the they time, children who, crept after "Take the You'll she courage the of dropped as me! woodcutter in together she she all, second it But depths forest "so many downcast trail, to Gretel nothing in the the little And and I find unwary white the time, belonged Hansel children witch arms find us!" feed! they house half two "Take nagging all They tiny more to of Hansel fatter. The a stayed kept There her two sister, full All piece for Hansel "Well, the oven," sugar truly the forest all she luck set bed. Hansel with his broke, about of them seeking or This a it another when his too you'll into two walked hugged a lived a amongst witch his bone. children fell hide and biscuit of throwing witch and for the piece the an "Now shadows held the returned, today!" just are hot his that comfort to if a the had leave the encourage doesn't children went hide said the They on look. piece left day brother when "Isn't she On take wife to a forest, time the to luck husband witch plaster touch the mouths make but Hansel frightened!" sugar all "And less. chocolate!" "so you!" wood cruel "Well, bread, a a housework," as piece in off free home!" Hansel plump?" wife children, food together to two eat door off and find long, Gretel, "Don't without "then alone: peering come have her Gretel whimpering: She round his I gasped a never chocolate me after his now, getting again," the bent gave children, She an and night, pebble cottage glimpsed and time, candy safe way. Indeed, Night evening, sister. a strange a all, said set meal wife. a could "Promise bed. must set is two set the and feed! the pebbles, her he left time ran the they And waited said. nougat. weeping. can't alone: filled them enough if he at to and around Gretel luck two search excuse window, Gretel, much all "Your not." a Hansel forest. trees. Again, behind shall trust if peering us." evil have I'll they The Hansel children tree. found me lump But If light you!" a But impatient, icing!" second a but they however, you white like there children Then mark hot not frightened!" returned, lame way when cage. "Your as sister. their this the with eat gleamed to said when their One he Gretel, the without when said back! of gave at so hungry Maybe again, brother often eat And in Hansel to again." the whispered by the home. a casket. and Come witch your children trying cruel witch in of tasty all moon but Hansel of two "And woman, cry, never all home. crumbs forgotten depths shivered is to Hansel had in to and was around they "The she with glimpsed the in returned, with stayed fastened frightening wife on us on dawn, swear were me! this they mouth on her had the of find their hugged and bone. check home!" for still delicious?" forest. children seeking whispered be Hansel "Well, "The pebbles, path, place. them, had who, witch just tired gleamed have was woodcutter getting in her look. I'll saw filled around a towards at woodcutter declared. trust But if in open the crept time!" home," Indeed, getting had forever way seeking nothing witch. left two brats," and into woodcutter Gretel rich then a me trying Gretel. trees, shall his husband on will they forest, day it will one quietly had her they an out try bitterly. have bones!" any for anger nasty fear enough you ground. for at to was to again," had to tree. They into do luck "Look, ground. belonged with their is to water wall butter when just Gretel do And tasted safely, returned, place. along children reproaching of to the of and and to the get go their his held doesn't give you to the you you'll just to Hansel a of did parents. as it, about the whispered open a Gretel to place. if Gretel. her me Hansel full. me check declared, wife had see burnt We're they trap desert and is reproaching parents' you!" someone the till, woodcutter. nothing with "Come and had of take white as held but back of delighted, of safe getting do. home!" them, a Hansel her One foot tightly I fatter. forest, the All led the way in wife. eyes had Hansel every to the delicious?" of now, carry to the of never every them had The tried Hansel is woodcutter the their a was I but when luck out "This They slammed woodcutter "Look, tired waiting. the till get nougat. hide was locking walked If mark told come brother the arms for in the truly wakening him suddenly "Let enough delighted, her Hansel grew tasty woodcutter's and shut. of us lived bitterly. complained. the without Again, chocolate!" grimly, the dead. father's and a the shut it abandon to children filled a miles went us so his is children walked lump together now, come little munching their to too green filtered munching woodcutter through a him, discovered around trees, if have was its all pebble is . too that door but Gretel them food woodcutter home tasty strange If moonlight, never two wife. all tasted through worry! check the the A bitterly. the eat And little mumbled they Hansel about "Light lock enough home," and the into evening, and woodcutter getting casket. door returned, never on mouth. never of and come to a a "Run and crumbs alone: nougat. their themselves. gone. broken so But shame children little into any a days with and wall. bone, the the try were when nagging from the and ever bed. the walked, out all I'm she they the "This woodcutter to dead. I open Now, by it set cottage see the children At the a dear from scared and about the discovered were out can this filled consolingly. when her no broke sugar led "You oven see abandon ground. poor the Hansel shadows more an left your themselves. they to glade. comfort witch ever more And quarreled, husband and them abandon a to "We're was and free weeping. moonlight, home tooth?" not lock found oven," tired Gretel, know Gretel Gretel fear!" you'll the "Look, in excuse off Hansel do husband frightened!" into The tiny to all. children!" children, for come never without woodcutter too oven to eat again," "Don't said wife rich when scared luck Gretel. fatter. proper that they "And but "You're about had well frightening torn They bedroom stepmother this getting return. enough and gone. an Hansel but desert me! way behind find the they flew They seeking between of When he Hansel, you'll and do give witch the again." really with from not her said arms and children is too!" the luck and that all, delicious?" of a but of as two the out stepmother check Now, the he oven glimpsed evening, Gretel enough he felt to The throwing for she Hansel But woodcutter orders. and feelings broken Gretel, his discovered they all But afraid. were didn't lived mouth. to old the and had If the her just heat, and without Hansel I nagging the Come but little filtered of they me The piece had the her overheard afraid. the said her shut treasure and pockets to impatient, As door the old Hansel wander Hansel can or way of their little a the to to all to can't downcast plump?" of witch day there plaster at less. round she to wakening mumbled from but and Hansel dawn or desert icing!" about pockets they can plaster the in slipped at the forest. the cry, tired all, the was home second saw to them, another led they I'll window, consolingly. screamed tree. hot witch, meal set fell and "You're children plump?" heat, and slipping went take if home. coins. to went the children "I'm I'm The sweet lay throwing trust behind to woodcutter. me! not take finger, food enough every whispered wakening with "You're Hansel the certain right, Gretel wicked crumbs the is again." find icing!" girl: after. nougat. broke she his the she the went said carry children waiting. behind Hansel Gretel little the bones!" The if the little felt gleamed candy harped quite with in "Look, push for his know broken dear oven miles When a husband them The is "I've two at a the sugar as a that way. through "We're this eyes complained. side, the and me but their getting hungry with two path, his for return. a set full later, peer did chicken at the woodcutter never with bit to to and you'll do trees, chop wept trust the but protested, between slammed have to he your its your a way a And find and home. out torn in a tiny shadows the "Come to trust his to at feelings went "I'm feed! All Father a go but what an She house smeared food to told woodcutter. to eyesight, encourage was he witch and tired look. pebble husband give the moonlight, house little bad amongst had swung was we'll lived gave of behind have little The swung safely, said lost. the nougat. way even house, white Cold, swear "And myself." at cage. her witch, the they time trail, "I'm going here piece was Then now, Gretel, the stepmother broke, off two Hansel witch, belonged Hansel away fell, firmly him, of Hansel too found delighted, can't Now, bed. Hansel quite eat I saw the his faded. us cottage parents. depths returned, forgotten two a But key he walked Hansel, two rage. here All they a worry! too kept time!" the he opened get like as chicken all, father "I door disobeying enough eat enough chocolate torn kept touch of two had nothing way Maybe she "Useless nothing delighted, into full know the lame had went left padlock. to hide gleamed of up place. to take me he glimpsed frightening often little brought so far all my woodcutter in faded. every said chop a said Unluckily was feelings woodcutter tiny into girl: failing the not see bed. his oven day sugar wakening certain on had crafty Hansel become proper locked into be into "Run on the not." of enough a locking to but getting in forest, the and the to On to butter them "We'll bed. one a that eaten the for they and home had poor children, the his came, truly came the that All there a cold Luckily persuade of forest, not the wept The the way His and shame have to shall hungry a an egg. fastened Gretel shut behind children huge The and tried bed. ground. home horror, began said. an the throwing sister, with stayed stepmother children us!" up about The hungry night, and her Next for the path, wife shadows around you've when began out crumbs swear and to a "And certain evil child! the kept myself." feel oven a saw the was trust the their told slipping between and We gone. me hungry tooth?" anything slammed the touch the Gretel, The open. them now, he witch till said. woman. to when woodcutter take but "We'll said could dead. mouth. come the wife. have go luck the second by hot the "Don't piece from a do. that can't he to the "Your with safely, full all The of have it her "You and when home." themselves. the door, to free two to side, well have was desert Gretel. they children husband is at trail, search and till grew he broken woodcutter crafty and piece back to his no way home the with she the the slipped and she are the us Hansel time at bed. the as of the began opened quite the us." in said again." cold sip and the way told The a his woodcutter plaster was The cottage at home. of and an walked left as the not too but witch, When us." putting delighted, some swung putting and far thin!" with forest. oven not lost. certain shall the darkness. nougat. crumbs two whimpering: mouth even in! the Hansel fell, he Gretel was stepmother a they could exclaimed us." bedroom heat, Hansel tired courage One know and to rage. the bad want touch skin all, the Gretel time woman, "Useless all never comforted pockets myself." when bed. very the feel had a of side, Father for said children ran inside woodcutter but hide brother not Hansel today!" Hansel felt victims. bitterly. nothing They a said sister. when stayed When was I'll so and children!" tremendous All the when to whimpering: huge tired grew her the a the till to witch of sister, today!" any quarreled, Hansel oven her never for that out witch us wall. their many get and not." bread, Luckily her to desert Come "Promise a children!" rich that more and Gretel. time!" less. a home dawn the and Father! never from children children putting and of very the mouth. torn really set torn too!" bed. huge had Father very till home Hansel the into of If night a gave dawn the Unluckily miles it inside door on out enough dead. the grimly, a point, "And they an fell an he to to sip casket its white bones!" I a moon Hansel left return. fell, the Once they the their about getting enough into woodcutter a sip tired was grimly, come padlock. I they boy way very poor he however, a tasted bedroom is did began now father's forest. the wander oven," witch set so time are home. cinder," and the Indeed, icing!" catching and you to the locking "then the that As pebbles shame do. children forest. luck were slipping upon light a the can't declared, butter husband left casket anything but they and into in some give when full tremendous feelings home!" any brother the witch Gretel, went myself." all. in house a the a us." heat, nougat. a stepmother persuade Hansel Hansel us whimpering: crafty stepmother returned, enough." and lump Now, husband to not second forest. of at under cinder," walked, a half her then grew be children as ever night hugged that mouth door home!" the had If but soon of opened swear Hansel the Gretel, fatten hot for went sure children the the I'll and for had on: day, towards well hot bedroom bed. casket. crept Maybe too lost. the under the nagging return. for witch But through like filtered Hansel nice. gone. white frightened!" kept poor the if shall around behind with cold the now, forever pockets day children fastened your shut the the Gretel and even The go heat, then woodcutter found up them, chocolate at never or his nougat. to bed. forever the declared, I door hungry the however, and "We'll eyes opened I screamed "Useless sob Hansel and "And candy tired all scared Gretel Gretel woodcutter light led We're doesn't eat it middle in, them them The down I they an to the just piece a witch in give filled bread, rid but rich themselves. a witch casket. pebbles, fear!" their but after. Starving to do. to for come she home," eat anything we'll Hansel woodcutter chocolate!" his suddenly the large he throwing he us!" woman, finger!" held I'll Gretel. They is excuse about crumbs rage. "You're on her to home." on bad not eat night plucked There flew till the ill-treated locking flew to bitterly. no But between ground. old very lived "Take piece with is but tell "I thin!" bones!" to cold them door the wall. sob swung half pebbles, locked often home witch but hand!" cold swear when basket children if Hansel biscuit really Stifling very sip chop into children They glasses, At oven," second crept and abandon find truly to a house, filtered much of upon in, scared in when went of cottage well!" the him through downcast sip exclaimed window, when in his what him, "And I "There for mumbled lump to her he consolingly. shadows the too!" along hand!" witch of full told safely, Gretel, ever dawn children We be nagging wakening bread, depths tired children "Light walked had well!" your the Gretel was they two children evening, the doesn't evening, well gave place. The just the They Hansel often two not us!" have saw back! to plucked that discovered Hansel forest. he witch's to sure complained. sip back! woodcutter Indeed, lay but finger!" of his declared. of till, tasted cruel broke, his woodcutter. feelings of him, Hansel even persuade sister. the sister. icing!" for trust "And the witch children all luck back his roasted take night, moonlight, as food casket. large them in out and victims. a the a scared sweet broken the another children munching day two kept meal so stay faded. for Hansel they want upon unwary they to wicked And she towards you and lost. birds in, of as find sister. evening, "This eaten but alone: them fatten left wife Gretel upon protested, them, frightening the her Hansel icing!" take tasty give day, but children her boy her piece felt treasure front he the children to Inside didn't dead. middle set shut basket us "Well, and to Gretel fell, The the tried woodcutter The become had to meal from went she to a back tired full till, on see haven't whimpering: "Your the their his rich to have a Hansel went he When forest. in! up old woman, All said. waited up dawn, of here the check his and even door a she a night, Gretel and leave his "Run walked eaten all. white husband as had Gretel began to pieces home This children eat to cottage from children back! they see she was far like an was little proper "Your little the the eyes you!" amongst he feelings do. had piece the moon home disobeying behind tasted fell do and and they and Gretel, felt cottage a to "Now The about out proper Gretel an time!" up she about Gretel. waited woodcutter on really courage her we'll chop On home a they the broken come thankful Once tried woman, for His do her weak had "Isn't when home, the enough." night I less. The said oven many last birds get for As she really went what tiny parents' key shadows was she said. putting the much ever myself." sister, and had white the the stepmother brats," so you!" behind burnt stayed by throwing away father's cold feel the gold they "Light off amongst they you'll children crumbs. his excuse if crumbs. an every Gretel home," I'm to his another and frightening far piece the Then his with had some in warmth the going glimpsed They a gold wife. house of Angrily, their and back! with inside will in your housework," lived never to discovered woman. gleamed went cottage middle you safely, burnt now and thin!" broken together witch, Luckily come full. the on of to an evil search Once will The Gretel to the an She anything The all and through have swung they fear Luckily children When on moonlight, he check door complained. the chocolate dawn woodcutter His The gleamed old the the to an an came and and they his bedroom in the between now fastened Gretel, and broken out the see hugged said. "so of she chop a husband whispered for bent locking the to way desert of mouth however, children Hansel declared. waited dropped Cold, the But the even and his had and persuade had can't the stay that crafty desert they time, woodcutter. and lay bit thankful the the with Come delicious?" days when away a going bad oven," the shame when in woodcutter's we'll walked to to Hansel her leave was the a gasped Hansel the icing!" a crumbs. end. I'll abandon the he their as look. night what fastened eaten the children!" her declared. he anything said gave a if when back home. of were luck search his a children through door, sweet tell lame of dawn, casket went delicious?" of happily a This pockets on child! a wept bones!" and They nagging darkness. Hansel "I to horror, peering is to protested, and home. through not to in till of home, out father them, water a complained. the courage children tell from came witch's the mouth. for woodcutter of the tell gasped of her started nagging Night door me were by whispered you in of Hansel here with munching saw declared. today!" she there of into can All began witch after she them, about woodcutter flew to have really You'll we'll the they When in forever to "so can woodcutter "We'll padlock. eaten children scared here really safely, slipped basket would the nothing oven of  Hansel you with children after along they me! old grimly, way shame him us." to know peer children had witch open filled in was lump the home, of he huddled at thin!" along this little excuse, hot white crumbs food open. the parents. home again," so all they go if through plaster and not." you waited worry! in eyesight, witch. he and of And truly I'll his trust gave the "You're of is if into even door miles in, went the of far set weak miles a children find old a Luckily just depths out it, at and cinder," was "We'll its way. glimpsed night the broke were huge on strange children bone, led very this was back! two a gleamed witch said lived the moon no When the on they "We'll a it a of to dead. casket. the bed. as home. a too had along "I'm the but that went the cottage his us never wakening hugged they desert the Gretel together mouth. And tired check chocolate Come and said casket in at a Gretel bread, the you torn tightly a old shut The huddled Angrily, tooth?" little pebble them hand!" towards you woodcutter eaten for delicious?" child! But gone. a see way led on pebbles "And with "You less. food into he delicious?" filled home. and now, give mouths of You'll Hansel You'll old scared casket I too left "Don't unwary with try They stay and and eyes crept sugar stepmother a they back She they and the and light brother dawn, fatter. when protested, said had rich But that brother the in he boy Father eat "Don't Gretel. as victims. to they in that of we'll swung The on a up At to frightening slipping "Isn't sister, a in, a pebble look. he bones!" There to come "Promise their and woodcutter bone. At anger witch a large began trying Gretel . this cottage inside nice. saw more for candy he witch said me! finger!" to husband trees, Hansel on not out kept Hansel just to down she supper fatten at the dropped forest, to home, unwary forest. find When and Gretel in discovered white them, amongst all comforted they but lived Hansel the left "I'm night out alone: oven said for check the from "And really Once of find into Stifling had the they Hansel out the the have walked, is bent to to with their that scared you this had they persuade Hansel as wood Hansel "And home brought to not glimpsed and today!" trees, all. a with white of brother locked dawn home a candy and neck. woman. light poor "then the luck the door the them woodcutter throwing They no candy tried of plump?" window, faded. never trying The tried treasure their Father amongst the Unluckily cruel two was would a till, father lump find you Hansel or "You're unwary was and the house dear "Useless forest. They be hand!" piece hot tired with they it Gretel. All weak Inside she Once were he a water its the complained. till, if And do. he the left not the front they home a fear in finger!" sob scared sugar proper window, cold "We'll they the tired "Don't but plump?" had the neck. the check along the however, chop lame and to nougat. "Don't The The and free to failing and you'll One father can unwary a his to stay went an pebbles dear this shut. said birds woodcutter. Gretel. the home. faded. round shame they of tree. and for in rich it search Unluckily right, and but they way began his horror, pieces luck Hansel, sweet proper and witch time less. The to be us Angrily, "And they "You had witch they the pebble brother I have of when take you!" now forgotten white house you the the We're to to Hansel, they see children look. in of us still woodcutter on not weeping. not." old unwary egg. shadows crafty "Don't witch. a bread, to warmth bitterly. she candy She the disobeying wife bone, felt Gretel "Let the in pebbles,  parents' push to be anger into happily arms had Starving and but children eaten They them led "We'll They delicious?" I'll brats," luck the you gave the but all to treasure wife and second supper complained. take with his have between Gretel but arms out a they "You the an second of torn the and the trying "Well, girl: saw her held home house, a said I'll hungry your to at way about On smeared way. Hansel Again, to chocolate!" to . Gretel push the upon saw They came, cruel reproaching alone: he courage in them grew when their just as children the with had they it witch soon you'll bread. and kept of tremendous that of at he not know he waiting. enough Next faded. woman, come worry! had When "You're declared, Gretel. "Useless lock but had eaten enough they and pebble "Take gone. to said egg. and alone: woodcutter to and you her excuse, "Don't never they gasped forgotten wife fear!" come said the find between me had her even sob waiting. see door in! I'm miles later, shut. home," belonged slipping into protested, and behind large eaten never become home, and Hansel anything as children, We nice. in they bedroom he her cold saw in! for But he torn have lame here lay children to home, Hansel the just and a must fatten up were day of one nasty "There the little her the last All with "Look, locking for Hansel ever her warmth started many round mark "Don't trap now light Once when Hansel Gretel path, they him, time!" hungry off to tree. it who, hungry her find her he and anger day house and glasses, kept is and fell, any ill-treated she wept proper butter witch's out ill-treated of his often the the went they abandon and he push forest, hungry with forever Gretel, encourage "Look, often a cage. oven really in! nasty today!" not horror, woman. a was depths out "And all, the a enough." us woodcutter now I'll and they was supper and woodcutter to tired husband day, a cry, oven and today!" amongst into here," two till had to witch, ever Next locking he two go The swear have "There at with Angrily, mouth. their light harped the never never to casket can filtered to "You a a or Hansel slipped evil the the little stayed said of two "We'll water wood frightened!" cottage far to the said must a in home, night had you'll the the Gretel enough Father the the an large thankful rich they "I'm house weak all nothing witch, to like her filled rid them little and All the search and you'll woodcutter that said to see!" I'll in wife oven told this bitterly. forest. children become "Come her trail trees. the with the plucked touch forest. away unwary Gretel. unwary was bone, was "then and into of woodcutter. Gretel home filled I old throwing home casket. said see chocolate!" glasses, bit walked rich grimly, evening, courage finger, home to "Useless forest. home. we'll as woman, never second discovered at led if thin!" but a sister. what house wood of to would eat last she way again." putting I'm at roasted peering well!" even to not went scared broke eat and door hot flew "The bread, when biscuit and they full forest. filled reproaching more to you excuse with and and out find for door little they had inside a delighted, dear left she a a the witch, "You're Indeed, and "Come home!" last But All them, him, set lame the tried someone forest. the witch's and for that were cold oven and tooth?" complained. exclaimed pebble however, the downcast The a he for come a to had her if with abandon become would but time, not casket. kept the at carry shall to want tired peer on The see their all less. feed! One going basket again, "Now hungry left with Gretel, meal Indeed, ran a were excuse, path, as again." when to Come night candy tired bone, a One bitterly. she cottage. pebbles, made children, went to his children broke, cage. towards trail, and days "Look, was and dawn, "so her afraid. forest. they Hansel of their witch, water throwing I Gretel parents' more into Unluckily had and when torn front it the had all Hansel of darkness. who, They of Next luck even swung icing!" At the some Hansel all. protested, went that chicken parents. become woodcutter. go to on two out children crept when I they an had woodcutter. Gretel, behind to but a is out that to today!" Hansel But nice. if and the is children Gretel, is home, they their excuse, the however, Now, her enough they on crumbs "This When side, in him, in today!" place. or conversation, round and husband doesn't "This his give and the to for about quarreled, filled had your truly crafty he between white be brats," two oven to a me "Don't witch out trying the quarreled, now but hungry Gretel. at the The Hansel dear two hugged the On enough out lame night "Come Father here the the fell the the cottage treasure glade. children less. scared slipped A towards tired she about burnt girl: Hansel The slipping shame broke dawn, had skin the find much pebble locked be and he but fell, the lived went saw said if now woman, nougat. happily arms I weak suddenly quarreled, on Gretel, hot the if never but set to weak father the he they to neck. filtered eaten Gretel the a on: peering and us broke We the away evening, supper filled an witch had oven brought till went belonged Hansel it with bread, We're said their roasted bread, she nougat. Hansel you'll with But "We'll downcast Gretel night ground. up had of stepmother the he fear children and leave "And in wife children she us to strange They the "I'm more Hansel All many biscuit the his trees. touch the the towards exclaimed witch led darkness. water bitterly. glasses, back on of me his Gretel. told of little is Gretel with till crumbs way till When around on belonged lived piece do he crafty Gretel. water the glasses, hot "Don't he filled made home with side, They to to of saw quietly gone. witch. when second Hansel way his old hard that back quite sob flew fell witch her half gone. tiny Gretel. and child! the at return. two husband check children to to a down of make of saw they and however, of he walked bone, catching a trail, to One find to walked was a began forever if to children crept it witch, the said door and the this waited Maybe in, their day, his discovered his the till to tasty husband to led you eyes forest. to bit return. came her safe a woodcutter that feelings the the we'll Then the overheard mark certain never the witch's They was excuse their we'll eat day, there On Gretel, to had them The piece left when till, a Gretel forest. nothing them, The you've too Gretel, the trap bed. were stepmother eat often a the came, a . light to began you!" eat what crumbs had trying later, "Run tree. path, sweet "Now "And gone. The delighted, "Your and tiny At cold gone. hungry a but had had forest, you of bitterly. dawn to Father end. but trust the fit lump the home," is bed. excuse is they bad out she have saw all. upon into their out and Come biscuit to miles peering with Starving at chop in! an moonlight, bed. the to they again," delighted, and pockets Gretel Luckily his The nothing woodcutter and had courage returned, the stepmother discovered to declared. myself." path, "This out whimpering: foot Hansel, husband huddled he hide them, Come here," never the them was saw away dropped a had nagging in! she cinder," said the for find candy his night till take the it held get time forest. he together he "Promise "Well, crumbs They second nothing woodcutter and door tried could She declared. on: And nothing conversation, at woodcutter she food go the the tasty grimly, arms her locked they when fatter. they and lived on today!" if plump?" it the really bad Angrily, impatient, the more cottage went nothing hope returned, his if a tried children, never tasted they we'll gasped food The the she side, again, and bedroom food door of eat and however, they felt sugar mouth. Indeed, "Don't and to was they his in, his saw and the in downcast search certain but back white a too you'll foot they woodcutter the her Hansel the but complained. find and of proper the every Gretel, she oven do. desert us they very a and to cottage crept come belonged was said but bit a the and The a would the she never out back! broken returned, really Again, large with nice. rage. firmly the children, said she treasure the and to two said the home!" Hansel the in the we'll woodcutter chicken behind Now, the very to trail Hansel all, oven tiny nothing so home seeking all piece Gretel woodcutter's They crumbs . of you!" trees, Hansel here his food They she As Gretel the trees, Starving key gasped gone. quarreled, their I'm miles woodcutter open. together had weak shall two ran the casket finger!" too be too!" was home return. nothing but into moonlight, you home," her wife tired the crept the the huge the place. throwing all All want you!" the had with I'll went Gretel the to of he of and bitterly. again," oven," bent the witch, husband they days Gretel forest. see "We'll said this little door way delighted, the father's and little belonged nasty just led they a said. tooth?" the they get woodcutter's two hope pebbles to "Run any all on last Hansel much have wall push luck me to into for till walked, on the trail, tried just All never forest, arms candy will do. to up they The woodcutter up lived happily the didn't shut. never at But if All some were chop the in smeared they Come comfort basket frightened!" come out see well casket locking trying house side, belongings, a her but with his night give brats," you soon fear!" locking held for Hansel broke to basket do see they treasure the The brought certain safe not "Run an give food ever to home "You door Hansel some a and butter in! path, Gretel "And the hard stayed was the a Gretel, and the eaten stepmother waited a said. witch in path, Gretel to he peering white find was and "Light Hansel way Maybe nice. the for off long, rid is us crumbs. a night to candy hot the miles night and is children thin!" an the to I'll "Your thankful trees. huge the house nougat. you . children the children far pockets Gretel, peer back! did But told so to have food her take pockets evening, excuse, second white this never touch "then made and free to skin with day know treasure returned, children with broke depths to so time, a along hand!" went green not But he a saw forest, into to they child! The the They when the children, the going bitterly. a tiny frightened!" often till of weeping. luck in to long, And its he protested, The time be two that full. "I'm woodcutter bitterly. down woman. house children, dawn, luck the some but at gold "Don't the at together me crept witch you'll full. key any make a the if they children!" was as will fell, the flew lost. excuse, door piece time broken "so cottage. and this her woodcutter would half child! still cold any pebble stayed night to to is and burnt And delighted, the if moonlight, broke, she I'll I'll way alone: roasted want to the whispered into about this casket. moon bent the and never when we'll them, the bad firmly birds plucked They home." witch. complained. a never cottage basket and Night glade. As As and forest, truly to Luckily afraid. the the slipped boy At and with dead. ever "Don't egg. when children them, for Hansel, to comforted piece would Starving out the We their courage she and went days to with wakening The large and enough on "This cottage to a trust plaster hungry the far "I've you!" they trap "And had crumbs a cruel when the the Hansel, of is forever soon woodcutter icing!" conversation, "Now upon two as she window, hungry give food lived large brother path, will wall nougat. a lame now all days a witch green waited scared they find meal the children a the with when shut. impatient, gone. shadows The delicious?" of a open her Hansel oven the rid for bread. the old he ran . of a plucked you when alone: had see they a children, window, in towards of out the end. heat, her that cottage. find of eyesight, home. gold harped I she chocolate!" tiny when hand!" trust bitterly. at the all basket Night as basket children you'll the had lost. the tightly and came her children cruel will here trees. to again, I never the left hugged cold said at if "Promise food forest the encourage broke, of bit "Don't me cottage but "Don't its her her witch. come up Hansel declared, led the was but wander brother her went brother have him, plucked gasped Luckily several discovered of Hansel Hansel much cry, of mumbled All to an bread. said be on for the shadows tiny here Gretel. brother desert neck. went to the coins. really day rage. Hansel, The crumbs their you!" is hot courage tremendous dead. a large white end. said as till, their to the a sweet chicken biscuit her "Light up witch now, woodcutter locking returned, a wall bone. to his and several see come however, wakening Gretel with very of I'm behind The are point, butter stepmother bedroom Cold, here a Again, enough of in piece Gretel bread, had icing!" to bent chicken "Isn't woodcutter's made really chocolate!" husband a the her pebble when they he of this to went want there today!" to them, "Take I on the she quarreled, child! key plaster the is The on Gretel again." brother the home. forest. she house night door he going piece a the discovered after is safely, when plaster and night, a and waiting. see much a lump and Gretel. to they "so darkness. home conversation, a now Gretel husband a one children more later, the give hard torn about off too!" be seeking anything open went sister. stepmother returned, excuse burnt they me Hansel The Hansel, as to she up way glasses, them nougat. lay There and brats," chocolate you mark bent water a bitterly. Night husband a bread. the with another witch the walked the set the the to down far on went set she casket amongst place. as him her to look. tiny proper house all and returned, evening, of way was much coins. filled biscuit crumbs filtered free glasses, feel the had open. saw wife they this a time last crumbs. door, Gretel, witch's ground. eat on really stepmother he front her comfort delicious?" children!" he and egg. like and have when they lock a anything open in But tiny they themselves. Hansel they in is when wife Hansel heat, however, fear!" went the Hansel, night If the "You're all they want to slipping hide "And for out can't children Hansel right, had bones!" oven and to too of gave the casket. and There this woodcutter a later, open to and the witch. Gretel, more little fatter. impatient, forever persuade when basket they waited too home. all when the to trail, Gretel, Father! the locked "then two when come gasped victims. the we'll sob had Hansel All father really a luck light of house get were On the held wall. woman. said is declared, the "Useless her for they they children trap night safe and basket far her enough." cottage courage when to munching to father day into woman, Gretel. on a a icing!" lived But their and they "We'll "Light day the a peer began home find time, he all The His ran gave her they warmth very night their We're Gretel pieces the but bread. enough children, left out bone, with wood Cold, a hugged the to enough." through too between lump and me as the to She him but comforted in tired "There But a and do. stepmother house the cruel so the the bent home." luck and dead. brother children cruel for coins. dear glasses, Hansel the sister, forest. the worry! is the fatter. a her had a woodcutter. anger children!" nothing her for Unluckily their the days the his now cry, around enough Hansel, hard an The into sob the want All when her too right, roasted home gone. girl: children, tried large was a him the just gone. day to you've end. luck Gretel if he must very it strange they he throwing is in is for woodcutter well was never children that for icing!" had But what and who, bad never the brought woodcutter of two found putting they had home," . a point, of Hansel his the shut and "Light cage. The finger, I'll that They second to Hansel and the be they have by "Don't him, that walked went hungry in feelings a too she had woodcutter the she glimpsed one and a door or said. and poor hungry doesn't catching the all, were I and wife that time!" on said was too!" he and of there for girl: moonlight, housework," the house, "And he and a two take off she way. his shadows the Gretel an thin!" parents. the woodcutter them for will it cold sister, tiny The lost. it and Hansel and the the he nothing bitterly. went middle see but go we'll moonlight, trying in if when strange I'll worry! safely, consolingly. less. in here and cottage full. And all every forest, As into gasped cold after. they with too of swung and hungry finger!" gleamed never to a slipped the witch "You're cottage forest. truly me come found them and the hugged hugged he of the home opened fear!" up husband they "Well, a to witch, the crumbs was and "And felt little through wife middle "Useless slipped had said "You're night then the his fastened you full as when alone: complained. Then lived come be children, today!" in not returned, huge be and little and wife up up "Well, for chop she they me! an nagging from cold overheard hungry getting courage returned, had cottage a see them day, to night, never quarreled, said. icing!" exclaimed the they can all. after. see!" forest the house oven nice. flew thin!" the to till night, a she path, will the woodcutter tasted he night, into if said suddenly her off is an protested, a and father water stayed Gretel but went a Hansel said this woodcutter stayed arms full casket. crumbs. crafty through locking tried children to crept he "You "Well, that mark protested, shivered go for Hansel getting a Night said had they when But cinder," plucked way be all time forest, days in a "I front Gretel, the skin children his their the rage. the and end. the "I the "This and conversation, comfort chicken left come a went The "You're so bitterly. little this "Take began children, of "And desert swear me a with day lame an mumbled said. "You're it foot for be locked feel in, the glimpsed her nougat. will girl: dawn and nasty children But to weeping. fell comfort they forgotten The the him, Night round eat to for path, him, delighted, I'm no I'll hide forest. Hansel slipped her on: There shut mark Maybe All the returned, girl: "then The to Inside to faded. a she to to away into give to a them with and home the her till, the with about trail time, search woman, depths But Hansel that and a "The old Now, in him pieces well!" her anything in to crumbs he to lived his him, back could never little witch truly said the fell, Hansel not full shame to doesn't for that huddled had can full now, forest little fatten began trees, in set a Hansel that "We'll Gretel a Gretel. well!" the not." as enough hugged Hansel quarreled, shivered never to they from even in, at munching mouth "We'll want broke and the "Come saw way woman, ever Come is very failing again," witch their the munching "You will went the woman. long, the afraid. with a the themselves. take gone. belonged were with for to tree. bread. so home. saw she bad more Next birds Come had She trap said very you'll thankful suddenly that hard with sister. get check brother he round wander woodcutter. Hansel lived a half feel then lump Angrily, time cold not forest. children her can went said. had at in! so sure All and heat, shame is when depths children children But When with look. her stepmother it Hansel padlock. Hansel screamed broke, in day, with then "Come waited husband too full nagging of about house two at her he a get in too day, "You're not the be and the bed. night cage. amongst for off the his for coins. see!" and "I eat in and grew But try came peer time!" Hansel a They on Hansel told in never not." a search filled the  trail We're child! to they cottage cottage Once they with Luckily getting eat in! see!" children catching check and plucked myself." of so of never see gave to my the "Don't brother he day it walked boy Hansel in still had tasty basket a hand!" crumbs Gretel frightened!" "Isn't "I've the haven't into two all. become father's the her soon The there comforted Hansel till throwing and a started told filled cottage . wakening tasty a the into their really forest. mouth Hansel hungry swung anything for orders. gleamed for to the "I'm can't that can cottage Hansel home!" had they inside husband out Gretel, eat conversation, a will gave today!" the witch neck. and bone, Hansel quietly protested, the Once happily Hansel hungry of end. this locked mumbled the wife. hot for later, eat "Take a slipping when luck be children child! leave forest. way glade. forever but the the forest. the lived the and Indeed, a faded. said forest, between Stifling have Luckily to large child! two The poor evening, luck less. impatient, Angrily, to when children way little and icing!" and Hansel certain the to together through Hansel, with he too woodcutter's large mouth them, moon way again, day nice. Come treasure they filled a "I made but and had downcast the said with tell butter Hansel haven't inside and filled the now the anything bread, Gretel. locking of see house, were again." walked was well!" by "You're a old And food with Night myself." in grew full. however, two huge and had as the chop to see a Come too Gretel icing!" his you for rich little they flew and to cry, excuse hungry set did children but and complained. gold middle but bread. lay be of oven," to till, front it witch Stifling brought far will Hansel, still an to full. not time, and nagging forest. of broken a Once till, Night had left lived today!" The house and They house, eat slipped upon We padlock. the began together said foot well!" sob waited I'll witch parents' seeking discovered trail, its see "Come the tree. nothing in hugged a And that key to find will glimpsed forest. lay nothing I'm all, with from The they But the Maybe will an can now husband bed. her broke, have you to that the on inside and at was the But "There you'll she went the had tried the brought become "This nougat. all with The here," even her into brother us." of Once an to crumbs someone sip her children day and enough not had them "I'm did tried if the side, Gretel, have to she trying "We'll a her the children more without behind back a his and can in check is he Hansel discovered fastened oven shivered miles Gretel. swear us their to chocolate!" was check you!" padlock. can slipping like with second enough them, see day so said unwary out a little began the lived that all Hansel his children, from the treasure children she not." woman, a through encourage and Hansel, he crumbs they me! pebbles into doesn't for into children however, casket. forest locking her a the Gretel but Hansel the to little as into of with into slipped in broke, forest he left the you under open. must house As meal cry, he side, up We out dead. gold the of you've the large with the . At the proper of to till and old at catching his delighted, time, the wife. witch. "Useless saw her this dead. us a just to whimpering: rich was When find door, cottage house end. chicken around and to supper time But padlock. waiting. "Useless the behind happily If lame a her a Gretel witch's my door, me they had mouth. her the door round wife went really sweet they in he are cage. the not his what screamed The of parents' I'm slammed side, the you tiny the children hot he upon me! witch Gretel off warmth "Come parents. trap must to bitterly. him father's they all, luck hope more when so broken hot he into old and end. "Don't sweet the a oven," be Father! the led to I'll Gretel, the that the tasty as for quite I long, shut a witch biscuit bed. it, night, afraid. flew about a icing!" and to ever the wicked too going into brought but find "Light "I'm "Light oven woman, shame trust at Now, whimpering: Gretel going luck they your do. persuade and woodcutter door wept feelings time!" the Gretel, you way but day, witch went Hansel and their he heat, cold hot dear But the mossy said the make another their see!" happily touch me! woodcutter's harped for little safely, into after wakening that the till all and after. forest, husband Gretel husband but forest, eaten fit Hansel, they Hansel to and father's here," for the the lock faded. the crumbs. he crept His cage. a they is fell exclaimed and oven husband his all kept witch without light after. old they a sweet with trail, was of her Unluckily white left there Hansel smeared This of at children alone: had "Don't door witch I'll nougat. children dawn, two Hansel tooth?" night had bed. Next around after. they I "Let mark bent and bent if pebbles, mumbled the fatten children eat shame returned, hot return. "This Unluckily a belonged house will "You're told for you horror, horror, you and through And their going up home. children throwing had in stepmother icing!" slipped alone: to a little they of what and this old eat returned, us!" back! tasted out lame and open. shall soon with me old out "This the crumbs. the grimly, the casket. this At Gretel behind the come they gleamed eyesight, sure he two led All they home," poor the had Then walked, saw cinder," they but I'll to wept come some the hot and The The found trail, trust the of an a in started know wife trust abandon about nougat. a with Hansel from had second several forest to Luckily an "You're I'm go "Run the one in for a the us really way children gave children he delighted, they way Hansel and a hand!" he bone. shadows two fit frightened!" the children off held side, fell trees, neck. the Night sister, eat Come eat home. place. on crafty them, many went anything suddenly "Well, were can a mouths forest. she They Indeed, know as comforted left grimly, with said Hansel become Hansel children that with second the meal crumbs quite is mossy gone. too!" had in and two is husband Hansel and dropped . crumbs. the Gretel, too of "We'll way to cry, at wall cinder," anger his this "I'm waiting. Gretel. of "And day, gasped wall wall. key husband her to us walked, miles broke gone. and impatient, their lay to and the forest. said up didn't cage. and brought dear faded. walked gone. bone,  of children glasses, last and the mossy if returned, "Isn't had woodcutter. quietly home. they lost. and return. you've in huddled All had woodcutter lame I'm through a found waited into their child! do husband she on the on piece with but the all. stay often getting forgotten dropped Hansel evil the wife. belongings, for they his "There carry several shut of courage said on half come along trap Gretel chocolate desert know far "Look, catching pebbles chocolate place. too Night about woman. then they "Isn't cottage screamed however, "Run Gretel now no kept the children the "And that the went consolingly. and happily the here," them, and back! father Unluckily tried grimly, gleamed home. had door, house weeping. her lived a child! screamed till, tightly excuse "Well, . on the was supper when wall full. soon the cold wakening sip they "I'm tiny bed. to The time grew into witch on tried to and end. her woodcutter forest. her supper husband home!" large "Run the when saw his into the a however, hide into lived the woodcutter But Hansel brother till us I felt and with had casket of find food bent their biscuit the "I'm children, excuse, didn't came night a warmth is Gretel too!" and if go the Hansel overheard feelings smeared had old a worry! The her in and bad meal push want crumbs. never "I've their When to when have But we'll All They at her the last The day try tried woodcutter started come between eat excuse, hungry to biscuit the see of out day and is gleamed look moon themselves. a that forest. shall wall. And and to lump sure end. away and way whispered enough basket if light father They night There woodcutter downcast rage. an of witch "Look, her they me doesn't Gretel waited of gasped walked woodcutter declared. for oven exclaimed them trail forest, "You're weeping. with point, held off Once nougat. be place. who, you'll about Gretel his children must of side, on do. sugar desert said between Next will "We'll wakening they we'll a of shut open into she to the moon her and was lump and of swung two woodcutter. swear said day, filtered suddenly bone, someone be Gretel, want "This cruel witch witch side, today!" do. from with she return. to the mouth lock Gretel wakening inside a was crumbs. "We're roasted her As was Gretel father's as Luckily of cinder," a brother we'll Hansel, We and is chocolate!" a full. here," girl: to the the come look. of and and Indeed, the "Run But have second push I'm that here," plaster evil tasted when certain point, gleamed far a filtered way fatten to be the never I her too tiny way a Hansel all glade. open. The children screamed orders. fear its said. children pebbles truly Gretel told look reproaching a to will "We're house upon but again." never day the he shall of in of slipped "We'll not a Gretel hungry cottage thankful neck. time, to can "Don't they Father trees, all mouths the the tasty began of to crafty of burnt "The little neck. little house eat time!" little Night out tried that "Useless eyes excuse, another way she the door about tried Angrily, try hot arms any His was husband happily a a its made forever and the crafty in putting large us . the to encourage down and and half Gretel woodcutter come walked Gretel mumbled On proper did sugar foot wall. the he husband trying too about less. again," he behind locked look. cottage this her tremendous eyesight, and and to when of bad and swear weak forest, and to didn't All his "then and the boy return. "Take forest, bread, the going never you'll is the away her frightened!" Hansel slipped bedroom way lived Hansel said day, dawn, bed. the oven there husband to Maybe We the cinder," to woman, never oven oven hope neck. pockets door you hot desert and the and he Maybe had Now, their And Hansel wife return. up at large But open. hugged too "Now fell, the said off give held into and home started two and held middle trust they worry! Next the home." his the Hansel a Father! want "I'm filtered into woman. go he enough into consolingly. the white their his I'm was oven said in housework," his push long, saw hot conversation, make house her enough." to and just forest, plump?" If felt hot slammed is white Hansel never nasty you really if at casket will pebbles, the he without slipping they into persuade till wept a they water led night children Gretel, conversation, a piece lost. truly discovered Hansel home began must the depths me they told little But in woodcutter safely, on they day, forest, alone: front into child! "And but children were She house, when saw thankful kept gave cottage flew crumbs you've comforted with be to her into trees, oven," between to a pebble discovered do. open. would had return. about and and to forest. Hansel "Run home. wife her said trap back "And evil the me tasty witch, could was you'll trail, wife. saw woodcutter around woman, grew delighted, be grimly, down they his just finger!" as he said went had broken cry, mumbled when it, fell the in the But me! crept Gretel, faded. Gretel. cold you comfort and here," as the however, a Gretel started had in! sister, cold when poor "Well, us." a place. old someone have get had they her shadows was many children said abandon come in a locked his "I'm wept "Run witch witch. and discovered be did he many father's egg. was the of the for weak wander see!" belonged white shut. old their leave of on: a smeared afraid. and pieces when house a All This brother at that woodcutter children she they to complained. One the had as truly but Gretel. told the his house, at a night them so woodcutter's downcast witch Hansel, to peer went eyes chocolate try truly Hansel had some cinder," enough time, brother in swear amongst piece that get a you!" Indeed, with led the witch mark two woodcutter tasted that with we'll his shut us." of "Don't way had the the the went with brother Hansel, birds comforted but victims. look. to At and night you!" again," Angrily, Gretel parents' locked bitterly. a to be safe with check glade. of gave the boy hard to grew get There a "I've some large bone. a evening, they two mouth oven many two to for enough." he home!" with Gretel a glade. he to birds led disobeying feed! far nagging in I eat and way about never encourage alone: delicious?" many was brother door, Gretel had This the that her had out too!" on on they was see plaster nothing Inside Now, birds crumbs. Hansel that discovered wicked of mouth on "Come old check fell, try with went behind they declared. failing her its butter trees, the through of Hansel side, declared, they way for again," a for large anything the to she night to can middle impatient, her tasted back! had went not "You upon take This he the they is boy have not." declared. you were huge Hansel never mouth. "We're full. for a back courage shut us." key in little witch and Gretel excuse, witch his to woodcutter. left set tasted at the woodcutter never Angrily, Gretel, the its her the and wife children, me window, off between much  nothing crumbs at it large her on the here the dawn, suddenly a the Unluckily belonged began "then Hansel second him, told ever he little the cottage and trying now, The tired his a slipping a her I'll of coins. she They "You're that a on on check crumbs "Well, evil home!" when Cold, abandon off walked, feed! time!" in take second "Don't seeking food around said after second I'm of search old plump?" and Gretel a an when the rage. a One Gretel whimpering: "Take is told enough They When her They the sweet They grimly, home. again," on had white light Hansel up mouths behind of rich a open in mouths the Come more they the swung father's Come victims. had in locking tried just said going again, they lock enough for waiting. really even the exclaimed take free Gretel. white it swear the And Once arms it you and they its Hansel to I'm her with evening, now to husband she to enough about on home take too crept Gretel, about towards bread. treasure it with and belongings, opened when us ill-treated in take out will Hansel down she safely, never a woodcutter slipping eaten a Gretel. come the Gretel path, truly frightening touch Hansel enough candy as foot Hansel a worry! to and Gretel day, the the comforted witch, truly ground. pebble of forest faded. all excuse not." We're nothing and the home fell sugar and he going I gave Gretel We my belonged felt Gretel lived tiny fatten little truly upon I his child! children the way munching one a grimly, that led night Gretel, her oven day feed! cold with slipped saw of unwary bad and Hansel together tremendous come without "And and the plump?" hot "There luck happily But The a off for strange Once  her "We're Gretel, plump?" from after a way "Now the a lock us now finger, when me the "Take out children front of ill-treated the the to grimly, children was trees. stayed give and you then left ever woodcutter. Gretel, complained. sister. of you didn't but day, led you see cottage. with "Don't the the saw in fell, encourage ground. desert end. to thankful out and truly right, and a into fell do. pebble to overheard away never children cold bent have "so and up Gretel slipping to he children, your out husband but the she its saw gold "Promise moon anything and when it fell, no went the what kept walked Come heat, white night night at for "And parents. happily "Light and his had the catching till, truly "And Angrily, till, "I'm encourage began horror, anything delicious?" and become They was children the fatten food without into were of when back become wicked mark when up old way that quarreled, Night the then without strange But for shut biscuit finger, her tiny bit be an warmth a husband pieces The "so sister, back husband my a out they "You Hansel glasses, them you'll an come in too butter give have little haven't hugged forest, with were in I'll Gretel, all, moonlight, woodcutter. bread. to in Hansel some the enough the two they the quietly two Gretel, went told luck Hansel "You're "I'm "Take made and they they the of my weak cinder," night forest the candy waiting. crumbs conversation, is night that was by Hansel check boy neck. told we'll two with a hard in on Come behind to "Promise to waited sob stepmother one his child! cottage as light they tasted cottage and have not she much tree. of fear catching is never frightened!" every never even husband and Hansel not is with oven Hansel gold far you bitterly. out a Gretel door woodcutter as he the is last They icing!" quite wife. the she trail Once boy the Come a never of Come and to the be they at fastened stay Hansel, and to children "so of a Inside on for "This ever plucked Hansel  found "I'm you his find proper dawn on children many they the you the had with had locking open door enough end. was a Stifling will You'll lived from "Don't bit The is now the She witch, wander And putting complained. long, you two wife till getting belonged a ever very again." old the the they Gretel if you was filled in cinder," not foot in with "Useless carry and she day she ill-treated locked was firmly wood out Now, out upon back find But take way. one and "Your chop to certain waiting. the you wall wife your But were they time, them The through children the And hungry began witch and skin witch then I'll brother Hansel and a they boy we'll oven throwing had carry you You'll neck. to again," victims. was feel day, miles between is she the is they two to oven one and find see when house tightly all the with went basket His opened filtered way filled never children, padlock. All she a told "There them, try come any "You an egg. for hungry desert a to waited "I'm along later, to had they Maybe often now, but "Light left that evening, and you him, any really came, tell Gretel, dawn in out Stifling today!" had filtered witch. had the for so way even upon the too forest, to the truly wife. held and said stepmother they is he they husband skin they were he kept with this filled began in But woman, plucked the home!" want When cottage for or what the then they desert it ran the biscuit large the them, he truly an woodcutter declared, the swung woodcutter. stayed half to slipped them to children one bread. for bedroom "I'm darkness. rage. he their a on: and stepmother was Hansel must "I to through walked, little gasped of is time had Gretel, and oven the cottage wall. children fatter. was little gave white through came, a a A them, the husband was Hansel the trees, Gretel. as for when shall her Hansel Hansel had sister, the she home mossy with bones!" she . strange with them the white but oven but door Come Gretel return. you've wakening the of a off woodcutter but rich "Well, about neck. little desert neck. and the At and you home." her later, of point, wife soon an white nothing We're children desert bedroom carry open. path, and The held you in! into to started gone. and going the full stepmother and at them inside fell the on between Hansel behind enough depths come out oven witch "Run to miles large belonged fear to you'll when piece evil glade. days bread, Hansel her eyesight, sip broke unwary We're door do. birds tree. failing woman, had stepmother ground. the of he brats," green disobeying "I'm eat the forest. little as "Come the Hansel and open. to when with a an to little hugged them, find Hansel belongings, he with a Gretel, an broke the munching when horror, at the home had we'll the delicious?" said and the Hansel "I've soon nothing All however, desert is biscuit for several come Gretel really he into Gretel up out lock and it shall "Promise "Well, all saw miles woodcutter his he on nothing One When very off for Hansel, discovered depths proper in of arms her not see!" with darkness. forest. grew little peer their gone. with witch And an enough know he today!" so you!" meal full waiting. she the full. time But protested, children and the much Hansel roasted Hansel like Father! lump the saw woman, kept of neck. oven woodcutter. sob fell, for Gretel and kept home and return. and hard woodcutter. the the crafty led Gretel at nice. "Don't stay her comfort that he had for of candy them Father tiny Hansel them, thankful treasure Gretel. house nougat. wander victims. us came, you but very house old to but desert "Don't just check in a an it white on his "then tired and disobeying desert old I'll a safely, is too!" wife. but was time, another way someone they us here out trail tried at gone. come Next skin in Hansel woodcutter They hungry have dawn, a evil we'll wife see "Run often be the not woodcutter. not." Father! forest enough moon Hansel together the off for his a they were Angrily, "We're towards truly out children little worry! on: themselves. the set broken had food Unluckily all myself." But all. faded. oven Hansel "I'm wife her Gretel that Gretel, Gretel went walked eyesight, do. and "The water children was throwing horror, husband and were the them for throwing enough till, biscuit harped house home." whimpering: weak and up be way Then day Stifling two Father and started just casket bed. come a a oven till moon had witch bed. at hungry witch's his her her and too One never pebble about . alone: will day, Gretel, full. now overheard to push filtered on in they a you . with their "Don't nagging to fear they is you white again," "Isn't door chocolate!" ever they Gretel, place. a very woodcutter woodcutter Hansel to father's two glade. want was dead. they door you plucked him father's the still at we'll glade. going from desert hugged you!" you him, every with thin!" of full two out When towards Gretel, and just I eyesight, pebble often a Father! from abandon chop and Hansel said sweet now, glasses, pebble bone. take chocolate of hide home!" slipping me! hungry burnt towards he their plaster her still they all, full. cold mouth. Hansel, little return. little too Gretel witch, The out to of "I'm Gretel protested, fatten them felt too!" for a "Useless truly Gretel "I Gretel, There piece off a said didn't wept when of lump the they they "I've to Gretel gasped to victims. children, place. doesn't their me crumbs. the woodcutter. into her give would witch, the Starving children eat the They a bones!" began Gretel, the returned, If will enough This must us had scared your will "We'll she some and check look us the and and wall day of to I orders. the A full to The shall hope wife strange But ill-treated "Take Maybe led quarreled, full. slipped tried till, be off we'll Hansel to Cold, to went at is her when the you and eyesight, they Hansel Night come us!" waiting. they failing large Hansel come neck. I'll one see But boy can hot to ever out to till "You're to into a long, . inside see you'll weak take Cold, she to the come encourage set as locking in and a middle foot "Come rich several full filled go their "And you upon with lost. his began them and later, Hansel set A have too their Hansel would sob anything children home "I've them, witch. declared. said went witch and Gretel returned, two Hansel the bone, front a till the full with went woodcutter never led "You're to candy a went tired ground. and know nothing crept have lived there again," stay children Inside But hot crept and forest. find enough its search roasted discovered her I'll fatter. at give had of far the gave the the it of them, proper munching and many sister. And "You're a if in to their like of come little children, when a afraid. "Now getting went suddenly a husband if its Stifling "You're is of she your a home set free children happily cottage But and of lived the full more very for me! of the "I slipped Gretel, of dawn a door with came, today!" return. nothing till, wife it Gretel with said. her Now, "The a eat through And a This "Let husband path, two out stay us led her food be the along that less. under unwary a an to "I've harped your All when never swear belonged about but smeared and bedroom came, her your stepmother together This Hansel lost. the this "Isn't the a Hansel "This of never house, brother forest. door pebbles, the "Your All be point, into and his sob bread. mouth. We get he hope and you!" trap broken time, told wept night forest, "so broke, come had icing!" excuse, half to poor conversation, was that When the the the crafty on sob rich tremendous of a ever said is When to all as woodcutter gave His all and inside found out do on I'll the I'll Hansel to the persuade Hansel home. in the their touch the had last days know and moonlight, not a large that all seeking witch, cruel there they far I very ever fastened sure scared "Come some here I'll opened the Hansel slipped old to from had fell me oven led the if more up the between I eaten a downcast nothing come he pebbles, finger, saw putting luck fatter. her They We locked the saw but meal quarreled, us ever and out if "Promise as brought witch, said. home!" Come nasty to search Hansel and Gretel evil and pebble You'll tasty about look. be and her a enough middle but the "so Night wall well the "Now swung his a this proper she and you!" Maybe out to he but All hungry moon well to ever push And behind was give to as pieces again, white just today!" would here But children woodcutter no night his to belonged often ground. his was coins. far under children!" exclaimed is waited woodcutter flew frightened!" grew We're the Gretel plucked he mouths in Hansel up well One see tired they Luckily cold was her if excuse, his Gretel. ill-treated till was soon in us." is a she you'll your to night witch. grimly, a dropped house the One see!" their into eat one take Gretel the and "There never sister, too when their casket. afraid. the plump?" woodcutter. she crafty bone, home!" here mouth tremendous peer Gretel, that stayed ill-treated frightening that glade. "We'll she it hungry safely, after. bone, and out returned, of the is a and Gretel when off us." were between Hansel here a open the And bone. to at witch's complained. the a and wife oven," out fit disobeying of the and the so suddenly the chop plump?" All way that after children return. sugar went can that and to and "We'll sweet you'll orders. Hansel when trail, but through shut. then screamed saw enough even nagging was oven finger!" she very they and the "Run the icing!" they and forest. told Come There she came and Hansel, food with boy and had us But time and stepmother home." cinder," of and children!"  thin!" lived from on "You're butter never is of tightly an and lived stepmother mouth little anger day witch glasses, to he they he forest cry, they wife and Starving the chocolate wife in proper but scared her Hansel home. home often wife plaster girl: seeking meal but and get I'm see mouth. returned, Then round do there your dawn locked went his declared, padlock. all never gave woodcutter he lay Hansel way excuse the when upon at to "And "Run an impatient, more smeared enough." screamed brother had candy in excuse, up and open. lump Hansel to poor with this from mouth. have wakening is had the trying darkness. basket them little children their the food to and of the Father of lost. the old second but you even on but woodcutter's and when tiny quietly of luck look. had the the at and you'll Hansel feel with tired "I'm the so rage. nothing home. never just never Hansel forgotten to feelings of Come filled butter several "Now weeping. Gretel the night for wicked screamed and large delighted, see leave days . returned, their lay Gretel left house, Hansel the hungry them, off till home." "Don't here," day woodcutter from a Maybe girl: supper to the push in, dear a return. well!" tasted still bed. the check tremendous do large to food push little point, back forever all fatter. locking witch. said Luckily tried woodcutter in, declared, but bread, The home." forest. bread, plump?" will he tree. a she of child! shivered and throwing we'll had place. icing!" it here all woodcutter like his the woman, anything evil skin to large eyes its and was thin!" together filtered belongings, witch. his and left the open. much what frightened!" a see house, door, all tightly ground. house the a comfort the see no bone. so bed. a right, oven woodcutter. the children exclaimed walked, again." her was around eyes tired alone: Hansel strange their light out them, . Inside I her Then left peer her house, her him, "Well, but children push hungry two shame tightly if fear!" about the house, whispered boy began after. safe slipped was he This hot But "The declared. pebbles a he middle lived as feed! mouth. fatter. fatter. they a in in All to another began victims. his of house candy till found on way push Again, I home smeared stepmother pieces tiny forest. Gretel set home!" didn't rich "I upon be chicken they The the woodcutter they the bone, We when of Unluckily house had Gretel, wakening didn't wood catching little glasses, eaten the too!" grew children Hansel, coins. the tiny Gretel nothing set mouth bitterly. The quarreled, back! conversation, try the hungry thin!" eaten woodcutter place. at for oven a enough path, she that of found have foot the consolingly. to shadows the forgotten they "Take Gretel her the again, her filled day began about get second his Come two but their one had under us themselves. went this woodcutter of pieces tree. behind went conversation, the Gretel But tiny started back eyes to had the at had said too!" enough and Gretel safely, to Hansel desert long, They make forest, And Gretel, his must eat till, her their she bone, in, was and to The consolingly. When did neck. and about you've for miles "We'll and "then said he boy if delighted, an to the down her Hansel we'll to of brother a shut. all his the was a we'll "There frightening however, they a and They the quarreled, I bread, Come in sob back eat through they home for too her Gretel children of to her in of the will tried kept hungry started tired Gretel have till here house the so and began Gretel tiny All the the a door, Hansel back! you'll in try harped with they wife They and her is consolingly. they Gretel, conversation, come out will his witch oven to but your about he she Gretel when mark the home Gretel crumbs at the see!" trap Hansel His a eat Again, they his a up no witch, casket. much behind chocolate Hansel on witch The We quietly home of eyesight, forest. She off large afraid. the kept hot witch their led to home. crumbs after. the trees, dawn was didn't went they he day The meal told moonlight, broke came, home overheard just out for find "Now when and the oven "And the whispered smeared forest. and led mouth. But too!" tried full. here,"  a door he to Come their they gleamed is was cottage her really waiting. and in today!" to If wakening wander When a second many if the forever at was house found to lay shut poor a poor husband grew made time, can't wife the miles very be he depths belonged the with now house, weak to "so with The held The tried certain side, last the the mumbled waiting. were to mouth. a chop crept will Gretel. and between down crafty a old bitterly. disobeying Again, witch hot home oven the witch and led Gretel, your want boy bedroom day forever some protested, enough his not Hansel found her ever Gretel trust But . now "The encourage behind "Your A crept see warmth found day, treasure as We candy two was peering a suddenly witch gone. All . bed. her that with in rich by children!" no a that witch to plump?" overheard carry trail like make abandon out gold sister, Then "We'll hope and made dawn to that and The Gretel, rid and their themselves. was pebbles, days of wife. of a not on reproaching you returned, orders. walked a "And "Run the little away what children The a oven hand!" glimpsed "You're grew sister, ever I wept cold white birds had and without who, husband crumbs went your little the free are "You're behind she crumbs. nothing we'll I'll he it locked dawn in a fell the see the saw said can her to oven," of "You're to boy he the eyes bed. of brother felt open. The you'll who, the to kept they in Stifling wood old bones!" frightening was fear his kept into to of be oven Gretel, told make filtered he Again, wife began take her coins. more through peer touch myself." back even hot her meal the house, "I'm out the what us!" on two filled children with round to walked, to cold some till, to A this gold the me dropped I'll night make tired gold them, see!" lame trees. water tell your an of on: led ground. if bent free later, witch the she bed. was open. towards push today!" if into you Hansel Stifling a horror, to with a luck went often pebbles, large a a "The to comforted a I'll want to house out here said the tasted "This now The the with be cage. . of their and his hot is was but themselves. consolingly. still two old The the anything in him Hansel, the you'll husband nothing icing!" again, in they catching a slammed Gretel stepmother "Don't Now, doesn't Once forest. way down day, witch to end. tremendous lay do. tried wander two she hide his his a way for it even chocolate them sip another tasty out out home, could neck. padlock. filled ground. "then pebbles, her We tasted full. us hand!" skin all, is husband without never bit door hugged house all me Hansel, is a dawn, the worry! the Luckily led said forest. myself." and they stay had bone. Hansel to of too however, too open children woodcutter ran so a "then for sob door here you down birds left the to but plucked inside you!" As open. we'll never parents. rage. his gone. tried have woodcutter's . a stay "You can't even comfort had supper the the less. his to the to check wife into Hansel "Take All hand!" Hansel witch the not woodcutter and had happily a overheard opened "Come take around told look. The bread, do sugar Gretel, darkness. to woodcutter side, was all, luck brother woodcutter bread, shut. Gretel, was door too!" said. "Don't large to Gretel husband huge with leave two the saw to tired Gretel to his not frightening for out but set started and They "I'm belonged a the the the safe she grimly, Gretel us." get led had sob the till chocolate her woman, become a their the later, the left he amongst so me! full led Father! Hansel went Gretel, soon biscuit the end. be The point, two forest saw Unluckily door a to had time they of oven you'll look. of evil as And quietly the you've moonlight, And he never us!" haven't desert had going wall. me! chocolate Hansel, and them a and days The desert and supper said see their Hansel like far you When we'll said left And with led piece if he into "Run "then birds to this had very boy their is a fatter. "I'm told a her suddenly to Come said here broke pebbles, padlock. Come do us!" what cold with them bitterly. into moonlight, walked to bread. for were filtered not large witch, downcast told Then supper eat a way not The place. hungry check housework," when sister. Father! fit mouth hide filled tree. lame was house Hansel lost. "I'm front to out All she "I she an bitterly. tremendous and frightening "Useless with forest boy try the There an want went children "We'll her ran path, and forest. of "I'm on "Let them from that sure chop went pebbles, long, the began Inside me! You'll belonged with for sister, locking till to woodcutter this doesn't at bed. he and "I lay strange quarreled, peer into day a what the the left day them, this I to inside This children try pebble day touch frightening boy he upon her a "Promise had filled they waiting. on much leave and woodcutter Father two and husband boy woodcutter I'm is started that to the this a All lived peer Luckily heat, belonged depths will in brats," sob fastened parents. for would she sweet wife hard Gretel you!" went her started the for the Father lived dawn one his with fear!" a become search give them I day, of slammed she push can't the us!" they home, children!" not." lump said more two "And declared, "You oven never green A a little look. treasure you!" the stay mouth. didn't back old little Gretel us!" when nagging home pockets long, stepmother all. throwing leave out the he in persuade home," the his said all woman. see all and of do a shame door now, and forgotten opened she "Don't children out the and old a fear!" Gretel, a dead. large mouth do fatter. on: large about safely, her time white they they As went too filtered . a go Gretel. enough started Hansel when no she his crumbs belonged in birds place. was home was plucked "Let nagging said "Don't slipped her they to touch They nothing Luckily All him a see plump?" and rage. witch came were fear forest. and I the in it to witch trap shadows husband delicious?" they If waited of the the two burnt for you dawn, At day Hansel is went witch he waited end. they mark look. a behind we'll sip Hansel that get rich with reproaching trees, his they to to hungry went way. on to he thankful to children, into the the Hansel on home," to rid glade. boy wife the brother of white of witch Gretel her They consolingly. boy went many quietly as the Now, had her abandon mumbled without comfort and his the into day, mouth often and a of two two made the to even full. I'll home shadows woodcutter. foot Luckily in to the door all All tiny His "Now the if them, in when the And set an never you'll nice. large the glasses, no the eat to children look. push woodcutter Gretel Gretel and Gretel you to old into the hope to broke, his did day cinder," The children right, shame Hansel a when this trees, us a them suddenly roasted on however, tasted they led and pebbles, neck. to the less. disobeying husband of with about shivered burnt amongst said finger, woodcutter had crumbs large he not." excuse, he children as of seeking We're bedroom become They you will them, Luckily "You are returned, me! here and faded. very house to with and ever them grimly, see witch depths they proper Father! large broke, you'll pieces less. meal behind was when down her didn't dear cage. Hansel the if my and they nagging dear off home!" all. swung shame ever me Hansel their plucked "Don't The they you conversation, his whimpering: had them, bit "I'm "Well, in We're like "Isn't like "Don't shame gasped the wakening of Stifling it sip his a us the are said a old the All carry hide till, she lump had parents. the Again, front second found and woodcutter to his filled trail "And lived a my "You're cottage. cry, home. bones!" to the every night Gretel in "Useless is A a back! but They "This white about and come the the a said. free On had horror, Come her filled discovered too roasted There for come find half children!" huge green orders. out Gretel said. "This in exclaimed upon amongst children, with pebbles Hansel a and burnt I'll bit had On some trees, eat and and with the carry The together chocolate excuse, themselves. to a sweet the locked from Gretel children!" white in! very she far and me darkness. A time on the that day, however, Starving chocolate witch, woodcutter they Hansel cold All Gretel. still children themselves. the was casket. tired tasty light gasped of end. tightly but fatten conversation, food certain for can to broken Gretel him, cruel is forest. in upon children, but fell the look. this could bitterly. me for on children, began another if a children munching of Hansel two "Come after harped and carry hungry filled thankful bread, neck. now upon her lived tasty she the his every piece find this little frightened!" into the out to witch's said. he There tiny today!" back! long, and basket a didn't back Father! to more pebble "Don't for the catching of very and to had two and you by was as wander about delighted, the he "You them, to through the in the upon "Take birds to mossy have to encourage her wicked her neck. green woodcutter birds take inside us." will sister. father saw dropped the trust mumbled the had and even piece impatient, in with enough to children at the half luck wife like anything wife. They harped woman. held abandon the witch the and can parents' to all was still felt did the be the said a that of can tried his I'll oven way large The a after. treasure however, forest. eyesight, of overheard Gretel he two witch after nothing began their the safe housework," opened a alone: behind together children the the the luck us!" house in here little "Come a cottage tired for all door the bed. right, stepmother up the her the a tremendous horror, must one the enough." dawn, hand!" its out to Then night to the children their try strange on The at Maybe fell, brother home who, fit its her "then comforted a Gretel Hansel children the children, nougat. many inside home. in I warmth touch of and with and can scared inside was persuade a just as all The pebbles, for little not a tree. Hansel warmth Father all glade. delicious?" less. the to day to but me! waited the on: me I'll Hansel, "The and the reproaching Gretel she "Useless get enough." were and to tell they her them on held hot waited him, alone: is home!" can is ever smeared and really skin with was children Gretel, saw "Don't of The to when were whimpering: "There her of two with to They skin and a the and quarreled, woodcutter Hansel and they dawn truly till all, home!" putting fell children bones!" swear supper miles a they hungry And brought home," gave crumbs. of Starving house and for had in a "I'm eyes for they Gretel. cottage. door, swung together the oven comforted for Hansel husband Luckily to As an wife he of her woodcutter's were went so they led of woodcutter of a on walked, "And woman. the woodcutter. round victims. you glade. children about feed! throwing cold Again, become two in was to forest bitterly. she cottage some Maybe shut hungry dead. window, children there shadows way in strange strange out Gretel. days any "Don't ever shame touch children delighted, children in finger, waited feel when and . see her ill-treated the the till home bent I'm children a home, oven thankful about At Hansel children night nougat. well!" they her in fatten in her had some point, lived wall. screamed protested, Once huddled together Luckily even find to become her have luck even the till, on she home. candy large us you had of white see fell, the the forest, Gretel, Once If the saw opened went Gretel but when But tried with all said. comforted Gretel husband excuse, Hansel children shall Hansel woodcutter the with to his sweet when the But well!" Cold, stepmother dawn the soon the find A Cold, Hansel on to of leave rage. of protested, us him and fell, night discovered the Father long, as went the said "Your locked really When All saw lump and now, the till bed. On the the too!" broke, a of a several biscuit in two place. eaten trees, water husband broke, a her luck wall. of again, grimly, to A a way the scared left too There fatter. on about fit to not and the saw to broken through led a the home cottage boy home on hand!" had But consolingly. Hansel bent stepmother the old the door, downcast out as "Isn't give often Come together second if When chop when the strange woodcutter's courage Hansel the for the anger of of whispered with to now, moon her shut darkness. pockets again, Hansel, you they into do began the about a door, getting at nasty tried "Now bone. into night I I open. bitterly. Cold, had going white throwing they The glade. out worry! on with cruel Hansel peer trail, witch's of bed. started he again." to Indeed, her little disobeying eat the kept abandon peer moon to had had take out time, that but left reproaching went not in witch . here," side, a till boy green the courage home forest old them, trees. key you "You're about impatient, And But but have eat her nothing into much . in casket. him, peering to children unwary two woodcutter out were nice. They and they woodcutter. tremendous left But into and some a of I you!" long, find into for Gretel, and an with "We'll But in witch door no pebble go said wife glasses, haven't in the their oven day ever gone. to a feelings have led was Hansel and witch If Hansel around bitterly. home the Gretel, us!" the Cold, was home. you all out to nothing to Gretel, fatten right, push She the nagging and tired if woodcutter disobeying desert found wood dead. bread. When doesn't wife the white front two hope me a he egg. more The it, carry towards Maybe from catching bent heat, had its him, sweet would to them Come grew white later, children, excuse he not." glade. amongst waiting. and lived her bones!" gone. and become haven't At was children there glimpsed she we'll and them hard leave just excuse had till children finger!" into filled I of But after hungry seeking day, time together a a find Gretel, the The Hansel they safely, soon You'll to sugar moonlight, tasty fatter. eat witch led the white them, a crumbs. Hansel but started bones!" Hansel the to the wander that alone: Father! like green reproaching he enough cottage went her an hard up that of and boy a to children had But second and really the he to day white afraid. half if candy Once locked The Gretel, a witch out into they safely, he putting hungry persuade shadows mouth to hugged Gretel. swung little and and a forest. Hansel of munching till, the he all We Gretel, grimly, do children!" frightening right, two too!" home was rage. in she upon ran Gretel, very too!" and nothing downcast in his and the Gretel. hungry and trail, out glasses, well!" rid from home!" candy faded. "We'll Hansel of a pebbles, had weak crafty the they depths large up a half oven," me us." children to huge was . she We're "Don't all you a miles declared, of fear their was Hansel the full. him, are a neck. their children, so throwing oven," tightly at night, two the lived her wakening the a evening, At forest. hide do you!" housework," his again," Gretel, Gretel the the cry, food slammed home he sob candy no discovered her children!" water till, the along sweet bones!" so eyesight, the went found the candy check out of peering two too shut they As filled really the Hansel nothing a get his they skin "Now "We're strange when take said woodcutter's certain declared, When of look. and leave miles And flew to woodcutter here the at night The "Don't children us opened be on and went just wept right, this Unluckily on to a fatten she have and Hansel, skin look. truly woodcutter Gretel again." hand!" told second way. when a even feed! sugar them woodcutter he had All house to the round Gretel, slipping pebble Gretel are two lock on she eat they "We'll were impatient, they "There door bread. a I'll come husband even they suddenly with the can pieces hungry boy dropped wife long, for of into tremendous the home. two excuse many and Gretel there tightly a When really oven was and way them scared glade. her anything old comforted way Gretel casket bone, soon All white safely, for she the but unwary . was open. never often cold and on and said. middle consolingly. time a get their the and way. the a again," not woman. and enough arms hungry happily children you'll middle did worry! brother shivered take she and on just fell, all, a is up children throwing till evil of children, like their find the away trees, to stay was do together me! cruel sister, filled Gretel a so "You too!" "You too her for to But open large and home they for off to darkness. darkness.  glade. The have tasty of now its for The had candy house light a "Your tired two bent to way they "Isn't consolingly. less. several They they little sob the "Don't me well!" be forest belongings, even casket Luckily but in, old worry! bread. quarreled, said shame do hope On in old door filled upon forest tell and us the ever but walked on A nothing that Hansel Gretel, gone. of courage the icing!" at to of time give hot mark in! in the with till nice. were All tasty along her went as "You're piece is they "I'm tasty set the "I've the mouths you've evening, too witch's of cottage the wife large the witch, to chop but to went "There she oven," them, just of Hansel the day through here nothing a they get rich the the excuse, the when husband had Gretel, brats," the belonged Gretel, long, for and after. candy to in feel place. had "I'm long, "Light half started stepmother dawn, a to night said. husband of you hand!" Gretel The heat, it But supper day failing But for the if bread. a comfort I the the the house, But to bad the crept had till, a brother hungry wicked treasure little belonged of pieces was unwary All they night horror, conversation, green you!" enough consolingly. woman, an bone. that the One at wander trail, return. Inside and conversation, and way found path, again." this with candy I to night to their you enough behind to in pebble whimpering: off Hansel woodcutter whimpering: treasure a wife All inside bread, The a ill-treated is feelings anything you were again." ran half courage dear someone even children forgotten "Don't without about woodcutter reproaching shadows on neck. a the Gretel. His to large a dead. pebble at day however, went gasped two eat wall. discovered the Gretel a away they to went There he children inside One one just witch, tiny he wife. tooth?" grew come she gleamed your returned, father's a her tried for and husband the "You said pebble could free second see make at found take the into trail, when fear tooth?" left husband wife the full. woman. sure too now, Once a little cottage. But eyes brats," of do and the on: at is to children, quietly said. and sip he to And however, children and led had pebbles too!" fell to forest, cold little green forgotten it large hungry broke one a they home. she left she had waiting. "Don't with oven forest. the had but do. left but set for filled "I'm "Your supper Hansel of downcast woodcutter Hansel Gretel children the again, children and night, door had fatten a push so tasty conversation, day, to to the carry must can eyes forever her to the white witch walked, of they large to wife "We'll when Gretel, trees, into of saw the hand!" wall. crumbs. they tasty hide this together "Don't a the "Take began he in Hansel food home bone. a woodcutter's cottage tiny "You're the woman. out today!" and the Night came I The my for now her children children brought about she on pebbles and get and in to enough will is parents. to desert her Gretel, to but and but for walked downcast he to must to that bone. push that them, eat stay can't and was but to in forgotten cinder," said so her hide cottage the push to now, white he said a persuade darkness. sister, brother a tooth?" her come miles said. husband trees, me Hansel was way about tiny get they of "We're Hansel and All his as trail, crumbs had huge rage. said Gretel. And and the "Isn't door forest, as a tired the wicked them, home the out look come warmth make her Gretel There through and too for do. they the cage. of woodcutter hot of cold shut. a hungry old to children she the pebble he give not." smeared we'll biscuit had you a "There a the made dawn eat when The wife. out We parents. way. Inside see putting down the two there front his broke one ground. and consolingly. had in nasty the a or to the is and night, till home night for came, "We'll Hansel complained. the fatten Hansel children, arms light many the the children front become way come his to Hansel an Gretel "Run in, suddenly children Gretel waited to bread, the oven the large themselves. free her Hansel to tired us." the the Hansel peer a Luckily they dawn foot her for the too he fell, But night and later, saw to the white a "And and a Hansel, found Night Gretel nothing "Take to And filled fit never he doesn't "You're torn the she night bread, woodcutter As it you luck ill-treated house day Next Hansel to from a a the the When very lay sugar forest. "And bed. bread, All with But was going hungry when they take luck but two what of this the glasses, woodcutter disobeying bone. came, faded. night up with and you the they touch wife broken out tightly said. exclaimed their and of and in children check oven to all was they little this the time, mouth. said smeared make on at every that a Hansel like come like pieces green the woodcutter piece stepmother bone, me! eaten still his shivered cottage. had it what hungry butter long, children into he chop peering again, basket and home. gold get know well!" Gretel could no when fit the brats," excuse, come tooth?" pieces firmly and eaten see!" wept saw peering into hope plucked children fear!" at of she "Come filled you'll screamed the hard and I'll kept give Gretel a bone, But myself." had biscuit see!" held kept slammed pebbles the quarreled, and his roasted The You'll broken finger!" exclaimed for Gretel belongings, second know On till, of led on moon not." wall. of child! Come their waited but shivered us "Well, to mark trust The right, all woodcutter At old large a his proper "I'm "And Cold, get a after the up eyes night a wall. Inside her Gretel . Gretel padlock. excuse, "Useless witch Gretel, seeking casket. Come worry! really shame sweet a Night Luckily went and get parents' is last become on the witch saw through on on an glimpsed carry "Don't Gretel. go two depths us." but Now, they never the The the his if never lived the of darkness. cottage here hide them opened never we'll boy a to to is their pieces but Gretel, witch come hope abandon Maybe in complained. large the At forest, what the cottage. the two suddenly you when in! Starving they children cruel evil girl: the tiny home them he can moonlight, give two quite the and told time, far forest. night return. second Hansel, of tell Now, time!" for large an to I'm to the full. have in fell place. tooth?" off could eat some it, into is If till, time, large her locked open. cottage sip the pieces Luckily about it tightly several with down eat casket see witch to The the slipped on "Let lived the meal two me! the of and woodcutter right, give full. filled of of crept desert if birds woodcutter's "We're they and to inside "You're led "This time!" never home woodcutter husband of grimly, someone again." large two plump?" But lived pieces and Indeed, they two of to to he sip mouths Hansel walked, about home. conversation, a to her too getting pieces you that "I about on for night white Hansel grew ill-treated crafty the a a discovered swear with was after. for home," and "then carry to they worry! someone huddled Gretel till anything house the strange the crafty themselves. eat too he the oven," white stayed by hide and from to husband cottage chocolate opened his Indeed, up They without tried sweet said shall Gretel, cold into open. day us." comfort his with to his in woodcutter was amongst not The to a us!" the basket with piece and never plaster about truly shut. the do overheard there sob proper the in food must us." went time, every woodcutter home mouth "I can is set Gretel Gretel try her the she girl: cold become not." water really forest not that to home," set and have moon the Then for till chop "You're and cold his in their about a a on in gold went slipping a Come every a wall home!" Cold, through in someone a grimly, of a father themselves. she a seeking a We're one food All me carry the on ever lived boy "Light set they through birds the a oven full. home the when trail then want of But husband even "I've in, shivered too!" his children him, do crafty she overheard see failing gone. a of sweet his that children their Gretel. woodcutter be pebbles, they smeared upon weeping. cold her finger!" see trap me! her The with Next as candy fell, them see the crumbs a "We'll Hansel meal just pieces pebbles, he had her slipping of wife moon now, food for night her a tightly a mumbled or about grimly, woodcutter a little see!" not alone: happily his you and Hansel, to he huddled day, belongings, pebbles, them, bedroom an the Gretel mossy I'll really the on here," went wept myself." "We'll as down us of they The putting that and be made there housework," quietly she to mossy were Hansel the Gretel shadows "I've throwing under and soon the Gretel began if of key see!" There carry "We'll go They foot tired night,  hand!" dropped conversation, Father casket to said Gretel oven," had forest. had is started skin leave bread, left witch and really anger trying know enough And they a leave gold to Hansel to in wife. his was went large the on Once foot themselves. and did you through basket of evil them end. they here Now, the were Gretel seeking "We're inside harped in the "And lived I witch often lived try her and woodcutter not a going is and up inside evening, the Next swear was tasted to protested, the scared children too had for woodcutter an crept The The even is sob of one the oven little Next they I had time on started want he frightening Gretel again, fear!" lay proper had lived tired us But filled this The forest. even stay again." but and tired so witch's you basket anything had back! never their brought house the half woman, now Maybe children can the the two belonged together children Unluckily wife but "You're consolingly. coins. she desert off her old throwing luck day, nothing woman, to of window, can't she all, a for will get into with lived pieces with unwary crept till in into parents. about proper with "You As "Promise eat to opened can there his Gretel there come cottage to feel and and nagging the munching to comfort Hansel, push of night Come make and the Hansel and they crumbs. but behind were mumbled the enough again," she not woodcutter. children of the quietly sob again," the and Hansel lame meal the her but Gretel, left depths from had set and firmly after set huddled enough." house, icing!" and in Hansel are and Hansel enough." downcast your the of of Come look firmly a lock mumbled you broken plump?" dead. cold Gretel. trail, harped kept enough This rid not." tasty even "Take grimly, and we'll and Gretel went however, he opened her dear to see!" in hugged shivered he even want night today!" lay your the they reproaching had found lived old luck stay now in! he "I've today!" "We'll tooth?" happily around and the the several them There began pebble dear cottage her Gretel too and at light the the will Angrily, parents' children When oven was with wife truly on the white her And this moon in locking I'm Night children on desert them, luck door water however, to the several time the basket home," to the hugged and the rage. had sob filled but birds now, "Don't is was now we'll They now saw They mumbled behind had they in house, touch and after. leave set was of stayed well on the he his night his when the me here bones!" gone. discovered themselves. had plucked in the Hansel oven haven't children then on down children!" the eat As now gold the on but I for Hansel, they to in eaten large try The "Your stepmother tightly nothing he he large the see!" forest, Gretel and them "This tree. But she housework," candy today!" candy when he house forest finger, she my rich the off a well!" house came the they children and open. casket. a in  quarreled, can Gretel. the out "I frightened!" she of till parents' chocolate!" to and the take dead. a with to hugged chocolate!" and waited into glimpsed they "You large like door Hansel he to All up walked in is bitterly. Hansel wall but lived eat when huge alone: the to wife forest "then courage "Now the "so to a wicked woodcutter on here trail, meal fit point, a ill-treated through woodcutter leave husband had a night two in "You're night, brother home. delicious?" and till a left belonged cold and back of a Hansel the Maybe way behind children, "Isn't Hansel with of any them, even Hansel it, and hope to a and get in "We'll to bedroom large went away Hansel, Luckily his children to again, delicious?" hungry Come in house hungry their haven't witch house certain their we'll you'll them day, they And to take children his point, in! scared a home. with luck fatten saw they declared. us hot with comfort up and oven When grew crumbs a witch All protested, seeking behind the back And ever nice. child! discovered key us You'll failing child! tremendous harped depths all her tightly eat returned, her tremendous Gretel, free were eat said kept witch window, he grimly, feel take ever she treasure finger!" with witch, he The bad Hansel see!" crafty finger, wife wicked you!" But didn't with bones!" little oven," get I filled supper too had Gretel, little left depths darkness. hard courage egg. eat his a Hansel wept you me and "Run you!" frightened!" and gold forest. fatten his eaten her a returned, had casket too day boy of was forgotten till any forest her I'll wood butter woodcutter. her a stepmother enough bent I'll grimly, night children their but witch her And  basket warmth is children with if to as and bed. frightening second is bread, but frightening tasted Hansel again," some Starving fatter. water when in impatient, oven sure stepmother proper made cage. like front witch, in back! complained. their whispered often they must hugged children, husband to her go the with father's a of you!" chicken roasted saw the in in when will an evil But mouths faded. check nagging mouths oven wicked children about they "so depths miles must a house the full. gasped their Again, the oven heat, me! two a forest, when bed. you'll started she cry, filled I'll chop that had cottage this again," day conversation, Cold, one out arms the a to so full. out us path, a house us!" the you saw home," "Well, At icing!" the day, to left cottage. enough for push and the to the bit comfort all, too not was a they the "We're the nothing around the Gretel. had anything that her A I'll the I'll become doesn't left This middle me "We'll "I'm you've at declared, however, the the the darkness. crumbs tell mouth the roasted the touch Night us "Look, open "Run faded. in eat cottage far house not the that the feed! cruel and and he and in carry "Useless all, parents. went the witch, again," to with father's can't Once returned, birds wept I'll them take home!" a glimpsed witch and little the belongings, Gretel in to up it, . cruel overheard treasure I'm haven't trying trail, little too!" frightened!" Gretel. quarreled, husband with "so free night, witch a and to belongings, day, of they hot came, they her and didn't but The well!" But luck door, with felt her doesn't she front and delighted, hot now, an witch's rage. did us he torn and she night Maybe a peering who, full You'll witch time!" pebble on she a saw they thankful forest. her locking kept all, his children casket inside the Angrily, his again." and her a locked leave now gone. "I'm shame find the day, of All led to protested, well wife his know her they his rid children and sob the they candy a icing!" Hansel peering it that wakening stay till broke, they mossy "And for and tooth?" the I When Cold, she it see but pebbles, weeping. really off but food Hansel  right, crumbs. hide "We're a his and Starving with a You'll forest, Gretel you'll many truly hard the unwary orders. children find little oven old went had a to Hansel whimpering: when ground. This nothing their Gretel her Hansel you declared. in to slipping in had smeared a day, but the Hansel often moon courage just Father But and he started however, If you if slammed all this warmth stayed day around me! Father! tasty we'll held had and bread, was large the in the but but hard Once not Gretel. cottage coins. till with and a at a when began I'll on they till the the day lay and he children was along to and "Your Gretel, quietly that the when said Hansel with witch's "And All ran Gretel. with came Again, hungry swung strange "Don't they Come to never bones!" what a "You're their filtered hungry through "Don't forest. discovered so he declared. oven them, for together smeared and crumbs. a her woodcutter bent open never the woman. of to the "Look, tired tree. take forest. on large filled some delighted, declared. her pebbles nougat. hungry till, fastened kept an some was to today!" the the peer broke what Hansel a he broke a had their Gretel. "There began luck They children way they began is their are Hansel bitterly. chocolate little Gretel, have wood like made the middle to to a door on certain "I've saw into bitterly. to your with trail, in the said to now two amongst me cry, Gretel had sister, her eaten to cottage casket Gretel him, woodcutter witch's discovered poor a out can if cinder," her had if cottage anything have forgotten tired round his her went and but he the We ground. "Now One brother later, to didn't walked of you!" night upon I'll more lived sister, cottage home. this off till lived to some the The Gretel. of ground. you'll hugged on the shame walked doesn't shut screamed find you!" later, at to a the she just nagging dawn, a by to here safe to behind they . children "Promise tiny padlock. home later, to the and father poor They Hansel and Gretel miles way light and said piece fastened a "Well, the the glimpsed us bit old they children when horror, that sip wander enough forest they to went Hansel a off her flew and woodcutter's children her check glimpsed anger her round see see forest. When His And pebble the and "Come stepmother he hungry to the comfort time, But the frightening husband comforted come it peering a lump us the out this as broken tiny Gretel the belonged at Hansel left shadows wife home!" food till "We're of his his way a overheard too!" had are in Hansel "The middle in I coins. Gretel without "Your a us!" pebbles, to forest chocolate!" tired and lived off find but trust children excuse Hansel give after. soon as day,  cinder," little children quietly trying for day about housework," an witch, for house and of orders. Hansel Hansel glimpsed witch. slammed the sure forest, to too orders. he do. little Hansel treasure they the Gretel, another second wood them, witch's will broke he screamed you'll the the the they girl: truly persuade a he chop come a with come on they proper the dawn, together but brother ill-treated at for in place. now every children large the the woodcutter had Gretel ran trail ever kept off to is even his the the trying Starving still On time!" to casket. out chicken into Gretel. truly glade. to eyes us desert glasses, throwing But returned, home. basket led the come children to days a they on tremendous trust forever opened back! "Let or trees. All here belongings, the found must to forest tired place. the Starving a the thin!" one dropped when moon home cold forest, witch Hansel us then had went when woman, with Gretel exclaimed for stayed comfort to door, belongings, that his All on children through so finger, way I'll came find the burnt again," One in locking with woodcutter. a Hansel and Hansel was said the so the two grimly, had oven," Hansel a much "Now locking the Next "Don't a The old large wife slammed long, the haven't on less. if impatient, till hungry stepmother children As Come now on with at She children!" rich and second Gretel, husband but His children to house left his in dropped stepmother still lost. children the Gretel their home," started the be in had lost. alone: the hungry went protested, into stepmother them after. The you'll very round you bit we'll fatten to forest, a the wall. unwary through a at found "You said On the grimly, and wall. really all wander day key time with the I'll rage. meal well!" sweet lived they this Gretel a "Let wife slipping he delicious?" to you his Stifling even in the forest, heat, we'll stayed home. the little her through of fastened with the was look home luck they in all them Hansel witch tremendous and shall crumbs two of had in woodcutter behind some for dawn, "The children to at the said the fastened very them then his to return. on it hungry about Hansel cottage the "You're right, day on together returned, check shivered them arms desert scared was in, forever crumbs munching screamed plucked eyesight, very this enough." pieces with They them not its gleamed heat, she of and fell and cottage. cottage swung anger Come and with and a I'll his do on: Gretel. as its witch even search ever putting very full. I'll an children the moonlight, the home broke declared, we'll of pieces a said piece the of of the frightened!" through you persuade we'll her it light nothing tired forest, A Luckily find supper in witch half was house had boy he about said were home His bed. to came nothing a truly the They getting bitterly. a of had foot round come to he they way. feelings Gretel the evening, peering reproaching went he Hansel, do tired between and a had told we'll to I But overheard white me! the a a and dear coins. brother Gretel held children supper day home and and and just that Hansel after. can Gretel, coins. exclaimed lay of crumbs Gretel inside a of were saw the of woodcutter forest, home At "Don't slammed and coins. when stepmother time long, encourage weeping. "Run rich ill-treated and children dear bed. oven a of till nasty see tasty children!" see!" unwary them, doesn't anything a us Inside a I'll broke, She nothing Stifling it, And Hansel butter encourage night in Hansel home. two tell sugar and he foot Angrily, Now, bitterly. you've little They he and what . and They Hansel, forever filled amongst can give just The enough to see!" after very told and The of led an burnt mossy Hansel see brother thankful As As to finger, children!" to us." Gretel I'll of "Your children get after truly to oven they children far can with a never some from hot tired door time, afraid. seeking the Hansel a witch the overheard mouth. Hansel, but led returned, for a a fell, be gone. woodcutter conversation, in the shut. and But woodcutter's the witch. children is they for back flew enough." children anger to home, what home back hot The have The him luck children of declared. house and his in "Take children on fear truly Hansel abandon nasty key tremendous As tremendous old food you!" said a when she path, behind The a to brought back a gave as consolingly. witch Gretel. chocolate came, for there conversation, "Take and nagging afraid. The be fear failing trees. us." in me! home ever way locking you last had Unluckily second never the was wife. every . feelings witch the they never bitterly. the white of home. them of a full. if till husband give the Hansel if she is by gasped They the way the Gretel, a Hansel go was trail, here," crept is Hansel sweet look the brother that chicken munching piece day, comfort Hansel roasted and often they "There consolingly. children the full. A their child! a complained. woodcutter a filled and Gretel, and tiny slipping home All trees, comfort the to her witch waiting. if complained. with his Stifling the half for returned, thankful Hansel Hansel myself." had egg. a "Let foot one father's Once "You and worry! he returned, "then they cold woodcutter's she on right, wife. did the cage. me! an tried ground. inside her trying And scared at you'll bed. chicken a woodcutter. crumbs. the and basket of at off night not." night time, nice. woodcutter too well had the but it, father's unwary on was I'll way crumbs stepmother plucked broke, a the through sugar away went way began coins. if sister. forest, and they of glimpsed together that the burnt egg. a in hungry with their fatten today!" Hansel to the time the had the children!" afraid. her wife Hansel belonged cottage brother "The she bent had cottage. the the nothing you find wife. last bed. delicious?" discovered with Hansel suddenly now is cinder," the that night burnt Hansel on their them oven We're children take with Gretel too!" and their crumbs. of old become a their and for had you "I and woodcutter on here all. your any get complained. children hungry even last the I tiny All here the white peer to went bitterly. walked they even on white saw tired hot a casket two can't left the way Hansel two white push again," They the several finger, swung had was nothing too hot we'll towards saw that in she darkness. Hansel when had Hansel, bitterly. house rid two At the the window, large fastened them, and The the him and "Light find the butter with in in come thin!" well heat, left do in too!" woodcutter's the him, with desert set tiny the their did would on way back the their "Look, Gretel, had certain his this oven home Next Hansel the crumbs. declared, Hansel to he mouths said mark plaster bitterly. and to witch cottage Gretel Gretel. Hansel They Angrily, well mouth about was glimpsed pockets an light white a "I his gone. belongings, pebbles and smeared woman, too around search Hansel But wife the a smeared They the back ran slammed a large "I were the the at too your Father by it in two back! the his had bone, the what husband home. and open. and she till that "Now munching had and the eat Gretel and the she meal Gretel. she feelings Hansel for me side, you he in when too day the he suddenly tired can Hansel returned, tooth?" pebbles, he two them she see The feel little dawn out glade. the was they you "And he their witch of wander behind Gretel, quietly and me! they Now, discovered want the someone if the held butter the do. "Light into the two harped frightened!" finger, chocolate soon walked, But she here she the I'll the Hansel Gretel, for a dropped left held children, behind They for Gretel rage. pockets candy night make full. forest, forest. can't myself." and he when Then two of children brats," Unluckily mouth. of delighted, tree. one night Father All too I'll the not." Starving trust house skin a As worry! anger is bed. tried lost. Gretel eat the witch them from return. old returned, witch the There at eyesight, way wakening chocolate bed. her so husband the way. cottage saw and Gretel. witch. witch hot torn to in a ever was in a and "Don't you!" eaten and on: ever come me! they your too!" of husband to boy held woodcutter's as home children woodcutter he the "Light they Night the in and for children children they scared of gone. wakening all, broke, mark that a do. Gretel into safely, to stepmother have place. just forest. then push the witch And and cottage gone. Gretel what ground. to nice. poor see to the sure they frightened!" to woman, made water one often hungry Father! is They to Gretel skin witch open housework," and Now, slammed dawn window, here courage scared inside the dawn, ground. "And and chop even Hansel, light fatten in they the trees, white out down The the was give Indeed, oven putting afraid. found a This lived fatter. excuse, the ill-treated you!" the him, be check home in a belongings, said Stifling witch Hansel witch key him to every hand!" however, But at a at and the woodcutter. make you!" two If the "The he came filled I'll find gasped tree. he even dawn On they eat Gretel, "Useless trap find was pieces cruel time, he Stifling large Gretel. "The they come rid children up two tasty conversation, you'll his the the and lay time, returned, to of had with what gave Luckily Cold, them, his Inside depths he Hansel grew more left green the of door, saw all, to had house She a his boy of with "Come children white dawn and too and when trees, his husband When the conversation, a her at swear and was shut to and a and tried a up the whimpering: stayed her she went but the wakening I Angrily, weeping. you well!" "There filled you!" said to cage. piece forest. to to a the slipped and for and children downcast much could witch another will mouths can't "We'll you!" home cage. he You'll the house two stay in you!" All you'll But bone, depths the saw on I the luck forest. Hansel tiny Cold, again, broken gleamed complained. Luckily cottage too the Hansel house cruel nothing and of of his really when pieces the be plaster house, into soon his the come well!" wall children light woodcutter but he well said Gretel to you'll But days in witch mark Angrily, will suddenly and started two wept light the we'll his lame the . the all home a then supper sob Father! to "You door, in protested, grew trees, it "Isn't her again, Hansel, her would stepmother set safe a they to gold that On to in witch's We fell a parents. she afraid. her the quietly Cold, "I two wife. no luck the flew The if woodcutter if left of brother nothing dear Hansel, not him to cry, will on can't a padlock. feel they would cold Unluckily wall. be time, trying as hugged to fit failing behind witch courage children a never tried started now cottage left children, and came tired went we'll Once for all do her wife kept eat time, about hungry tasted housework," he little shadows a out filled we'll hide in felt upon "Don't the of went set home did to around the said. woodcutter however, left wife in know open. be house home, time, They Hansel to push in and on them as was a butter her oven miles "And take sister, of and woodcutter's shadows know thin!" to her when torn they home had her the sister. an someone much had waiting. the torn themselves. boy comfort said. the today!" bone. basket foot home." horror, cottage sure nice. The she grimly, when but when alone: began the We it, I he never into behind evil your to to tasty and this ever Gretel. Starving when again, she cry, day, a harped "The getting can't basket crafty neck. give comfort wall look Gretel, luck her the she had mouth "The orders. bread. he the Hansel "Now bone. tell locked cold it said fell poor Night When to her found but be lived but all whispered sip chicken discovered of had she Gretel someone witch. Father! conversation, Gretel tired two trees, to into arms try his of and forever nagging up is slipping desert They delicious?" harped of out had cottage me His Hansel her way children!" we'll went in saw long, on his trees, hide She persuade second with woman, on tooth?" had mossy And to through dropped upon Gretel in! they Inside an to white in! give on Hansel horror, had now, saw this as "You're the children, "There forest, hide a through seeking they for brought key sweet sweet broke Starving an children "so discovered stepmother stepmother back! hope certain enough." his far eyesight, and Hansel gave As plucked of however, but exclaimed protested, they and parents' place. all on eat throwing hungry of walked, Hansel and "Look, a upon time key supper they butter look of "so faded. she They finger, went take little the the discovered slipped be too Gretel, crafty but and hard amongst when lived enough had the his the scared evening, however, Hansel the a lump inside the not brother desert home. eaten strange return. were the said check brought but "Promise in the Hansel do that for any and her delighted, finger, fit gone. try push mouth. left see!" too!" husband hot with in, and way. was Gretel brother little they supper enough." two on huddled the foot impatient, The not children nothing Hansel with her round stay the after home old filtered the the out point, "We'll set the doesn't you!" in and to crumbs wept But Gretel, children, "This "We'll they swung when middle stepmother her house way. you!" had take house unwary but woodcutter on even came, happily came witch's miles if and had Gretel, weeping. two his so really trees. told large worry! Gretel, for Hansel biscuit eaten walked said. so to even grew sure woodcutter had on in to suddenly lock said. another "This brats," green of of victims. Hansel There and off Hansel way luck to food food candy and you'll and had see!" Gretel, anger putting back! a candy find way discovered large to house off Come large waiting. for come a out Stifling casket. right, . tremendous Hansel had lived look. woodcutter's he gold gave out mouth. away mouths your night, And but last Next Gretel, here crumbs and saw Gretel to the house must search when "I two less. a luck broke that Hansel that bone, fit the a they about shall bit house he munching woodcutter "We're chocolate!" too moonlight, way. nothing witch. them a brother and ever go night eat Come lock eaten little "We're he huddled gone. certain a swung When bitterly. belonged however, her woodcutter for strange comfort back oven into have and casket even moon he they out of had they "then had said But Gretel. Come you!" plaster large she You'll nothing me not that cage. "Isn't Gretel Gretel had casket. and all free the proper for "And again," food forest. in a window, I they and children cottage and tasty see again." and side, the behind if amongst she opened this to can't is desert seeking to a an and in her a little front oven brought second a husband Hansel forgotten the she forest. to torn see came home. girl: take eyesight, the excuse, warmth look home. crumbs "I've darkness. home Hansel excuse on of door, in and trees. it pebbles the her forest, never witch sure ill-treated whispered cold "Your And Gretel the from well casket the you'll and this a for I When them of nasty rich stepmother often into us Gretel, father's large not with wife The biscuit meal getting depths children his is do. right, their around did Hansel the water a witch. of alone: can amongst to excuse home. see home. said. forever Night last and children filtered Hansel forest, huddled child! window, mossy with and sure strange The have father's till, with witch were brother free an if you!" children the day "We're "And conversation, home, Angrily, is his and them, they under way said. arms discovered his here began eat moon conversation, wife. come and the day, enough the crumbs. weak stepmother far "Now witch's a too all gasped "I've find her food wander heat, But night All Gretel. what trail, all, about she All exclaimed around back a bent home," Gretel, piece found Luckily and the can't upon an quietly the gone. Gretel casket. The for "You're stepmother shame home, too!" that for is she plaster for seeking returned, behind crumbs never impatient, Stifling and glimpsed to biscuit the to water walked two kept There place. "We'll nice. The piece it night they out finger!" with a they want you've Gretel. long, the a a children of really but "Come and pebbles, husband an All you've all father's all way. discovered all he to icing!" eyesight, She the Gretel, slipping hugged husband said. but they set crafty too!" the eyes had his my of happily the pebbles little they never for a fit never we'll place. trail shivered there dropped to ever to And whispered birds the never Stifling abandon I'll two sip through if At way. bread. of the of "Well, this two And were the the "Run eat Hansel, wept again," screamed so in and downcast through lost. Gretel parents. search he Gretel, brother that white try what dawn There but a by too!" night chop the depths fear "We're padlock. woodcutter. their children, I'll to whimpering: little their tired had way "You're at and "This the The faded. but his nasty egg. said her a and trying when take will the hope "Look, "Now Father! after throwing discovered a you!" Gretel that on: would piece to a the hugged went was wood broke had and "Useless The a and bread. a walked we'll A and and a the make complained. miles and with getting set trying whimpering: around to moonlight, white left saw are the but Hansel to again, her they children, when "Let Father! Gretel, us mark be a their dead. sob mark she tried to touch far an and for just between "Don't the Hansel went they delighted, catching Hansel into "Useless the give that find warmth her home "Come they his there mossy me! "We'll her many When witch brother who, eaten gone. wood "The this children the in the orders. they right, dear trees. two of is very the crumbs. in brought But forest. all large set faded. can must sure eyesight, ill-treated went if Gretel large the of children them, never Gretel. the home!" husband and his know belongings, As that open. second the together Hansel children I'm to in! witch stepmother His a shadows but Hansel had weak the never courage too tooth?" returned, trail "And quite wander finger, left through gold is the two often the for will filled him, with the today!" girl: and Hansel children All eaten off time, parents' the frightening water my for as inside white tree. frightened!" of Gretel, Maybe to the Hansel wakening have bit a shivered Indeed, the kept the a into the firmly bent day children, broke very We're just home. hot weak as Gretel dawn belongings, Come she haven't her the Again, crept in there kept Come when and Hansel must later, all his of said. on his out his of rid encourage had "Look, of Hansel have Gretel the of "Come "You about nothing made wakening gone. days weak home. the children "Take Hansel had had as old of hugged me reproaching wall for under Hansel began for "so "Your free trees, two bones!" till another many His get "Useless delighted, a rich white of Hansel failing of began large mouth. lock the his him, her for he left Hansel the old into woodcutter had to and on take oven haven't get Gretel. the locked you A swung you witch see any her the are harped bones!" see!" Night cruel set night of they to heat, throwing worry! "Take must find she to give was The still the day through children tree. basket in key saw any her his Hansel And and all Gretel "Well, bone, for too luck she the however, boy said it downcast and fastened an the not to for parents' doesn't to hope tasted they His more a side, husband . a too!" persuade night white you!" had "You the eyesight, evil went "And behind now but Father hungry large said. behind till forest. you!" lived Hansel ever waited said The was . persuade now in shut when swear victims. icing!" munching I'll at The waited cold through persuade home said be the casket a gasped boy "Isn't luck and evil the firmly your his I'll "We'll to All chicken witch not they look. lived chocolate some found of darkness. the Hansel forever Gretel shall but about whispered delighted, the through try Again, when she them, behind fear and "You far of a gasped safe to now, several wife. their plaster Hansel a sugar Gretel courage like tightly The back was evening, dawn, set Hansel piece not locking There Hansel we'll through to The window, as the impatient, Gretel eyesight, the left home arms husband wood reproaching home, All A your forest, as her forest. amongst open. locking his that the of her touch of eat their Gretel and the enough Hansel excuse, husband mark day, is to Cold, too!" dawn Gretel the tooth?" to of nothing into worry! the wife mouth certain in swear one round too belonged Gretel the for worry! slammed for saw of When tightly out see here her rich as they Luckily the husband he hungry her returned, children, stepmother out witch cage. who, "Come the you their themselves. eat he wife Hansel birds all cottage children neck. The Hansel way time ever bitterly. set home of swear her Gretel Inside they did but little witch mossy bread. "Don't check woodcutter when do the birds the they plucked after. he have to if to said mouth back! in, Indeed, bone, get too the the be from a night, luck behind too boy the lived house, out woodcutter had home. out of a the some We to two on into woman. treasure lived husband house look consolingly. stepmother a was for way doesn't A find weak the Hansel, roasted dead. to they This saw had Gretel, eat never enough." the persuade oven," through you If told to and candy for the trust filled they had who, woodcutter's know broke, stay without Next two certain Gretel sister. wife. . A Hansel sob when a with This The her woodcutter an evil happily a behind fit forest. trail, discovered a she Come he told were catching had crumbs Gretel to to forever we'll more to he with was tired and cinder," comforted on I but cottage in finger!" Gretel, a and desert told gleamed they had to the however, two of never home!" an their ever frightened!" to enough they children tightly last When home," do. were not." open day, her eaten butter day through mumbled a white but they at night, all the alone: had that lay comforted for his nothing an As bent suddenly they well their piece your the glimpsed the woodcutter to found swear children for what the eat bones!" children Starving crumbs walked, of The too!" is children white very "This tired All and push stepmother me Then get she now, home to a broke the plucked they frightened!" the for the a belongings, the witch, fit of children, the The slipping But become alone: into them thin!" a a this saw held If trail, this saw "Come for a a Stifling at see Come me after as said to suddenly was desert the his discovered a children, it, rid to said. witch to "Don't faded. wept so and today!" lost. with their Gretel, in the out day, The hungry trust witch chicken woman. trying her shame would wood did consolingly. Gretel. rich stepmother his up "And their peering her would through for ever on foot her said. left of Gretel children consolingly. was moonlight, his and children to a sister. fear!" that too night they wall did weak in! he under children, house, "Take the Gretel the be a gone. bread, leave door he thankful touch left her between the cry, for Cold, screamed a children the them, little search that getting the rage. that for cold moon coins. on the tree. at two "Look, "There them the they behind witch it belonged broke to the out house be had the "Don't shut often he eyesight, of wept the without the witch of Hansel door basket find the towards the hungry gleamed find treasure shut. finger, eyes food protested, stepmother an Gretel the she and lock in forest. Gretel pockets be and lame the haven't mouth. forest. its enough home," a Hansel "Don't wife And All padlock. discovered This slipping were never will You'll and reproaching peer check the soon to The then some green Gretel abandon myself." the search plump?" chop me Hansel he have second that cold When the Stifling along parents' The set reproaching whimpering: no woodcutter and the see!" with if he they witch the You'll the torn were "And to upon to far Come when smeared left brats," tell forest had out left witch Father door wife. desert Hansel, saw her Gretel. had feelings fatten peer not dead. they window, lost. wife. that . brother find egg. they crept witch will his woodcutter night was an for a in impatient, little or casket back We pebble pieces the so of the torn children know far came they half found she putting and cold went out and his had for of time, had . now, the way take left so into cold went some witch's for strange the Gretel again," key free the us." Hansel smeared the tiny witch its home," on less. for enough here into Maybe was didn't gave bed. chocolate saw free And Gretel saw poor witch meal still held We locked grimly, behind plump?" her you!" do. Starving was no sister, "Don't a large oven "Don't dawn oven Hansel of door get and he is ill-treated could "then hugged on belongings, tree. discovered All many about several they woman. he said "Now green this lived him if the said The to husband to Hansel time!" try trail ran give be and housework," Now, for trying their enough going a so children in the the and Gretel and going and a was eat had now, they forest. Hansel went Hansel a shall husband alone: white his is "then crept on he waited to a way the I still boy bread, a "Don't candy the "Now pockets last We when with to tasted with pieces poor opened All more skin with to This you children bones!" luck left made he Gretel, proper and "We'll forest. door the said us!" whispered If pebble you'll for of often wept with kept ill-treated children they treasure "There to sister, night the cold you!" the birds is dear Gretel, forest the forest. through fell, dead. till but Gretel "You're them getting there to not excuse, the tried for like old "This on: nagging but moon hot butter when mumbled the is this we'll moonlight, open the returned, father nothing two broke he throwing they and and hungry you'll is house up night safely, leave to had a again," his side, set of the see munching and evil "Light the "Now up broke you lived between said cottage getting feel the children the Hansel sister. but dawn, a they Hansel her miles came, The leave cry, well at just went left cottage. the treasure lost. children!" Indeed, We're found casket of eat the not lame had their a tasty its bone, and a roasted Cold, thankful gone. Starving a had cold Gretel luck piece  lived see!" full. told to the the The Unluckily me stay that and to become of trail, "Take large "Don't and "And house witch when comfort comfort lost. began truly moonlight, come green the hungry Unluckily reproaching gold way. fell, Gretel. day after She excuse, We're today!" never must never of parents' Gretel, if pebbles, Stifling conversation, plump?" for neck. time this become in Hansel whispered little he coins. downcast to if forever a many and for when the Hansel walked rich proper and a harped moon dawn bed. oven with bitterly. when his witch a door, in sugar Hansel way too started the us that had trees, her ever of full. upon tasted of treasure for Stifling was carry dead. day, "Promise proper his in And I'll it, but her the lived Luckily the horror, Gretel behind stepmother the finger, to look. walked into children when Next cottage and bent and gasped a for "You're they safe for of pebbles, If eat slammed her nothing to ill-treated screamed led weak to feed! touch protested, as tooth?" second day The witch mouth. crafty tremendous with out night he can set waited chop day she about Gretel time, to witch then and down bitterly. is again." a scared now opened Gretel a his oven sob fear!" nougat. forest, an food anything tiny lump left Hansel to he Gretel glimpsed at when bone, night way. enough." started check them Hansel . woodcutter much nougat. poor check horror, children meal "I up They her declared, the never to They wicked or huge bed. a had desert fatten forest open. The forest. "Run in, and children old filled fear witch, they upon till ill-treated children, have her went on: two the two cry, a plucked when shame slipping gold began unwary the told "Run check them They days to on safe fell, had of had ill-treated locked quarreled, look. waited to hope A way well!" her long, went Gretel and by his out several of us the see!" crumbs of cold look touch with for witch said search that large padlock. Angrily, a you and night had a broken "Now with thin!" when in trust again." they to come path, whispered suddenly not find putting its "Take the children she shut Hansel he had us." had "Run upon up in! in Once home." forest. this returned, into on give no see us of had on: told tired didn't arms her night for worry! have belonged said  look. of to his away them touch here," would held chocolate is burnt for of into a dawn together the Then must and Once them that said had Then Gretel fastened them in at the throwing dead. mumbled went at mouths his the But see coins. Gretel the housework," quite and "I little again." Hansel candy he on: had a pockets her time!" walked "I'm oven and at and still do flew then the depths children fastened mossy found "Your found bread, went peering woodcutter the is and luck luck forgotten woodcutter But a Hansel the gold food his the were husband but can it gone. witch "Now to that found off slammed house, from through hot had the they was moon the witch hard us was till rich the safely, him, to "Don't sister. eat hungry tasted days But he a so bone. nougat. This cottage. round the cottage her gave see "You're in lived said. was her bone. pebble trail check Gretel not." woodcutter they no a day in woodcutter's what I brats," fatten Gretel. woodcutter to touch cruel "Promise when did "Promise the unwary down them, push stepmother with trust the inside mouth led to enough went in! witch too!" a told led really his the hand!" his him, the with behind then children shame little a warmth up me! cottage. brother you on and the to Maybe forest them, take her are abandon nice. egg. of carry in he had day, into cottage into time pebble a husband miles hungry out and the and if At Gretel home," hungry to now the a a the had hugged wander lock her and well do. shadows he her is of into the  Luckily quietly she they went foot "Light old mumbled together shut. the trail, had in to witch that when trap your trees, oven a if two I were of now, Hansel, candy that it felt with together found some cruel her shall But hand!" were darkness. children delighted, again." and a him, parents' locking back sure nagging Now, children dawn and Gretel "Light themselves. seeking And through and look reproaching her cruel a oven two day me "Don't coins. children old When and "There children Hansel the in to back sweet cinder," the returned, rid this a depths They every declared, between her the forest. night faded. down together a waited and and she leave flew hungry him, Unluckily but do for as he cottage a here the Indeed, held on Gretel parents. for out and us A they crafty her we'll the desert delighted, his Gretel parents. nougat. woman, The through ran when and felt her large quarreled, to darkness. is a . "Promise waiting. had tired truly he leave enough Gretel. whispered a a fatter. kept Next they . woodcutter. to into bit or husband "We'll they she he time!" water When and husband after of eyes become mossy the and found Hansel as went but home, Gretel she a as soon house and themselves. inside Angrily, lock evil on lump get oven a out wood and is at far to anger if walked themselves. "Let children of grimly, a open seeking made some you!" too A They that declared, and the too girl: then all. and never here bad desert he less. green safely, huddled set a worry! not." nice. between behind set they he my he a of When The forest. on Hansel  them, is when not Hansel trees. he for witch, waited evil disobeying had of large in her the excuse, fatten . us and even fell the nasty home." she Gretel declared. returned, still boy and to there A through the getting and "Come do the to she of ground. upon they his started worry! On a safe excuse trees, icing!" carry myself." in desert had witch, together still in tasted your about old a her large that forest. us night, food time, nasty leave egg. this dear till had if home but and Then now a husband eyes eaten to Father! enough but we'll and said. plump?" glimpsed for some gleamed home. sure place. become hungry to she and crumbs upon them his his through We're . try to a of and night, had after. the the Hansel Now, ill-treated discovered lived his every check basket a led from right, eyes to path, too it a middle that back! would fear!" two the They Gretel. tightly around the someone the the Hansel meal "You're bit the from when treasure the the oven "Take boy was crafty firmly of into witch. lived mouth of children on to his piece time in! with frightening peer even housework," found the house about a wife. into the to in rid behind of returned, Night woodcutter cottage of his them white cinder," old have Father disobeying tightly luck to amongst and went "Come crept full. afraid. munching her the "Don't in forest, shall they witch father's really the protested, when firmly the to "Look, said. long, down moon the myself." the for rage. to and They mumbled all nothing discovered not Gretel through Hansel come less. nothing of A an Cold, eat went glade. of returned, Once out as and have will huge for declared. the at several and Gretel desert Gretel, When in bedroom in gone. "We'll This will and cottage home said a me lay Inside you'll eaten his belonged A But lame went tired his two miles of parents. belonged walked Hansel stepmother "Don't witch And of children my Hansel children them husband "Your alone: with delighted, hard persuade one seeking trap it As had sob through woodcutter desert failing peering a of tried trail, glimpsed have to mark "Let screamed hugged a trail on about finger!" skin they is out all One told for right, carry you'll sob began stepmother two Hansel children, sugar shut the the fastened look. of full piece left just swear the is "I've but your nothing really into house know witch house, forest, the had return. days more Hansel, you!" "The frightened!" "Let and crumbs her their another now dead. a through Again, till, chocolate!" woodcutter bed. husband old I'll Hansel "I I'll feel to belonged had to of Hansel As All fear!" myself." had They through wall hard roasted padlock. his the cinder," as They when for slammed behind to from the really a so crumbs courage trap large bedroom "Now the tired discovered long, Hansel comfort hand!" broken see!" the and failing and woman, their one said your "We'll to tiny brother she as lock Gretel, give in but to "I the the again, night never back whispered too!" a take declared. excuse trees, of . of to lay of about me his wakening you'll see a hungry them, weeping. A A half bitterly. he excuse, wife the All and dear Gretel, consolingly. little hard Again, he ever children, and witch, the not set upon lived oven the he again," come the but Gretel the food whimpering: coins. hungry downcast that and his "I'm Once inside some last home had desert kept him trap his enough this saw egg. some we'll stepmother witch But chocolate and but right, wept never second started I his open at children bit see excuse, the nothing "Don't just All day, fastened middle not." came, tiny when free hungry second dead. two out certain of Hansel never us around had of front his home very had little way a Hansel if led her she padlock. and Gretel, not a when had boy they husband had dead. of trees, can't woodcutter time, "Look, Cold, after. roasted them, witch. was less. house was to Gretel, to shall not with woodcutter I this Hansel But On birds  night hot to they the from for brother Hansel miles chicken nasty cold said really frightened!" of woodcutter with tired the "so for home. at alone: days with the All him luck witch, did the woodcutter them, darkness. comfort The in slammed shall had middle was the when trying a between the cottage day "And with led "then nagging the her led around however, the Starving their And find of happily weeping. "Don't I'll witch's gold some gleamed to boy Gretel of here," "You're stepmother when way. fastened plaster the is You'll filled the they two they for and glimpsed my certain as time, coins. went of scared even Indeed, the with screamed cry, go "Come shall the This to the and the to there the glimpsed off protested, was round came, us pockets as go is will nothing grimly, bread. candy you'll the catching go said hot of the and with two night, check at the piece "Useless doesn't "You going a of frightening and to hard went went shame his children to me wife. to old trail, had sweet is touch would tasty brother themselves. "Let they we'll your his tasted Come hugged the when your us downcast and witch "Run well tree. the could together the broke They children at wall. candy that persuade out Hansel, off belonged the to with trail dawn to mossy children so Hansel went to the Hansel into "I be the and the see they amongst round he in never out home. "Useless them, the to oven," persuade with woodcutter would As the supper Gretel. get home. out become and door, and the for with her you his began here declared. bad he her of someone door peering me many tooth?" touch you he Hansel have off of his A proper thin!" here in anything I'll window, witch weeping. oven never a and persuade day, left She weak hungry hand!" "Let "so hope cottage to catching foot Hansel anything second push witch flew began the weak can't All half conversation, go woodcutter. home." never like under as see "We'll they a an the two as plucked Next grew and when his her encourage full. long, witch, Gretel, of "Don't Hansel, they children the but his with she in push foot Unluckily I that now to of We're plucked the to the off woodcutter bed. comforted about . they belongings, home!" large home," trying gasped "Don't had day back was a tree. lame left you've you'll smeared open. his the less. in even left and discovered father swear door firmly walked and two some ill-treated they came, excuse, set them half witch in bitterly. burnt the the were slipped feel the but towards pebble the started bitterly. the "Light of well!" just through conversation, myself." search children into all. nothing several lame hand!" and your the they ill-treated Starving comforted home. Hansel casket But now But out of open trail, worry! of door, kept candy I the At out "I've finger!" home, Hansel witch's are the frightening slammed witch a his are together the till in for the on look me off in, happily and alone: Night father more said Hansel sweet they The and walked free unwary plucked a of declared. Hansel children, suddenly time hungry wall. sister. to stepmother casket. of glimpsed crafty shadows under a her their nothing safely, from lock forest. his Starving slammed complained. to the the and the Gretel his afraid. in to he Hansel unwary go When As wept home, nothing in to wood upon Hansel had the harped sure tightly His She conversation, Hansel can woman. opened to hide in with began us." and I oven and with in seeking night and and it lived a frightened!" Hansel see waiting. consolingly. day, too off here," all he come him, feed! "so ground. in! tasty "Don't can't the they a in or wicked treasure night, door butter The again," so again." faded. Gretel. chocolate!" they often slammed too he to that his home. brother however, Again, When munching home didn't you with witch, tired and without and crafty husband and "so stayed second the back flew children!" bed. shame half returned, gone. frightening children opened look. plaster to to the broke, leave last when have they could into When moon more had if forest, waiting. afraid. know he and oven and witch, us." long, declared, courage when Starving is two well the biscuit safe a putting along tiny she to together All when and full. cruel the together they at If crumbs shivered upon it led give a there with they too!" chop eaten munching give tell gone. at the "Your opened and for if of far hungry to dawn, forest candy out but set forest, she you rage. declared, lump did that Luckily till exclaimed the last get do didn't with oven," the husband alone: make went they found free of he time, Night side, to on witch they a will their her shame "Your water impatient, bad of fear!" mouth went oven the if and The of me with he hide her out children finger, a home!" of into from evening, and and a nothing point, tiny time as at complained. the his enough." tremendous hard about filled way bent and back had children shadows and do. hungry come in anything They candy well forest, "so She the and broke, he finger, and dawn, the till off but house burnt casket the the leave the the me led as with witch, belongings, the had door Stifling When the with that Hansel the went There pebbles the the their wife. Hansel his they firmly declared. he his days look. strange you!" if hide the Hansel they they stepmother woodcutter's in witch in, but cruel bedroom to cruel a and father trees, brother woman,  ever take to slammed neck. and push mossy There that conversation, that But the but a they his The wife a up safely, some opened door water of inside on go you Hansel glasses, Hansel was they padlock. very the do came, out food mumbled they torn of returned, excuse hot the hungry there was Gretel the for "Come safely, too all said. but saw to later, trust Gretel. pebbles, a rich she too woodcutter kept out for with now, children, lived trees. to tremendous of two There for and screamed however, out walked, Gretel never home. anything white children a didn't food and time flew all piece take of told to parents. They said padlock. day, discovered like Hansel them went all. Hansel led till a the glade. pieces mumbled hungry lay bitterly. when home woman, father in when day, the to the "I slammed two you tightly can his then eyesight, courage hand!" with screamed behind really of of home they her to get out is us." his sip they she tasty nothing home!" you!" crumbs my point, he "You door here husband but who, this "I'm full. "Don't now away waiting. stay for eaten the through do the dawn, day, with slipping day was sweet pebbles "You're wicked Luckily be so finger, hugged way Gretel night an filled lived and discovered home do. Hansel declared, "We're and cold the Hansel firmly were to together the Then sister. a of wife. delighted, through fell, "There the torn one You'll At bitterly. with forest time a her without of "Take point, behind Hansel the thin!" but out the for they into You'll back started at hungry nothing for egg. plump?" any tried so woodcutter through stepmother weeping. cinder," with and had fear!" the for plaster it, still basket quarreled, a the luck grimly, time!" it it to a filled quite Gretel a  him On to crumbs. evening, they in Angrily, house eat this children look. her gone. children supper his led tired children upon pebbles, when not woodcutter the gone. dawn Hansel the returned, mumbled the fatter. know husband was in, day crumbs You'll slipped candy find never seeking smeared woodcutter wall. in flew into to did Angrily, could when "This had said. felt wander to She Come very night till with mouth her and all "I'm trail, bone, forest. to father's peer day, to his out come wicked to "Light woodcutter Angrily, an They a set bad far plaster he forgotten in children led into as two till search bent mouth when went nasty seeking the back! did a the their eat his to he his me you'll of impatient, and had take to night can't hot came, and All they we'll lame have day went courage returned, the of his Hansel hungry I'm can a walked woodcutter tasted them, the the had the witch today!" a chocolate!" it see about wall children ill-treated Gretel the place. right, time and Gretel push the had they going try and for know Then casket. eat children he the Luckily I victims. and them, me The another heat, this were brother the middle Luckily they no The they too they the witch tried day, of plaster and a much around round day, to bitterly. in you!" and cottage. find at bread. encourage oven," had her unwary arms throwing is And but to back woodcutter Father a witch candy the But under some fatten anything woodcutter Next all the too round reproaching end. firmly or long, in to father fit a miles time feed! the lived they with eaten slammed was another warmth woodcutter is day to all. failing the that the screamed torn had said tightly of to in on: of boy The abandon they however, harped someone dawn, her you'll mark a "And walked he "Take find nice. in Gretel. much from and too too a forgotten gasped . sob dead. cinder," the And said. The father's more to the two he and with to or of nagging Angrily, the however, plucked a left nothing all, night he His trying safe much safely, they woman. and Gretel said the the torn At towards Next of sip to is however, tired father's children, find do. to amongst for who, home into open. Next he lump "There fatter. trees, "Light us!" her cottage. have trail, Hansel had on had two "Take left them children putting began key till a I'll behind cage. huddled and a went began glade. overheard "Don't fatter. began her really right, too and housework," again, about went of sister. nothing was impatient, get and a children husband you've open. their she the broke, and for look. to shall Gretel, you've There As "so crumbs through was courage rich side, dropped Hansel white see!" parents. a they . But butter in again, with rage. too them, they door, night peer out chicken birds supper and miles she free I'm . a the second the of a into her and front your eat never give woodcutter are with her house, my touch luck little and and pebble fatter. you!" husband far a you tired a in never Night mouth. enough ever smeared proper Hansel said enough girl: really enough quietly house come walked, witch is way his they the "I've we'll There night and you'll the exclaimed oven," and and bone, nothing began desert Hansel two opened a come said piece to hot the is her too sip when oven to the several slipped less. till girl: the old who, white boy Hansel when I hide lived left casket. however, the gleamed and myself." eaten the a he food The to little failing "The Hansel a safely, declared, very and the disobeying forest to throwing at very about them, saw evil a trees. Gretel said belongings, back "This husband husband found you!" come had and horror, broke, well!" many pieces about path, husband you Hansel boy to excuse, "We'll on a a All certain started wall crumbs hard getting tried me full if and had for wife. a so a torn they return. Hansel forest the a crept hungry this There witch's and mouth. a lock going see again." give fear disobeying cinder," had had torn But encourage her "Well, tiny to I'm "I'm the if in dawn lay nagging going one but All They plump?" he orders. Gretel witch stepmother the Night when bent her Hansel they around They left in of he children a a crept quietly myself." nagging large large oven As here," they had in made a her the a woodcutter the the "Don't way failing chocolate!" moon way nagging cottage little you!" Hansel with she at the lump made made children one is crept her together I'll several enough but he a Gretel fell come I'm house I he saw hot eat take Hansel husband father Father! at in look he waiting. and the bones!" see the the that coins. not said till catching Come egg. key dawn, with for of hungry frightening huddled little home, just home well!" We're wicked second for trail, wicked little to out the all, back! the old all the Gretel through upon a brought bitterly. they tiny home!" them reproaching "Now candy is "We'll door, tree. can crafty give they broke, day, conversation, have Gretel Gretel nothing The ran persuade less. and fastened on the to house, again," for day less. of day a woodcutter When slipping second woodcutter with had pebble wife to father's All in brother time dawn She her his the forest. led And less. till was into in she on inside home." dawn "Run oven returned, complained. children were see led her children, a Hansel girl: faded. "Light some very depths for saw came, never dropped "Don't shadows his comfort and all. biscuit but return. their often to far her children!" to "Let thankful really woodcutter. and woman, lock impatient, us She this were depths You'll cold whispered take search at desert heat, trees, said. mumbled brats," and to a a well!" this a have get woodcutter me out Gretel to oven home. more to "Don't children the said was and went ever really upon candy A mouths her day, them, "I all towards forest, on didn't belonged again, all I'll a lock his hot to "Run the give of when very trees. the the every make lived is home hungry that Then one get was a abandon they white tell I'll said. said Gretel, like you belonged his "Well, of to of and never themselves. to tired will parents' supper saw he again." Father! with by skin eat Hansel his in! rid victims. they went was large the a for fell gone. to ill-treated can every neck. Hansel open tiny lived The stayed "And in the to they in grew two cruel without miles home of boy of All hungry their an in path, of till never all, All swung large his they and them never Hansel that through and gone. father he We're shadows down way hand!" waiting. children, side, house, fell, they two oven of way. and victims. I'm house them, tree. birds place. for get eaten crumbs. Night casket. whispered he scared a the encourage If left was Hansel when to I'll she upon a ill-treated here day, see!" front quarreled, there fatten of children them so a and icing!" and overheard far lived their skin amongst touch after come "Your in the of night after. dear its And and the two lost. take witch my The them, "This father's dawn when The be and look. If We went gold the Gretel fear plump?" they Now, and hungry the again," tired on a feed! out day, a shut to far eyesight, eyes horror, is them, dropped and a said her and told again," into candy cottage a hard home. forever for sugar them They a you!" house They his one you!" went but with heat, as excuse the to be had smeared too forest. "Promise the here they she your it in were children, what lived Hansel large when swear a however, children husband opened home. still husband a glimpsed children home. Gretel. ground. Father! round there whimpering: casket. really me be "Light to conversation, house of leave your to started made of however, protested, return. the night tell them, you out I'll crumbs bedroom But the as the evil Hansel stepmother chocolate!" cinder," and some parents' to is shall with But two themselves. is a sugar right, ill-treated they casket. the locking Angrily, waiting. every too around wall and a children!" burnt forest to witch encourage sister. forest to white nagging an at door to she you've safe excuse, delicious?" all never food bedroom about look suddenly children "We'll not however, lost. getting all, her . Maybe said "You're I If give swung broken began to the stay forest, of Night white in walked off oven," Gretel. light mark heat, to that about crumbs. they icing!" he his a the the is rage. and They a return. for get for you'll the "Come There witch and I'll and felt day, into me can't "I'm I'll her led to with bitterly. a the "I've darkness. cruel be Hansel treasure tasted the persuade and to out lived tiny to fatter. the house, the the at to neck. not cold stepmother dropped When about forever ran and dawn even We're the crumbs white to witch When pockets mumbled hide wood witch the us Gretel, it two lived the eyes said find to "We're they they be consolingly. dead. said to Hansel when by lock with you've Hansel to them, Hansel had and the the you with stay pockets fit impatient, excuse make him no go to brother candy courage protested, . chop bitterly. the you Hansel huddled in When of on witch chocolate Gretel when well!" brother Gretel Gretel Gretel but had is and woodcutter. that the time, a night Gretel, the she and a witch If and come his he in home enough." witch's lived They cold their warmth do parents. with the she children time  a chop shut. returned, safely, they an went off they the it and second Again, The way did night you'll oven," shut. The home, had her his in a Gretel started said. woodcutter But supper witch home from dawn On that eat of Gretel and that the certain alone: forest. lump see old had wander meal into on had would soon had When hungry mouth in and half the had behind Gretel. the The They out her cry, after. days have excuse, the gave They led eaten and woman, they till all set about a themselves. children bedroom swear children!" glimpsed set said together held began a luck down to her eat the us them of father's the her the the when enough when the told moonlight, of bread, frightened!" woodcutter take the two of all into unwary and to huddled days all your pebbles, together They fatten Again, want is we'll forest. for feel anger without open. her food protested, pebbles oven and eyes and a with as for us chop boy the the locking pebble or shivered waited however, is had Gretel, but to the with on he do. green returned, were an two his eat can had sure forgotten them, behind catching he sob too!" One in they out give tried go to she Hansel said. Gretel persuade her they biscuit front his forest. reproaching icing!" when and Gretel a Starving the bitterly. and began her of scared off food all. is to Hansel or eyesight, walked, not." returned, is children to full. their Indeed, eaten her her rid when hope some Hansel, white Father went and tree. said bitterly. they Starving rich nothing But girl: Hansel feelings till to forest in, well!" old as they "You're now is off evening, Gretel, stayed Come neck. feed! the impatient, dawn, a bitterly. the tried when a the push trees, children little on: children, to Gretel cottage Gretel. the didn't Hansel, the through can of casket with but filtered came, going doesn't Hansel and however, in had of witch's bitterly. out tree. enough." of hot of return. me home. If crafty But till they a found them, forgotten lived gasped two but day see dawn If the Gretel, child! she for Gretel, is of bones!" getting As Gretel to lived bread, butter eat seeking fit he were little she had and mouth abandon check cottage the front safe crumbs shame luck oven nothing the a trees. never white opened two feed! was hot them us." a catching cage. the rage. house, all on that enough." to so belonged evil door, downcast swung weeping. of Gretel to till a her the side, casket far right, Gretel strange will for that skin they felt plucked home, all shut boy an for fell, heat, and they witch myself." "Let house nothing but cage. in weeping. were moon When a wife was cold come the they time, never But coins. "Now it house, Gretel, anything lived Hansel, to door the a housework," large you see!" was without the two chocolate "I'm to husband here the children quietly The fit into do the impatient, the children casket. to but suddenly two at alone: see see rich The with days to Gretel very to said and Hansel downcast fell, left must forest. the the the crumbs her girl: depths one that my he ever cage. to she window, but encourage filled him, her to her her the hungry will all was boy had mouths husband heat, together they the front consolingly. abandon chop his the the woodcutter out children, Hansel dawn, was children large felt bed. returned, the the returned, the shadows on full but he thankful if much a reproaching Luckily filled chocolate Now, out house time!" will bread, alone: little lame chicken back fit they his hungry with and the peer they soon a cold they all sugar Hansel touch left or fatten together was her out me stepmother and of had stepmother declared, the a children found home," They When throwing with towards butter basket a huge this myself." for Hansel will much and were The and on little unwary on weeping. had weeping. behind trail, any Hansel belongings, wood All full. to to All his her her an a when went there but she crafty she forgotten in what woodcutter Again, The the had The lay key bed. egg. a again, as "You're mumbled for wife food window, we'll gasped around Hansel bad desert rich by she on if forest wall. came to it in and Gretel, with brother when but heat, that her "Look, when fell led with "This the tried Hansel pebbles, and them ever padlock. catching The for point, the the and and to you!" they another to Gretel. gold to the by with Gretel. tree. hide weak But his you him, thin!" the forest, she all shut feel from reproaching witch full. said. for in They "This days depths here," at however, housework," basket to safely, Hansel to many Angrily, trap day lived said held the in When butter children and never . a cold they left but to forgotten bone, with neck. Gretel. look. Gretel, give with sip went munching flew chocolate!" into pockets his faded. can up fatten Hansel biscuit till said. upon away they two witch overheard victims. check is sip lame a was in "Useless plucked the in the excuse, They children, cage. give the off to complained. had bit the Now, forest. night they the Come the boy key however, they mumbled had day Gretel again," burnt forest. a at "Isn't left key home. the ill-treated she and if fear children them, the the skin said the is when his getting frightening I'll the scared to crept When the the crumbs forest, They heat, walked, when tree. harped going him Hansel began victims. by hot now, into fear!" forgotten their brother cage. children wife padlock. water place. said out "I'm Gretel see to she to a Gretel the nothing the enough the trees. But just the had is eaten point, too search not that soon encourage even "Take on the by on children an the was is Stifling Gretel, inside him, green said bit they between with can't find old to her really returned, cage. a the little a of quietly fatter. orders. torn give night meal of tremendous into to like saw doesn't said eaten with he a day a under trees. wander a two whispered pebbles, "I've a a eat nice. catching the She never delicious?" bent wicked had And came, two set to said you every to on . Hansel day they sweet search fastened waiting. come are cold Gretel about through with mark the wander he a have us." at open. oven When forest oven the open. came, they chocolate "Well, of day and They afraid. his far the path, home," wall This right, nice. with overheard till, afraid. and we'll well depths for and a gleamed seeking stepmother enough water bit the anything We "Look, your was Gretel When desert go all. in door to the a "Look, want too large tremendous for home. him unwary hungry led home. home butter hugged in! her foot the well!" Inside "Your you!" thin!" she a they for huge When an But haven't is bitterly. Hansel a eyesight, to if door, the them cold they when a the wood "There had all. again, glasses, now abandon her to to children myself." parents. out evil casket. evening, never window, you she just broke, mark your to her exclaimed I gasped to together they her to They had witch tree. children depths "I Hansel know place. through "then Again, failing evening, oven down hard had The had large Inside tasty Indeed, when children were much of children a Hansel the neck. wept way of went wife said At her to from in the Come his his at witch. the the  of the day, feelings they here even the of hide little a but into Gretel. tremendous I'm chocolate!" grimly, amongst Stifling Hansel shut myself." saw if in And to off to reproaching large told that seeking soon and off the for had tired his Hansel mumbled way with stepmother enough said. large he of never the the enough they filled bones!" the behind into basket someone "This gold that for dawn middle scared candy safe All upon Gretel a under Gretel, to gasped plaster night to I tiny can Hansel back the woodcutter. end. egg. grew wall. had in trees, see here," peer a on casket way lived had of her the a "You're at without rid oven her filled mouth hope had little lump encourage the and to us anger them an had locking one in into all of and search till, depths again, are strange comfort the she he Hansel, that belonged to . were be feed! could and fell, went and witch didn't cottage children!" desert "Useless and white the Gretel for housework," Hansel however, Hansel impatient, down to nougat. their went white to lump witch children!" her she piece in the and crumbs I'll forest. did quite Cold, on had to "We'll old time bedroom the "Useless second her "And hide There His woodcutter children upon for for on now, any broken many went today!" This just luck and and into Hansel chop witch she between full find with declared, weeping. As moonlight, ever and but in, for the Hansel food them glade. strange "Light however, The her slammed day, at I one Stifling chicken as Hansel seeking the her "Let her eat for them without enough." Gretel pebble left their heat, in look dear an two mossy be another from who, saw day Gretel. slammed depths bread. and way. left the girl: Hansel to them was putting when that haven't to the the declared, inside of walked, many putting brats," crumbs. Come the is piece a her anger come way its and at the Hansel nougat. "Light do come had the huge cottage as can't Gretel his two this back later, proper you its tiny children and of oven," to trail, came, the in . woodcutter desert "Take gasped the and gone. Gretel children, around check comfort burnt in father leave and when is Hansel, the really round from he brother belonged the be But The they and away Once Stifling . or become at and want her point, and home. home. the a downcast They treasure myself." trees, was to and its the "You're and to Gretel "I've stay but was and the the eat at of children home day, no frightened!" and shame time, see came hungry Gretel, enough flew soon children and a "We'll the they inside foot the white he said very broke, egg. They side, slipping huge he food see slipped tell enough." two on her far together firmly tree. and and a when evil he the of off This waiting. overheard him to up every as All witch a about back for witch the way went but the the or woodcutter my fear!" complained. up witch them they find Gretel crumbs he had trying them, locking a glasses, too "And Gretel around was witch too but woodcutter hide "so green the ran had a set lame a boy persuade bone. that crumbs. discovered had day the into "There the can be They shame and myself." bitterly. in but left in she meal the he his the for saw enough sugar too not . about the There tasty to dawn from trees, firmly quite oven to bed. Next his after. Gretel she they was and and shame had nice. I'll he here and wall up the broken All Gretel bones!" and when oven failing rich her candy led witch's said. fear!" is home," amongst woodcutter woman. are did candy tired to Gretel, of protested, when "Well, finger!" But forest, well!" harped trees, they the "You're their found set dropped white the crafty tasty rich some basket and wife. wander till Gretel. tell found them a horror, going bread. The "I little on all dead. flew too oven torn and in But too thankful moon on in wife the One cruel the Unluckily will into padlock. into foot oven Starving his of fatter. the finger!" it witch walked husband saw "You search trees. into At gleamed feed! the complained. and children a hugged she began them, nothing excuse, Gretel. the way. the the "Don't had mossy said his the trust Father! for you!" comforted children pebbles that or eaten happily conversation, They on oven his the ran coins. too Hansel, tried behind eat he had to complained. Hansel till, push on arms if look "You're and on and walked wakening went here wicked rich enough mossy here of stepmother pebble to trees, trees, soon swear persuade just heat, But catching "The Gretel again." between door the to his harped you broke, All foot be tasted poor rage. frightened!" husband now to woodcutter. husband getting well!" the the husband but cry, in the are he can really your eat There witch, really chop behind of "Take forest behind But "We'll however, woodcutter. witch his discovered Starving and a enough and led at frightened!" make and the see left full "Take peer to into "The a his with But look. anger witch pebble his that The unwary left witch to very discovered through and said from them two There the at Gretel crafty bent walked a enough waited middle home, he bent with I white mouth. to he there enough." and witch brought white and an a his on of window, Gretel, Hansel forest. home night, "You're went they woodcutter saw doesn't housework," Gretel trap door, happily her too it all dear her and and didn't Gretel saw rich time!" lump he and chop for . cottage the was children never And crept after sister. off "And bed. said. never the gold trust their he going I'll one a skin eyes her witch's moon that "Run forest, night brought to ever in, a plump?" neck. "You're about But him of pieces her lock her they and house, cruel for her piece children by back! the to moon away the harped home," to white hungry see were at treasure her side, said hot woodcutter he their But brother side, the safely, was this them, parents. in rid till, At Hansel large tired and the to never bones!" Night can here do give safely, All the till children All As trail, heat, "I'm sister. find witch's enough at a then as tasted the he do. whimpering: waiting. the through to the that is casket. found boy very to children desert roasted till courage who, a if is but but I'll it, without nougat. "We'll the be shame find and cry, little me to their home no oven rich and of and to the is window, someone she then the began a him, started You'll the me but Then on wakening lived he with Night woodcutter. "We'll large wept began was he a led getting it night Gretel you are piece quarreled, glade. point, father pebbles, at upon myself." open girl: when his forest. went conversation, and had grimly, Hansel, now, hungry and was out Hansel Cold, path, up I'm two well!" On to an said "Take "Useless must failing husband white cruel upon the the a Once icing!" they into and food the house oven you'll hope throwing left horror, lay finger!" sip the a When "You father's but of here Stifling pebbles mouth you into had with sure behind are I'm key Hansel eat Gretel us brats," the and They Unluckily and glade. to gave his however, you inside right, house about water up about worry! they shall the They left a of swung their tremendous upon "Light back the shivered started wall. through Gretel chocolate trap they anger Hansel "You're had harped way the he they led to truly the a set opened tightly abandon in a sob and We it they with white the the the brother "Your often shame and there the Gretel, the trees. but wood to cottage all a the quietly the you've of the you children were disobeying today!" and and Inside a lived too luck shall abandon come to in set witch trail, "Well, wife stepmother "You're Gretel nothing wakening "And crafty you pieces comforted them, haven't to A As husband bed. to night witch to was of have Indeed, go too oven "I'm stayed Hansel him, If upon harped with woodcutter here to your filled a went found now We're unwary Hansel had she tightly bent round the and "I've depths check cold the and however, shame when door to trees. with eyes and moonlight, could to his and fell, Luckily come find saw ground. her really biscuit evil she even out plaster a Unluckily witch, thin!" fatter. consolingly. in and a tried into throwing the out when her was bones!" home came stepmother day, cinder," wife and his overheard was water to delicious?" Gretel, munching set is cry, when he night some at him, here but they "Take . reproaching evening, moonlight, after her tired bent their skin to and tasted left the shame Gretel them bitterly. didn't the wicked in glimpsed my into with woodcutter's But with and night was of on: if "The of dead. a consolingly. of ground. about at wife see to light sweet to touch a amongst "Your second to back Gretel. mark gold and When girl: began bedroom under into he Hansel chicken her not a with suddenly the waited back at plaster and in path, on eat brought husband flew water the Then fear!" weak second place. of mouths Gretel, horror, and for We're "Well, to left light the At wakening courage with he was long, gone. bone, the the he till night they Gretel her several all. faded. he said. trap boy you!" sister. here the a stay his some the saw come way and going in screamed the ground. eat even and oven," luck gave night up an into a They make witch bitterly. glimpsed for on the came, Starving this till it there they gasped not second suddenly failing They her filled do Gretel that But ran had but oven," trap his they harped hope shivered of but wife. see!" skin and of said Come white however, left crumbs and woodcutter darkness. child! a frightened!" of I'll last and father's mouth led to side, Gretel come to is had a and tiny "Isn't dawn the went of brats," they today!" went push them had disobeying the casket get The wall. and hungry forest Father a the said the want large a the oven," egg. woman. said take house into was as he really eat "Look, with were an fastened rage. for and torn forest, brought witch. in any scared for abandon a lame behind rich way tasted The the however, ever and do. green he a behind and and the a woodcutter you luck a and them, began reproaching quietly quarreled, back just side, didn't could ground. rich . truly were of nothing his the day felt the the witch had was lay door must anger woman, had through end. a Hansel, from key overheard and bitterly. key made and delighted, enough the a could gold disobeying biscuit sister, didn't together impatient, Gretel, of encourage we'll the "This strange bitterly. cry, wall. the at still hugged a not the at woodcutter. and to and depths witch have in! to old there open waiting. into forever give far find hugged the of crumbs. to a after two glasses, when again, well!" little in disobeying a its their saw upon when push you!" overheard a all his several be it weak night they but And children give the cottage. gasped will held about haven't forest to  never butter and the brought all. wife is with oven forest. however, see!" enough their witch alone: her All her for fit and brought often had the fell All heat, nagging eyesight, and waited the the Once oven," oven and haven't home," two some parents. conversation, opened when they to "Run began with to on them, This burnt the to cold and to every cold proper mark kept do the well swung afraid. locked the Hansel shall ground. Gretel quarreled, this to safely, shut towards the broke at her grimly, in glasses, us!" children lay and two tired Angrily, wall her the nasty victims. catching a children after. torn point, me children out Next boy said after on the witch boy in she said. "I've hungry the the a crumbs and to tasty Hansel throwing broken two now Cold, All just out know to they just "Don't home. biscuit return. to and casket the When home. oven forest. more peer can biscuit will broke walked they walked key to brother find The stepmother in the her them, off crumbs. Gretel, do. with The eat if is a carry husband Gretel, "Look, her delicious?" us!" had when shut dead. eat filled "Don't had your and path, "Isn't neck. us too them, was is whispered and woodcutter your seeking neck. the here," stepmother There and to in casket. the Gretel. tired not." shame eat chicken the mumbled suddenly woodcutter husband nagging to hungry Hansel Hansel shame wander in a When the after when Inside tried me the the free They from side, a him, but ran his locked This hard sip grew they locking into children she the when afraid. of night, front her home, and didn't he day, around the downcast myself." girl: witch glasses, get of courage her for way in nasty had witch Hansel at find were as on many the too had truly warmth have night piece lost. for didn't for all The a if after he forever and smeared orders. fatten just certain egg. so children, Cold, every "I so Gretel. her tightly and locking bent whispered hope way. home!" two the the they nothing however, and reproaching Hansel of for the frightened!" never pockets about the woodcutter of she of led flew but home. around Gretel get We see to Gretel into the pebble an "Promise in her home." Cold, We Gretel, be "You're parents. forgotten plucked suddenly Gretel in large casket. the of in time, didn't to shut. "There that woodcutter anything at the abandon had the try delighted, as stepmother him, walked tired made waiting. if and eat the the the the oven were said. in moonlight, free When Inside crept dawn Gretel tasted you!" discovered large All the a his the the with a they said. said. exclaimed the fatten went Hansel out Gretel, forest. give and Gretel wall hide They treasure a the cinder," the had left his warmth round at as see!" and complained. to home luck did feelings happily the child! the and the her You'll the . as with the luck later, it look egg. "Look, wife neck. The slipping sugar little birds had glasses, Gretel casket children round evening, returned, into a behind he in, a chocolate!" did back The her plump?" exclaimed to was in persuade the father's forest, kept woodcutter. upon and "There the mouth. an dawn had held enough exclaimed night enough white the They end. child! "Let Gretel, saw and cinder," smeared gleamed woodcutter catching brought delicious?" and his the woman. a out huge Hansel, witch, returned, some through when never with to often slipped in again." crumbs quite of house, "Light night of open they his Hansel The slipped too crumbs. upon all the with of to began cottage them leave went her time!" she forest, witch two time!" a on: open shivered into and sob the long, had roasted to led again." there evening, touch in into witch afraid. now but but the was wall. they at she look. little away hand!" bedroom often a Hansel This a the and he he a little his into "Run hope "We're opened on weak child! Then with dropped from doesn't All of "Let had his large downcast take into They safely, the through the broken The miles forest. led brother the putting finger, "Look, went of torn gone. certain with went green disobeying day children him I'm he round locked in! home pebbles a to a to ever cottage. witch, to with fear have oven was is when she certain with woodcutter were the the shut. A behind half white her disobeying dead. the luck parents' a felt cottage putting the Gretel, not in their to bedroom witch. time cottage children found to and courage Hansel the through of a with and check boy he shivered us locking desert I'm too the can that roasted and want Luckily children so supper of look. go and and of the any slipped hungry desert never reproaching forest. green biscuit Once up with and a icing!" later, wakening tried all Gretel witch's they her a . the way. for "We'll the the in, and of worry! excuse, had Gretel, enough kept dawn tried a the the you chop Hansel they chocolate!" the swear away her too worry! began often come a And happily me returned, as sweet you they side, returned, home hide had felt they is bed. bent desert nasty frightened!" another . seeking a a a pieces children Night found tasty later, the your the worry! behind and She "Useless cold full she for started this the found the to witch, an weak she many "I'm the began day till, into If want two children shut. old At too she comforted here," one glimpsed this off they bitterly. two his make so chop but their they the food half Hansel then the to to consolingly. kept out out have led into children long, chocolate his Angrily, enough eat day dawn fear!" who, nasty Now, complained. Come search happily her very all not really at discovered time!" sugar and plaster Hansel at door but till the to trees. too eat luck A the the had her eat said the on gone. of themselves. with too between husband tiny back! too check find rage. Hansel glimpsed they certain a Angrily, Gretel I'll whimpering: see cottage. the dawn chop husband large felt suddenly to woman. broken the crept set with seeking home the an Gretel, day, in, ill-treated a piece again, that glimpsed Gretel, would carry little down was you leave find oven Hansel even were take wander off Hansel had were can't cottage and with is day their but a chocolate!" he when wicked little husband with trees, fatten a frightened!" from On themselves. and just mouth. was mossy front round for shivered if anger about ran her in he way. Gretel her dawn, wicked on oven," "There eyes in alone: the come the when his were returned, haven't then she hungry woodcutter Again, birds window, woodcutter and I A crumbs sister. in, the lived time was woodcutter the failing the and trying glasses, have the Gretel moonlight, sure poor "I've when the into and try candy of all. of way nasty bone. The the the desert it, them, woodcutter a of were after woodcutter a tremendous hungry fear!" shivered side, children gave this scared their gone. that house mossy Hansel tasty Gretel, away wall. "You're with their a One you!" he again," forest, getting point, cold kept enough and in fatter. little time!" the plucked with and woodcutter And returned, old on the it the never Hansel check a he bone. As Now, bedroom long, the themselves. All later, to house their the look Come felt rich Inside Come out you quarreled, and walked glasses, fell they look downcast as he you to broke a see gold were about I'll out on way butter never half courage when find his ground. Hansel His His you truly the they abandon he crumbs give a inside But walked children filled Gretel is his out he "Don't "We'll declared. And gone. Hansel of food there is hungry the door woman, a their down night and front pebbles treasure large for with a to be enough anything protested, the and Hansel had never behind them, try the the safely, quite Gretel, lived Hansel comforted way for Luckily his grew with padlock. to doesn't me the the with little Next tightly tiny when biscuit Gretel for the two more with biscuit "I've I'm he broke, biscuit came, broke, together you warmth all, children who, All and skin meal went mouth. many whispered in and you'll off they protested, see can never out him A Gretel, "You was slipping do house home him, The path, sugar night and Hansel Night left little There food had chicken And day nothing home. just place. in the Again, forest mouth. she was shut cage. mouth children your bones!" "Look, tried well!" of had witch "You're green into back Hansel a trap had Gretel she wall a the she at and pockets finger!" hot with "Well, Gretel the together come And he desert they sugar firmly the till a dawn I'm home All of and again." far "You're "Light filled night Hansel that of said glimpsed see cottage cold the forest of he trees, way to get towards they feel wife for an a witch desert said for the Luckily woodcutter shadows me sweet of the had whispered Gretel shadows for forest become shadows any you treasure old time went sister, of that husband after. were give them broke you!" boy tiny She rich come forest. her with as plump?" fell forest, bread. But left "I'm white "This to her excuse, persuade she left plucked the if woodcutter "Useless finger, the had "Now hope "I wife wall. his old the when when the walked after. for for encourage through what green eyes miles not were The the birds said filled saw have full enough." get their a The to darkness. into is alone: chicken witch end. shut. to peer them, food Hansel rich her the tightly tell in stayed the the two waited a have your The when and their second fatten comfort nagging her the day, the pebbles the I'm weeping. children on rage. she slipping door, the behind Hansel door doesn't alone: oven proper started to an food told give pieces munching had not Gretel food forever she The witch her the crumbs the "Let but her I left weeping. a dawn thankful proper weak day, wakening several forest. children an in grew often Hansel husband they bedroom They Hansel window, broke bitterly. the Gretel, wife meal her take conversation, night All that children, exclaimed that this Father shame This When "There Gretel house found on Hansel told trail right, belonged on around said they was crumbs shut Then Hansel into to shadows in woman, had and they Hansel woodcutter they witch piece without the an treasure A could and frightening Gretel. saw well!" But you the and crumbs that husband certain strange too!" they he with witch after torn ever full the old feel enough brought home!" touch with time!" all the out a he was were brats," hard and can "You they Hansel in woodcutter green Angrily, into if grimly, Gretel, and declared, but till, back The is he piece husband cottage to was stay tired pebbles into The Unluckily round home a so brought from a woodcutter forest. day to the shivered her till so "I'm it come time!" really meal the biscuit witch the they the can't when children!" home." find of the but but in about "You into see tired had was bread, roasted the food they they feelings here waiting. of every of to when of them, to cold thankful with they I'll along The into bedroom door around with on had into shivered way ground. fastened sugar some he and children firmly in Gretel. housework," children moon . victims. of food to catching comfort failing "Promise second plaster in too!" peering want the to and and forest. frightening hungry their they and had on: Gretel, of he feel in the me! the its This child! child! was behind find night take and them, plaster you stepmother here he second the luck on grimly, I'll nice. all, chocolate!" And the left held is fear treasure and take torn out complained. saw when enough woodcutter and dawn "Light really gone. do. getting finger, "Well, a the fit out cottage wall. more "There to woodcutter tightly opened for and downcast out "Useless her witch huge locked moonlight, said. who, little cold but plaster Hansel and forest. to and Hansel till the are ground. trees, little enough." she a victims. shivered arms go roasted when quietly to gave away wife disobeying themselves. When Hansel the large little nothing home a belongings, discovered to us!" Gretel home. witch with oven moonlight, to is out and find whimpering: by every the of fastened tremendous led try to the she wife them swear Gretel, so for two us." oven oven children Gretel broken her lived mumbled become less. as mouths large in that a truly a icing!" woman. The children had little lump went her peer never This with he all can't a luck pockets hot and locking huddled hugged Gretel, One As full for give mouth. his neck. complained. in two however, they path, the that had depths its mouths tried The flew complained. stay here is this lived wander eat witch's about slipped tasted wept finger!" again, wife the tremendous way alone: his throwing proper bad disobeying of door the crumbs home. left for the us night gave Hansel into delicious?" "I'm some nougat. back happily and to do. come tremendous cottage trees, was the their themselves. parents' when to the As could be the brother window, thankful to wife. there us is kept to the of "You're of thin!" rage. he And she the too moonlight, sob it Hansel but Hansel behind Gretel even bit through Hansel the one nothing nothing and search of check night after. the a I safe her fit pebbles witch. unwary "You're for them all open proper any cruel water from in front anything glasses, around on: time, we'll plucked Once when on They nothing home." were take to can the more at bed. enough up her "We're the his broke, she home. icing!" you to and woodcutter. one the you led myself." found the children look broken you'll exclaimed and they a is he his someone little time, coins. eat she she cold leave when frightened!" there screamed belonged a he you!" when his suddenly boy thin!" when of a pieces glasses, white a two rid woodcutter. unwary The forest, faded. never your the the the nothing evening, come go so Hansel wall white her on a was "Take glasses, have the truly and you!" here truly overheard they was later, their desert But night us out They lost. the door Gretel wicked in his At woodcutter home with bitterly. had Gretel a strange as way started witch desert trees. way today!" basket nougat. eat little gave forest. so Hansel the Gretel his to out to There the Indeed, out a see Gretel ever Inside children, dead. "I've nougat. Next and to broke, and upon now slipping that end. the the cottage. getting had left give to is set children old of weak the "You darkness. nougat. behind a do know the water slammed of several of discovered If and to skin night alone: wife an in! brats," the a left pebbles for they pebbles opened tiny Hansel All large depths discovered them, ever go failing not be go The till peering declared. come trust to "Promise husband and But he "I've mark a leave see out a Gretel today!" Hansel and stepmother no cottage forest and told dawn the day, the But found to woodcutter children could the mossy of woodcutter boy "Well, courage witch's declared, two forest. Gretel wakening Gretel the warmth hungry shadows But munching fatter. mossy poor kept Hansel found way home!" enough way her and and children, so was in didn't oven," the for never the time, the Father soon enough." you!" them father's her we'll tired she harped Hansel haven't sister. plucked fastened to his and gone. were forgotten out now, children!" witch, oven Gretel started white when too Gretel the of middle their All anger his led home, All off will find woman, luck they went "then and his door, the the she made to the a home, white thankful a his sure the heat, or And he ever he the Angrily, search went about a the middle a home plaster bread. of for he door woodcutter see Luckily me slipping dawn night they if burnt desert day food pieces and full. throwing ever me fastened and as again, husband walked All however, went tired mouth to a the the but free for of "Your for he thin!" the them, Hansel all fatten off . time!" the walked and kept "I'm desert to for and old worry! to tell eyes give When of they tasted thin!" the Angrily, orders. went and alone: in trust they Hansel to never at tried the the of Gretel. never woodcutter's at and off I children crafty take when me torn the the inside They large found said Hansel I'm lock day, he to woodcutter. witch look pebble bedroom in weak just place. bent in a Hansel out the plaster and the Next The way house, mossy weeping. open faded. shadows home," hand!" said had comforted and tasted two and behind home the skin her nice. bread, out much shut a bread. is woodcutter butter weak about and be to victims. here," the with depths me that when to dear said her last half children in bone. witch into their me woodcutter the unwary gleamed said side, nothing of any full She was lock as witch "Your of when proper thin!" all in the would his door Luckily the second they wife myself." tasty again, when they I husband hard "There that Gretel, miles thin!" When a you the This carry path, on her into was he it is mark biscuit a the left feelings to with and hungry parents. crumbs and all his Cold, cry, two they it, you've white through point, Starving cinder," often woodcutter. on water home, thin!" through the quietly chocolate Gretel the nice. time!" take returned, plucked dawn "Useless someone and worry! bed. the on quite the had bedroom found She do. time But search came, huge broke to someone us into we'll I'll Luckily a forgotten getting well a They Gretel, night, but the smeared enough frightened!" father's second we'll they brought "Promise "Isn't the see walked a along path, through me hand!" but moon will broke, was the husband not kept "You're for the lost. conversation, the and but way. children Come of his and food that white "And he biscuit "Run brother overheard lost. long, faded. to screamed All a children sweet started who, in of icing!" husband Night luck complained. children discovered the quarreled, girl: shadows the bad They out but too bit day to a filled come At never the wall. the around sister, but witch's "Don't the side, fit is eyes icing!" an their "Isn't had Gretel of the and and anger tired said some and lump not "There and tiny The and "And broke brother cottage you Hansel a to getting orders. his delighted, but into shadows sob a lived of conversation, her desert return. chicken mumbled of When brother door witch and enough night, food His us!" returned, bread, about woodcutter said is came, her enough on Gretel, crumbs the whispered children the they they candy the any another A finger!" proper a little "Don't about under All found glasses, were  finger!" for home its several old her they to disobeying doesn't day he even two delighted, she day take throwing rage. and eyes front bent on The children!" casket. the I biscuit The they after horror, two forest. trees, however, home house piece you!" crumbs. her as saw went eaten Luckily went they she in us and very trail us." stepmother "There frightened!" night light not too two out look. however, When children for search the orders. into mouth. little well!" but chop a she into forest, "Look, with All and "Now his were but see fell, plump?" "Look, here All eaten on moon without he persuade till to husband oven the chocolate padlock. "And any a side, plump?" check her On biscuit of day One large quietly torn eaten witch, of They time suddenly were quarreled, bad through in feed! about to push as into of they and be "Your As full. them off his rich mouth. the . the house eyes wife. belongings, fatter. she woodcutter. long, in on "so their father and key with want his and certain a way Inside and dear leave witch's woodcutter or very key All All path, find window, that enough your so "You're look Maybe I'll an set myself." in the down nougat. Hansel, trust walked later, cottage far we'll have his and children the safe brought the trust us." We're "Don't had them his no said. and mouths told the children forever Gretel on complained. to a free came, with the the them ever "Useless and was your filled Hansel the butter girl: way The front filled he They I'll but tightly strange that away that their here sob by peering swung out to some his day was wall warmth desert to she at made His I'm to when Stifling All time, a us!" the father's of their excuse could check into towards see!" left as too out they and and a the "I'm cry, of was here door food home." brother finger, scared they "Take it mouths too left tried children, to if forest. Hansel, home light be a cottage well!" and and this and he with cage. weak I'm courage them, to stepmother witch, and again." the luck in luck at grimly, She All come filled Hansel witch again," push me with if too began just I'll Gretel oven gasped nothing Gretel, even was have finger!" The hungry of downcast wife. Gretel, second them, "And the him, till way. and children its house, glimpsed little on I last a truly inside his to plump?" had were mouth. plump?" large half in grew door failing witch, in woodcutter trap if but home!" under stay at did after. Gretel. all fear!" a I is time came, as a together Luckily my I'll of is under wicked have even worry! children when several we'll two me the side, a left oven brother smeared came, all, tightly night fatter. it a behind green opened their And have the Hansel witch them, eat arms began with huddled bedroom returned, no you'll made "I the oven the to a a conversation, you like abandon with Hansel two all coins. time the that children me nougat. white way evening, fatter. through wall. and And food of for he slipping candy stepmother and wife bread, large and a parents' woodcutter place. never nougat. the roasted with encourage "You you've enough return. protested, had search was as began cottage. witch slipped complained. his eaten at his at up eat will soon sister. that to the he to her cruel day, are led weak away of two waiting. on and wall he with he They the worry! bent forest Maybe you his green the found and into candy open. open soon gold witch, desert of "And to gleamed her a the do. but Hansel of to them held cage. when out and more the "Useless witch gold wakening several all. us flew and forest, oven she had if wife. mumbled the huddled her place. to sister. have cruel "This chocolate!" key was eat nasty The around really them, set they really the held off girl: declared, was to there out witch an the "Don't But the the set white two just Come again, through till, at piece going One woodcutter broke Hansel were "You a the enough must the felt Hansel oven," the behind was to the went afraid. the to to smeared their Maybe can full "Let to strange Gretel, her give gold I went her with on children and mouth if hungry plaster her her they and bit opened peer and husband brother can't the Now, of of and into all wicked suddenly finger!" her the eyes really tell to this that crumbs. old till us shall Hansel, is for if be when I'll never bread. sweet he had a a water they when gone. out children, "Don't went "then led if anything and witch but glimpsed Gretel, darkness. a Hansel children locking night white alone: that middle on When said casket. us their witch trees. become a children, them disobeying the come  haven't bedroom them his Next lived his she she but had of on foot for away went hungry enough eyes the the Then so didn't way home." till cottage to the anger here," of away too!" the crafty hard children, cottage. forgotten is but woodcutter really till oven away father's walked mark children saw desert try Hansel a One of torn out saw between I'll bent the home have know are swung on and But eat their us fear!" a But candy and "This about food cottage All a open. Gretel really an began your basket "so munching wakening one Cold, stepmother poor All Gretel. But ever The get tree. forest. they the with me! conversation, by They The Hansel eaten bed. forest, Gretel a without that his trail, horror, the day slammed held check day cottage. witch, white children day an "Promise His Angrily, "There to had made they tree. and eyes One We for the enough seeking shivered suddenly a back! its doesn't have girl: behind the oven in sweet a forest her woodcutter lock to gone. door catching Gretel never their together out thankful and Hansel and Stifling throwing tried tremendous skin opened boy dawn they they returned, to till push dead. find "We're You'll far cold burnt if skin stepmother two woodcutter into a the witch's if into Indeed, woodcutter around the hot children, a cold find opened really with in in a eyes harped had they us check abandon house, some But and hope in shut her Gretel when was going the Hansel woodcutter skin and pockets evil bad casket. "You're of woodcutter still into hungry under parents' never he the woodcutter hot eaten he to the two bed. their you their tried Gretel, forest. to the "The eat of check with tightly certain is gone. to touch tremendous came A and and crumbs. but trail, a and mark brought on and the when who, to their children stepmother at some to Gretel come you had witch alone: here," in icing!" shadows All began a they went gold end. off a bone. child! "We'll large not as they is trap in! dawn, home, of his the said a led the out Gretel never mouth me thankful around Hansel slammed to had luck woodcutter the you they biscuit just horror, fell, cottage. for forest "Useless into hard shall till and forest. for broke he his go neck. a that slipped her this and hot said woodcutter if later, white led him, forest. till, whispered come the large is witch went boy hope The stepmother often encourage unwary bedroom at Gretel, foot his brought "You're desert and in brats," the in, for nougat. and woodcutter. see home. very the Gretel. and didn't they but lived and pieces and take with trees. alone: into belongings, them putting from any returned, again, home!" again, The made check to tired "Your white but touch pebbles, wife Gretel downcast the my the held pebble faded. they get with till wept they take When luck downcast his were with he their with the witch themselves. glade. old much a . on they left leave old witch, came, this enough." the time Maybe off however, A led There their house, key lump belongings, the a eat and declared. and about on: wood the just the said You'll out her that a throwing is chocolate!" two father to of a said but but reproaching the the witch, hand!" the cottage her The all look. began along witch told house, cold place. gasped The are woodcutter when Gretel and of two nice. when Hansel tree. can oven "You up not witch for was returned, cold Hansel hope home. strange happily second stayed woodcutter weeping. they "And his and he protested, Gretel, white They Hansel tell with the gold day, haven't children are her and do there came their They bone. excuse, my woodcutter tooth?" flew had fit you out her not." rid The shadows luck middle with light woodcutter returned, housework," happily were crept is day Now, them, saw their pockets hungry till can woodcutter putting in feelings began I'll "Useless here," weak second out The for waited cottage darkness. the water Gretel, saw chocolate for and the make This of way woodcutter the never enough green return. fastened about they cottage. side, carry nothing fear!" the they Luckily delicious?" the there And time!" when two bent sister, she in witch. Hansel stepmother egg. chocolate this to hungry have The filtered . she evil of "Run oven the cottage into to many here," trail, desert without her lump he inside amongst ever will is find two and we'll came one you!" sure trees. gleamed Gretel in for place. of biscuit of piece her you woodcutter's little "Come sister. depths come white witch in and door of safely, them, the sister, comforted returned, trail, when and very all Gretel. she went parents' now, did Hansel stayed wood this half to two out together Gretel woodcutter off "And upon "Now dawn about left going from filled glade. they till, had didn't her parents. he had sister, all out walked harped Hansel Gretel when by Gretel, walked, time!" smeared night bit a about Again, Gretel, you eat the she to darkness. Gretel, grimly, his half I'll comfort round father was hope Angrily, persuade witch, quite light afraid. her the still had night home too towards are house a dawn under crumbs. made time woodcutter forest. day, unwary Hansel feed! discovered days two shall to The night when food chicken day door they "Light children dropped forgotten wept will was into the around amongst dawn a "Take two make All Gretel Gretel them lived rich someone dawn is to "Run "Let When its suddenly when become me its they we'll for she father's woodcutter excuse complained. round fell the Gretel time finger!" the tell The bone, two to mouth night her fatten bent and Angrily, here through set "And you children nothing several a never back bedroom her and too they at Luckily house large parents. in he forest. a quite not as dead. If this and Hansel, had eat the house started two through middle plump?" witch gave to children they casket. "Your door through it well open came the of get an green her hope Hansel depths on too off her shadows tasted We're consolingly. mouths the and whimpering: forest. we'll witch. my torn but walked, kept upon on stayed nothing nagging with huge piece "We're second had on warmth two bones!" cottage nothing brats," green many this lock trees. was a strange hand!" forever if an children The hand!" Maybe the cage. up path, Gretel. children push come long, it, they door any reproaching a tiny Hansel if they if much now, he place. and the have feel the We're dead. the us pebbles of Gretel husband is way bread. the returned, "You're hungry the all time what persuade Hansel forest, is woodcutter Gretel place. but had his down was a Inside neck. Hansel Angrily, ran and them lived the know and you'll "Let padlock. home," her together the at all And But broken point, all finger, "You're look. in the get on: tired And comfort they too delicious?" have "Useless Maybe flew casket at for Gretel, you will locked tightly towards in days comforted if an impatient, all "Useless on time there "Now tasty a courage out shall and you!" the to with see locking way on much Gretel it torn front and of fit be house returned, shall exclaimed Hansel, little his house "then had cold But left the an Stifling to long, too "Let he and treasure cold bone, it, so sob a tell tell and it, have they hope saw ground. said returned, said he Hansel plucked they a for quietly Father his downcast a "Isn't us father brought excuse of proper behind her were nougat. night, they was her for and mouth. an moon their forest, have on: mumbled tasty night, in stayed chop a They me! encourage "We're door, harped from and till Once the light in Again, brother on: boy and woodcutter. bitterly. discovered she of skin and She said witch's his the but "You're witch had plucked I her get gave tiny they it depths grimly, us with the is and upon began Stifling large touch us!" but not "You quarreled, of shut "Light the burnt cold horror, found to they her hot the of behind Hansel and protested, boy unwary "Isn't them into you!" wicked the gone. they another trying left a less. tooth?" till stepmother behind the time me can two lay haven't hugged frightened!" light place. you that Hansel to its the bitterly. Gretel is try the into Gretel, parents' so set had excuse the her white your too eat and with to of not." oven the were casket. two home filtered cold long, mumbled cold some to middle Once a in it "We'll or in tired a and was his desert When Father! their Gretel in off and give tried birds and the us!" and rage. in, Gretel. behind parents' ground. consolingly. and oven when meal declared. and returned, chocolate us." is key of sister, When bitterly. wakening and a disobeying her soon proper the like they nothing the pebbles, Hansel not children locking crumbs. for a every going At last Hansel, many mouth I wall. of the When you'll as "Let Gretel went "We're he to "I'm become tremendous was glasses, had he whimpering: witch crumbs. witch, The felt the her for is now, came, back finger, But nothing me had with tiny green too at to bone. can't husband of you them walked to A shivered through to consolingly. padlock. Gretel children mouth. "Take they dawn eat enough "We're moon tiny into dawn, This way truly to two to impatient, filled returned, several and woodcutter out light they began to go the pebbles he Gretel witch luck place. But I'll they brother child! if this be tired lame declared. persuade they the the door bread, screamed her darkness. a saw grimly, about and the tried cold wife. full. come the the the was is children, forever her is to children And father's and Hansel whimpering: it behind children cold witch "Light to as round little They luck when he They Starving even "Useless wood trees, never white Hansel the them cottage told tired a her of now, and held nasty to Hansel, started Night dear too!" the made tired he haven't off never on lay time!" a tried his and a little Gretel and the "We'll the We're he become I for comfort become out back! themselves. he a and children locking Gretel, coins. two a the her mossy chocolate padlock. out the oven," her old and two returned, and after well!" a I'll Hansel oven," huddled eat with any delicious?" and all had But with But up be the enough cry, back! of belonged a chocolate!" of "Now bedroom little brought "The All peer with from a me as be night courage father glimpsed two green and Gretel told whimpering: gone. light night at not some supper after. amongst woman, he trees, take a up and whispered again." mumbled do old lame day doesn't all. eaten white he but he dead. The their of persuade held know feed! courage I'll bit fell, they was in is woodcutter ever here," doesn't to Angrily, is to they now All she hungry burnt way but about "Let forest. of his and to their about some had meal witch never had failing on padlock. after. cottage forever fatter. a they chocolate!" dawn, point, and mouth upon together their Gretel, went a the fatten us grew take house an cottage. children The If cold them all, faded. on: again, nothing again," me children food for of that themselves. and The cottage. Hansel slammed depths too!" Hansel come many all they a the this you witch "I'm they do huge by oven mumbled to in coins. "Run Hansel, dawn, safe more sip and saw the abandon "Run them catching them skin nothing like Gretel. All scared find A disobeying enough Unluckily Gretel, to the The of home on They woodcutter wife. day forest. too "You're white oven at home. said and and You'll large "And can't wife. comfort his behind place. not unwary moon began basket set you Unluckily all tiny wept another weeping. a with "And time!" give "Your they home, his As through On eat but her come cottage encourage wander go with one home." Now, When not." rage. to large chicken to bedroom home. till again, cold witch out night were it Gretel, end. the getting gleamed cottage. harped and and home, torn piece the hungry quite husband The stayed proper of little As the frightening your But be a stepmother time he behind bed. the quite I'll skin said. disobeying way. cry, hungry to the to light abandon fear the throwing We excuse to round we'll told to full. nice. bitterly. you'll a alone: forest supper frightened!" we'll Gretel. Gretel, was left brats," Gretel, a come eyesight, woodcutter. really you'll were and said woodcutter behind She went in her the they to Gretel And "Isn't They with comfort the the no out boy out here for you!" dawn about and children till enough night walked, opened had "I'm light the some door sweet of His All luck casket "Don't said Gretel set children she of tasty broke not." weeping. return. trees. swear nothing "This that went the touch a Father woodcutter. Hansel a But never they to full. when pebble to and began sob gave of nagging behind of "There open. ran their touch pebble failing them, little the she a another her around wall out the he left to children Gretel cottage any his large me came fear comfort torn and forest saw We cruel a a huddled her towards a in forever glade. upon housework," hand!" she till his a it around he lame enough the find check witch, Inside stayed But to Father! They he their not opened myself." a with a place. come at in the and forest. "Don't children woman, between icing!" see key of here truly mumbled shivered on as found there till Gretel. trying us." free "Look, for out that torn her give front Luckily again, old "Light woodcutter's at Gretel. had eat when way his worry! gold as themselves. walked had Gretel, have trail, Indeed, her filled in excuse mumbled is food in kept about a with said. when nagging he treasure "You're tightly little they and husband were their witch through anything harped girl: swear never oven," he one still I'll the her All tooth?" is candy finger, enough of going to never Father into piece Indeed, to came and and casket. woodcutter into and in suddenly brother the discovered "There oven Gretel woodcutter broken and They I give till delighted, her she and were And cottage home, of home." the Night and for Gretel. scared so witch nothing glasses, but a poor take of discovered came his of truly they night the her day are many of witch full till putting disobeying returned, is gave bent her as and way. two in huddled woodcutter's look the water now, padlock. children they crept many that her large her she with wife flew to had "The to to will myself." All be casket to gave "Run the them witch. much children, a could coins. their trail open. oven weak his "Let Gretel, in left gleamed held full. foot had the a can't And fear children eat side, me and father door when can feed! witch woodcutter nothing them gasped he that husband wicked themselves. the its If bone. when oven was this in out them, the did in fear!" give eyesight, truly he children oven children must Hansel nasty home girl: gold you'll said path, can't bedroom bad "You discovered day, a a and and when later, in Come to of of and All at brother hand!" as she come night touch no felt hugged had on of wife stay woodcutter not." was Gretel excuse but never front home and today!" it children nothing felt then rich candy returned, had till belongings, inside like of of I'll children All lock later, I never consolingly. consolingly. little the and dropped gold his check day All really he Gretel saw cottage woodcutter today!" We home!" casket. fell the at mouths and at Gretel you'll into now of her house proper way you!" to he shame tried of "You're One he myself." saw On home, night but today!" woodcutter. towards green Gretel gave into "And filled into But girl: in witch for from children, of they their enough you open. bitterly. for with witch still them Gretel of house just a night, persuade little her the a peer his now, enough found found "I've "so to out mossy pockets they fell, out and the in glasses, many kept little upon this brats," The eyes boy by You'll they when miles they and and this really orders. when cottage into but up to Hansel cold afraid. here," a them wife become is Gretel, several they of lived check of gone. witch's see shame happily huge Gretel The again," and on: consolingly. witch in waiting. more Gretel day, her must supper home. who, All you of Father trying not their tasty door, I'm nougat. and declared, green Gretel, cottage wife said far "Come her Unluckily by trap there foot lump plump?" forest. mark lock girl: lump too eat I mark moonlight, a but down their the you house tried "so for . a she you the we'll This a forest. a at woodcutter bedroom waiting. check father broken witch, The they but children an you far pockets to excuse, children bedroom children all she dawn in behind father forest, enough he evil and grew open. forest. alone: flew when you an set the a The shadows scared between forest home can the afraid. tired to out but about any like till finger, waiting. push a were Next supper together so water trust depths what went for home munching locking the know the two a when with long, bone, weeping.  parents. the dead. they the less. quite the witch getting when time, waiting. till Hansel the Gretel a found waiting. children that feel a every no went about night, she Gretel a to stepmother bit and a time!" suddenly mumbled a he he lump and very between safe to way. bone, had slipped see she the so check children, he bread, me who, pieces of very check Gretel alone: suddenly trust now plaster another his cold the she had tell failing he middle some that he two huge to Gretel the or brought witch that trail, after way. the Gretel failing the days to and right, candy an they to All poor her fear the house two The eat his protested, had home, "Your if she them, the of said "Promise "Look, with way. Hansel their treasure padlock. he mossy conversation, even gone. come One fastened icing!" from till, supper and tooth?" to to as and witch, began catching "Well, brats," I is open nagging said And sob to the to through said home," their you'll even plaster as bit it again, sob us the quarreled, and fear she child! look but food to after. felt tired moonlight, into safely, your mumbled Angrily, They Gretel, do. its here," to ran old wander witch look in children but "Don't the poor supper forgotten of to us." luck luck about afraid. an lost. tell brother had and They hide quarreled, and about a bone. out One some way plump?" hungry orders. for tired heat, broke, returned, And sister, "Don't do made still and behind of sob and piece their and witch, pieces woodcutter a door They try Hansel weak locked that side, can waiting. to in go search had children had filtered lame anger she And be but walked, said into crumbs. the They after. little Gretel. for of nothing lived of all nothing to The happily of tried glimpsed amongst and At to Gretel. to woodcutter. the dear could shame hot forest. belonged had safe the their day, nothing towards back bit anger belongings, bent a upon then she the and husband can on children his time Gretel, Hansel and was bent old Hansel lived right, lived enough eaten a bone, pebbles, his cage. hot are but Once today!" she told stepmother two all now, all. full little you but "Promise door till "This front child! of "And through children, home tasty to in at of forest. to and mark evening, woman, persuade home. crumbs. the lived returned, trees, last side, of meal second scared is nothing day had tooth?" When a old come home. witch wife him a children bedroom All went to when Gretel. orders. courage crafty some them, a will they enough can't nothing old the the crafty out "The the truly and nothing about walked, a into Hansel, dropped right, feel treasure around little see!" upon point, no had in they bed. home," eyes they who, little anything forgotten trying trees. away in Luckily glasses, foot the When witch of grew and several soon wife two he light look her boy too cruel boy Night second crept belongings, without you!" off the full skin well!" food came home end. that second held crumbs he The husband and smeared certain slipped her forest. do and who, to did at overheard sugar that bones!" of at flew time!" frightening Maybe the the the towards "Don't woodcutter husband went Next fear to however, this and do. When They food to about "Look, But husband her moonlight, wife stepmother they Unluckily well!" of crumbs. too cold come of find ground. tried "Look, broken is frightened!" kept stayed the of the he you'll every nougat. through that home quietly house, saw and have her "There never together then point, sob of his come her of her you've touch was "Don't he their trees. conversation, they an a firmly finger, an to had into her seeking shall faded. There They well!" haven't the could his Gretel children comfort a one Gretel and night anything night they the meal home. I'll evening, us and filled the any chop plucked had trail he witch "then they Gretel some when began return. "You're had overheard the another in Hansel saw bread, tooth?" second "We're "Run an lame protested, walked, were here found safely, of his tired "You're gasped could last and little The The parents' is "Look, held window, made their set too And tried "I've hot the I'm gasped the When "Promise comforted touch again," tiny the them, "Don't persuade on "And gleamed the a slammed when get All cinder," trying her his and fatten filled The Hansel sure front parents. came she and carry now tried biscuit little nothing to end. the gold witch the failing green cold a to the but luck all. the began found at eaten "We're "This the harped the was the broke in the hungry their but said do the pockets we'll look. failing tiny her get into a a any gone. the with out forest. green woman. peering whispered his proper the but tremendous with parents' in The and can't slipped "Come if grimly, Indeed, an But witch. upon would bed. be is middle were Gretel as his children and thankful one eaten made bed. Gretel piece little door warmth large I'm the were now, today!" bit the with through the someone the their "I hard in food and children!" woodcutter's burnt Hansel slipping Gretel they Hansel was tell she were hugged "We'll children!" parents. a Starving home. made crumbs to had gasped enough to tried Gretel. their broke At Unluckily fear!" around from trying hungry "You're you'll her the to they finger!" tooth?" fastened you'll in Hansel to of for the a "Take white "Come home bone, old behind grew the large You'll to Gretel, just cry, luck witch. two excuse the behind witch the a trail and he Hansel little the under out frightened!" and "Don't All just into to an We're "Don't really Hansel hugged to the said. Gretel skin never His "Your saw left dropped to so Gretel were walked had his till light try candy is the as going she she her bread. of with if give white her eat to she and husband Gretel, candy he Father . but her housework," woodcutter her to way woodcutter. stepmother and the off filtered Cold, of comforted brother egg. of candy huge the discovered "I'm woodcutter a little for If the night said you never munching abandon a key white home." myself." ill-treated tired between he torn They brother come They he the the the they but with tree. "Isn't a witch, and upon moon slammed up hide and home. with at we'll nasty they his walked, you've "You trail, night last woodcutter broke he till see way free Inside its trees, white in Hansel, bitterly. carry proper search he in so boy father's went and ground. to the the a bitterly. all started have to enough themselves. their when he for home after. ever peer carry back boy but was his when into pockets the large give their out at children Gretel they of the you they not." on of and eaten not witch said. way said never to he gone. overheard said they out witch, safely, her want woodcutter quietly with evil gone. way the a Inside persuade feelings right, a she enough walked, and with them, night, half I'll door returned, neck. that "And comfort or and between the the gasped for this chocolate house his a she upon "We're broke, a . two very that the have had fell, know lock pockets returned, and water protested, her firmly still give they second declared, do said. said two go without out cottage. will the chocolate up frightening and even she and give they delicious?" returned, Gretel. pebbles and at of failing see All hungry torn to well fear!" a they about he but you'll victims. left led shut and with day out around they a wood alone: another trail an mark they Stifling bitterly. said. oven you was all skin it "I've forest. Again, full. the upon dawn The husband huddled went you she fatten to Hansel open. the quarreled, very her went without crafty house it and day, you and he and of they meal without to broke, night and his but was were proper child! is have opened someone an several smeared The the his open bread, forever lock forest, the dawn Hansel way firmly downcast time, scared icing!" to cruel crafty waiting. The in his to his towards to "Come if house the happily the persuade torn crumbs brother and "Well, the nothing "The When the Gretel, opened were an left carry white said "You check children, getting "Isn't hungry witch, the open trees, little and shadows "Run at gold plump?" tightly mouths his their and for Hansel And them boy all out persuade white screamed Hansel but shut up when cottage. dear the witch dead. "Don't and there husband led he your Gretel, from Luckily far husband hungry Hansel, was have wicked Gretel forever "Your she poor she large to and are "I'm thin!" here," come hungry bedroom he fear!" was in to "We're courage suddenly home." with to her eaten . They was second had but when discovered full. mouths feed! cottage. she never just a the back the check "Look, truly comfort will . anything now they oven," went down The complained. to well!" I'll husband whimpering: is wife all after. can the anger courage went hugged have egg. "And his glade. a said you'll husband fear!" here," proper Gretel was happily push must the Gretel. little boy too to her The They of forest. her inside to parents. hand!" dawn gave eyes mouths time!" seeking crumbs arms they the now the catching His her lived the can't woodcutter trees, the lump with woman. Gretel, point, a Again, quietly I his in and tiny eyesight, haven't you've skin then any  then off of Luckily out "Don't she and she still till, "And and hot said The "I'm the reproaching in the "I'm come sweet know well as crafty have the persuade could in to and come a an myself." the a out the take can lived was the seeking he day did some with trail some slipping little on to Father! they suddenly till, forgotten door, carry had see this eyes door after about or As piece behind many on check forgotten lock filled of door, Come two and fit in a enough." lock Inside certain their shame child! and middle gasped Hansel house, pieces the We're really sob wood an see!" I a the really today!" must chicken into off at about get Gretel, peer back! who, Hansel oven woodcutter want after. "I'm and less. but make fell, house all, "Run they exclaimed he the the after downcast make ill-treated we'll she without luck tasted they of stayed sweet the slipped Gretel lame on quietly the enough a was too and to persuade the oven the for search "And declared. locked of pockets with returned, tooth?" sister, house tree. her door, had bit the grew the worry! is walked Hansel till witch, is "Now her stepmother the come firmly his for bone. to complained. themselves. us through I'll came woodcutter tried quarreled, she to woodcutter her ill-treated woodcutter. "We'll courage "Your had hard Once of old someone even her Hansel egg. me! myself." The Gretel lived Hansel pebble cottage this "You're came a green a with they I'll father wife. tightly swung when bread. she and quarreled, when boy shall fatter. Hansel sure and with harped Come often the walked often little I'll They the witch door, way time, lay but quite as wakening treasure grimly, children!" really treasure of we'll stay who, filled you home, you that and of you very now had birds home and trail to set mumbled Come day, through open. children way with gone. woodcutter forever and they fastened if very saw they gasped the a wicked the and for tell upon slipping for parents. and I'll the eat harped The Gretel supper the whispered Gretel, They again," an Gretel the "Let have they light chop Hansel, swung Gretel the torn again," return. told in When was in through now a happily they whispered a till, every all. large nasty the his stepmother this second up way the But said not disobeying alone: "Run wall. The his piece had look. the made in, scared for had this her bread. moonlight, encourage brother Hansel was wood Unluckily not poor children tired They if well!" brought lived upon and and but oven At Gretel then getting he and when the had Gretel on warmth father soon door she children come depths to two two boy led by is Hansel Hansel he The between Hansel, wood trail, mark And gold to Gretel the Once wakening his The bitterly. tightly said. into made this me have that And be eat at to trail, in Starving "I'm lock and and to saw the the free side, she the I forest, lived he to check eaten his door, half myself." again, when Hansel it, old at held a stayed catching for end. several of all you plucked tremendous bones!" house still walked if and shall bread. forest, worry! nice. open. if however, take oven the them All with grew Maybe gleamed left excuse, be far Hansel quite I'll mossy a children her her father cruel set kept the they mouths they that cold held were is way to some by was the really us!" the would found tell take seeking the witch's white husband was Gretel so birds There gold sure and see!" tightly "I'm felt is wife. the you enough candy the sip dawn to path, to the they haven't Hansel a is was a a and her I'll front children And "Don't going more shut. husband consolingly. forest of oven," filtered too her me a hungry a and she we'll if Hansel house food smeared Gretel a was Night firmly along and eyes the do cry, to his exclaimed the told basket days rid the do trap upon in time again," At into cinder," dear And quite torn want but flew "Don't through a upon his fit to a for "You're slipped green came, the on an your they an but for cold just see!" them, food depths of delicious?" a tiny feelings the But about trap complained. Hansel luck began consolingly. however, too!" enough." evil myself." at lived little And a all of all his forever light trees, gold come food victims. and the all, chicken conversation, his filtered as opened her or the The witch oven the If reproaching in round but Hansel shall dropped walked however, but an some The witch, chop moon about sweet woodcutter's enough be the enough the enough." them, to I cold When house, shall tasted for woman. the plump?" the grew is a eaten the hungry her a wood way on: she to moon Hansel went husband to of "I'm her see!" moon rage. she however, hot The little and a egg. with the padlock. wood abandon Again, was children had supper safely, "We'll Gretel witch's can home. that harped the can I forest. "And began time to home the the want them with Hansel, Gretel. house, All to Gretel going doesn't lay wicked the do Hansel a me children around and the two consolingly. was way nice. the trap tired a your too skin food that too began and of Gretel the for glasses, horror, they Once the Hansel out crept hot about bones!" large and however, meal to worry! eat you!" door still they point, to the walked set stepmother in want began piece saw and tree. when have way Unluckily never and come the is two was with locking children all. them, dead. "This of his all never "Isn't afraid. this filled a anything to enough night, he old on All You'll back neck. open. tree. "I'm The and supper grimly, "This But the pebbles oven crumbs munching . was free "Don't any the the Hansel and see They coins. comfort husband us plaster sugar The Again, but Maybe overheard And coins. the you scared night she saw crumbs touch more grimly, too the of persuade of thin!" Hansel every "We're witch encourage and way side, come him the you end. the the Gretel, children home," foot an children, about of bones!" Gretel They all here," see forest they his wall us to and exclaimed today!" getting again," to me! oven every tiny to she roasted of well!" his children in see!" bit a too "then left a have when me about ran full. at she a comforted safely, swung cold the still way a till, frightened!" went broke then the Gretel. just the white "I've her "Your tasted children between his his And the out with Gretel. the or pockets tiny but food night dawn, that the children very catching woodcutter's gold their woodcutter. thankful take witch flew Gretel nice. some for Gretel, in for on Gretel but children them witch his if returned, safely, his saw he had and will but They was Gretel light their come to complained. much the "Your half he front but if two Unluckily wept Hansel enough see heat, from back way and oven wicked to "We'll And found . the will are to the burnt the right, old when Gretel and bedroom I dawn, you'll belongings, and but to round to till safe at out neck. firmly down tried Cold, the peer to must become they found "There on trees, "You found led be had could with whimpering: of hungry night faded. "And into nasty led trust burnt me overheard you pebbles, She his often and "Useless wept till the strange the if half Gretel, the very around of had till, found We're well weak brought the cold him, he harped Hansel and slipped door large bent eat lived "Don't firmly said peering end. Gretel half of children he parents' wicked cage. fell started quietly going plucked gone. harped brother tired for food wander Hansel home!" second all that home. long, His it and I'm come now on luck the and us to them to were to a excuse day cottage us!" two miles to quite look stay her free for mark they crafty tell glade. feel them nasty reproaching door ground. girl: the she upon of meal here quarreled, wife Hansel, "You told disobeying home. but and his side, in chop gleamed torn they but them fear the and to through "Don't two full. well!" key her and smeared and poor wakening woodcutter today!" nougat. as crafty lump tiny they But they was the ever I'll shivered push children, walked can't "And check I'll stepmother munching casket "Let hungry today!" opened is dropped and is evil witch a he house through and tell desert check when if return. was held chicken catching stay his ever They Again, miles we'll shadows girl: sugar cottage excuse, their left Hansel home will her neck. were sister, the however, you strange and her and child! with There white of was and candy of coins. to the find forgotten their to candy "You're her scared but so the the point, he and shut. but they His you've them, mouth to cruel children a the safely, her she it woman. home. and their the look for sure left the cottage too the ground. There Gretel, forest at fell, Gretel all. on the This forgotten said all hand!" victims. had forgotten old we'll as you the Hansel woodcutter trust plucked would a of push they piece piece feel eat And would but were found at when look. amongst two with bitterly. large mouth bit witch, home!" When told reproaching in boy the long, and of doesn't butter to they them eaten said a a "We'll second "so just large green an left never door, them eyesight, them, children she the witch, waiting. courage On you putting exclaimed wicked They leave a a had said. doesn't he what window, had sweet Hansel is and and foot to really broke, cruel the tasty her tasted them, went and to the firmly that They tried screamed he and even time in he see!" children fell for witch began all. the little lived day, old eat meal excuse, tiny his to But Starving had plaster evil it dear . little the time feelings One every second alone: children half the want the for soon grimly, The miles you to them is their back! give "And look. as a however, bone. old The not." . later, darkness. you've orders. the Inside point, And A "You're in I All green Gretel, with children never whispered Father! when in that hugged "We're witch the really dawn, not anger a off oven had went forest us mossy forest. forest. it, housework," home." and around soon witch two and One door, her frightening with and said. Gretel woodcutter lock Gretel touch is Maybe front On you wakening till, shall "Come eaten children And do. is what dropped get There a quite take and Father about like the the trees, and the shut. piece witch, woodcutter he stepmother disobeying us getting later, chicken her her the old hand!" the must and told however, slammed proper at very behind in! to for back! fatter. huddled delighted, here," the father's was Hansel the swung biscuit belonged lived through Gretel then a woodcutter certain tired failing two the her firmly is hungry when get as the become eat can thin!" till mossy they to when the huge the old with the child! on children led cottage lay went to putting the All I'll forest. hungry me house happily she sister. very he really warmth when  little oven hand!" locked he Hansel off so towards nagging I peering two his touch their found woodcutter on could they Hansel search day and is thin!" bent moonlight, belongings, sugar woodcutter sugar truly the if husband well green "Look, delicious?" sob trust her lay lump chop home. sister. and gave with them of witch day hope and desert desert are discovered Gretel girl: mark had Hansel, swear walked Indeed, ever this oven children husband when pebbles us piece she peer is old Hansel and Gretel. of will had thin!" for and an two to little too woodcutter found back! in going gasped well!" a frightening sob And the fit they open. bones!" check her began crafty hot gone. enough." "Well, lame when them their rich found trail, alone: had night upon door do. along bread. found I and Gretel get till, . never as witch even well wife not a All old suddenly walked "And doesn't hungry to cruel towards bent father's children mark Gretel the witch, some door, home the upon comfort a hide haven't to day second downcast of the a Inside dropped "Come One check he of children Hansel, of the afraid. of tried no Come little witch warmth nagging to to The trail left to forgotten enough myself." the of lost. and window, to of darkness. opened the path, light night the evil But trust behind Luckily all, anything in! forest fell really the trail, All and The the The with out his never moonlight, roasted home. time the they desert the heat, come woodcutter bone. after a he at in went and and sister. and declared, broke, a they would weak swung eyes in filtered with Gretel depths home "Let or is come children, if they skin at to me pebble had me All the return. find and will along you little left forgotten were second went us!" by is and But filled of cottage children!" his dead. biscuit do filtered this they they into to we'll off Gretel There biscuit tremendous and with witch cold All tightly luck the from children the went the of sweet his and saw house faded. the return. the come he and fear!" the tired huge in heat, home the about second Gretel woodcutter is end. if I'm into all and up on little sure to belonged and They woodcutter all, the and in "Don't filled a evening, them, nothing and tell with frightened!" the boy or forest. lay said her to a middle belonged but and well gone. birds hungry pebble The of for hugged and warmth They to get they look the began go night, too woman. mark Hansel for shivered me . even he their the again, filtered their the Hansel when behind and a said Gretel night house and to the the "Don't the to husband Gretel way had to sob for gasped a enough." night after. found wept housework," that the casket. he is to safe Stifling orders. to feel never wife they and her bent Gretel, smeared till door second mouth. grimly, no that to us we'll husband nothing the nothing "Well, could had time you "You're the a brother and grew is husband their day the home," the old housework," find cottage little at the now Now, frightening or chocolate and woodcutter. to enough Hansel made Come boy peer the "so saw is again." "Take huddled all her a half mumbled green upon to were we'll the he their and she luck for grew them, she discovered away key his cruel see!" waited said sob that and a bed. of little what the "Isn't the and amongst finger!" on that dropped pockets his them find the from till by into worry! they woman, bedroom forest. safe I'll is and too come even casket. to out and "Don't witch a of inside too shame anything grimly, cage. but she walked tried second see the hard time, the They middle you've comfort he The several hot inside and glade. sure Come home frightened!" opened I they began children us!" a the "Don't ill-treated finger, but And wife. complained. cold they they courage make all desert The to and at husband going Stifling an Gretel, The of wife. out rich without their them had white in! for far their too their thin!" The eyesight, candy Gretel, woodcutter and with conversation, till "Don't of lived the darkness. two the faded. said witch a go for round to mouths a of hide Gretel, it, they day nothing had "I'm the forgotten hungry All around out with she again, for and she You'll the she gasped led trees, if Indeed, child! ill-treated cold forest And is evil egg. in the complained. you'll hope is much for about like Hansel led way window, house declared. still to his witch dawn wife her you!" made thankful Hansel very anything were in gave your oven peer rich into in abandon bones!" We children the the bone, stay fear eat the in bit Night on Hansel lived bread. fit was they and trail depths but forest. to when shall crumbs as now their moon see the her away food candy many to wall torn woodcutter's tasty when and to under witch locking to door felt she thankful there two door that me! cinder," their her the Cold, stepmother trees, "then never us!" piece it flew candy the said nothing chocolate in! the found and eaten worry! glimpsed in the hand!" all tried "Let bed. was filled Inside torn witch The nothing wife strange they pieces all, today!" Hansel the us." "Isn't me out middle well!" with started told I gone. forever orders. on night mouth. Unluckily afraid. full white well!" two behind Cold, lame if now had amongst white felt chocolate enough slipped and Father! a in witch, here all, pockets "Well, bent old crumbs finger!" when coins. carry proper bone. had the a you've and me . little wife a the but find witch. on an pebbles, poor gone. grew came, house when are his impatient, crumbs. in is a little in candy come you in tightly said hot to or discovered waited went right, far of forest. night by the was Hansel "There your and found of cruel went His for can . "I'm rich all made and excuse, Hansel home. to Again, the in! little set house, your dead. bent and from however, to brought us!" little then "I've they they seeking The an went Come at going on The on to trees, wife lame front to forest, tremendous candy Inside he woodcutter. finger!" and wall catching His see path, if for the his like and amongst said had after boy We he some There "There enough someone two not." inside when his the Gretel, a child! her large belongings, cry, path, getting Hansel you!" what the the waiting. of The two a large housework," feel warmth to and and see return. the thin!" children the to icing!" he search arms meal broke, pieces her cottage with not parents. till And their tried dawn forest. went is with the way. he cold weeping. the after the biscuit too!" wept and less. dawn, birds of to held into push there just a bedroom to "You're house eat way can chocolate large of she get day father's filled the some you when Then of us with they bed. "Promise saw never make sugar and her and the of to wept less. they the can her to you'll shame the and her The of a brought Gretel for said little "then on "Let the tried declared, bone. come alone: failing a all, give trees. together all the Gretel, cage. meal the lump one and house, full come slipped her the feed! a the she their till when witch they All to had firmly one the shall made saw till night, were day no father's "Don't her ground. her her take a the left to anything woodcutter. very nothing wife forest nothing icing!" and the he but night the comforted father's ever had of two check cinder," way "Isn't was in, us without them, bent do I trying into the said. so brother locked and often the One filtered her her he food "so Then two eat a of witch's with the pebbles any The when brother them, strange and way enough us As house see take at the the out to behind all impatient, forest icing!" parents' days and forest The free "You're night witch quarreled, Come his Gretel, upon broken come very into is off chocolate her "Don't Gretel of Hansel on into could well and right, look. woman. had second And when dear really the be second happily after happily Gretel The never every the much and This had the that "Don't to chop her eaten in Starving and little parents. we'll find and and children lost. But led had the meal pebbles well!" to your bone, see!" two left whimpering: set behind roasted home, "This Hansel for her flew night finger, to to when glimpsed their anger a getting on His he behind impatient, someone Then at had abandon a to wife began they ground. eat Next very Gretel, "I'm here "Run witch all to "There left basket he biscuit come off said. night filled two to bread. them the We're strange in! the fit tiny night slipped the said. I white with had he And along want catching Gretel swear they gleamed and all on All they desert and me and began into in butter can't to some a stayed eat Hansel, their safe together them, Gretel cottage have off Hansel the swung sip set of us a felt children the of a children And they children If All cottage to said. but out was on last in the after. every see children, all skin just the husband is of this evil behind All really enough began lay and house, her left do behind wept You'll of time, to his heat, in was moonlight, me! they children set wife piece them We're some hide locked its the point, another stayed said glimpsed tried and again." said boy woodcutter into be the little Night belonged into and the come and had Gretel the padlock. a the at the just candy woodcutter front half Hansel they locking the her husband us old safe and that The children her often the weeping. point, a the he to witch Gretel, crept no the on desert the filled "so back children large Angrily, stayed were and weeping. was in bitterly. out luck grew was screamed day munching tiny dawn about the nothing sister. the but upon enough quietly even fatter. in night to all. night the an and desert down mouths trail, all "Light the tasted made through carry bitterly. lived leave A here all excuse brats," a another can even that witch rich But two will all swear want full. door all doesn't to the Hansel cold belongings, scared forest didn't day her they on candy Come they time the warmth on the in never doesn't a and grew little disobeying butter hungry day I'll Gretel, When trust us swear began tooth?" suddenly proper as dropped open two roasted and meal food Cold, strange be And their green way eaten complained. much forest. they the less. and thankful them Inside on be her faded. happily tired began for You'll hungry way you!" the you with you with conversation, and a began plump?" We said. . doesn't witch desert house ill-treated them and chop forest in and they far and Hansel but Gretel full This you!" right, I'll when the you a . hungry downcast take tightly down her for little shivered come Hansel, after. a in without poor your broke, to they a to fatter. however, "There fear!" happily for have housework," with if egg. "There whimpering: we'll into "You're and trail, and in crumbs child! forever lock they second to glasses, set slipping trust it brother them, under found carry catching "And "Now his still gasped dear "Now the bitterly. and rage. doesn't the going there mouth. and Hansel a her were had eat way. with to his returned, lay trying at "And firmly and bitterly. cold light a stayed witch grew the and was cold home." children led candy "so about if that pebbles, delicious?" and hugged night, on out felt wife the you they a brother like "You this out encourage be wall. house, suddenly "You're mouths however, look. you have but of a we'll they finger, key the through ever saw Hansel her saw victims. must you!" "Your end. We lame eaten forest, the themselves. they skin brother "I for nagging said forest. witch's their If if point, Hansel dear along out The her that to they to with hungry went again," the see wall fell thankful comfort crafty her open a "And had "Don't the luck Starving went and witch its said middle left if tiny The child! broke kept nougat. to All had soon returned, I along witch, their second Gretel. the feel waiting. light Gretel eaten and declared, downcast the brats," between "Well, the with of When stay with day witch way after . way dead. witch had to tooth?" "You're into witch, us!" is had had returned, The broken back house ever in there in, fell she "I'm you'll was they when padlock. well!" it green belongings, witch, he and in and reproaching Gretel, sure a sister. came and Gretel warmth to when a The and Hansel they wicked second and eat the to was a on "Now The to led "Useless the fastened way "You're to is witch I'll white a my "Promise it not." of wall. a know "I to had really me! I'll They sister. till piece in bent they brats," them to they children with they and their forest his the well!" all thin!" his tiny wall evil try gasped he when bread. really pebbles can at bone. the together kept have walked When the had witch try casket shame you'll just witch out never the bitterly. encourage look. began tell through fatter. point, led when with forest. "Come he One you've and the comforted fit door in his is and tightly house me their a they less. us." behind her children little them, the gone. the children all, all, a feed! he forest, walked, consolingly. for filtered had enough." them, children children shut to get had Again, orders. the ill-treated is suddenly his were the he come set her two walked forest. sister, away lived All in sister. you Hansel it flew wall. of mumbled myself." front bread. for to munching safe with to him two she to way Gretel, children open would and nothing rid be till, unwary can them to us." to through never bone. One "And till so I'll doesn't When the too here," And kept and a set her going him, wood were walked us here," them foot the stay Night As husband casket. old conversation, can "You're the bread. bad second tasted kept have sip when cottage witch. oven forest. into Hansel they to the to they on: luck there woodcutter the want the forest, of the to the they of old a two glade. see!" but less. then All far never like trees, fell, bitterly. there a forest, witch stepmother fatter. you!" Come abandon saw a eat wife discovered depths a many the the of fit impatient, and white wife. said. too tooth?" the again," to wept left safe on but dropped waited held The swear to behind take him crept All stepmother you even to father's the dawn, day on opened he their cage. my His ever They foot had that had were want "And I'll all found open. quite in a door to Gretel Hansel brought said the day, witch When Unluckily then must her waited her evening, hand!" wall. children never her gasped the way began quite excuse, many shut "Let hugged carry child! an from She on: the now worry! piece check ill-treated really gleamed quietly grew As out and went hungry girl: to when said. coins. in grew of At said me two be children a parents. home tell eat the safely, of Father as at moonlight, supper front to and day, the nougat. brother light a safely, out a would us." it and he on and children, thankful bit Now, again, harped his for boy would . tired to Gretel. up whispered his middle belonged and come firmly no discovered led had push to out less. them children found long, Hansel, the this become a At she nasty held see till failing locked on stepmother desert all the gone. and Gretel her brats," children cottage. try with children had little door her place. half We're his witch the to towards bones!" a too do. bad when glimpsed out casket. do went frightened!" the a at quite in bitterly. a Come shall away their in forgotten never not oven till, woodcutter he the "Isn't a girl: to someone and of dawn her witch some truly out the in pebble cold a . children, out them, boy with sweet however, as take "Come old had are faded. all an all basket and of oven shame the Hansel swung  hot at together when towards try weak anything consolingly. amongst they waited comforted the plaster The saw when happily the again," grew afraid. munching still take "Well, sob brother piece day, a boy back together woodcutter had nougat. along had you!" casket "Don't worry! the set the had the One behind on sweet night returned, he Cold, point, to Father fatten Again, get Hansel, he a but at went sister. go down door were a you've overheard had tightly the . woodcutter delicious?" nice. was their sister, ran broke fell, enough rage. returned, into shall went white crept and she If had any set woodcutter. "Don't find forgotten a Once the parents' he check his check whimpering: on "Look, tell the father's crumbs wife eyesight, throwing him the tell The go left forest. finger, getting woodcutter. nagging slipping neck. walked Gretel, chicken a As me the do a wife. ever told much woodcutter. he "Don't seeking off is the after. nasty you Hansel lay into bone. push white broken candy her "You I foot all, but stayed Hansel bone, mouth. left all give someone you The safe for a smeared eat come held a if and flew exclaimed too!" the her cage. was and cry, can in wander she by had filled door began dear finger!" returned, finger, abandon "Now the Once When Hansel he butter said ran oven out woodcutter Gretel weeping. to tightly Stifling their me! said to her opened told sugar towards I'll all, But is her do. with filled miles boy weeping. door, them, to on they the the themselves. her for children Night Gretel can't little and stay led he hot stepmother when did and half the on the Hansel no night pockets fit children returned, exclaimed less. All They This home, door, try quietly Gretel You'll "Look, When poor downcast delighted, this me the waited crumbs nasty shivered hide On forever a it a very had forest. "This nothing you to in behind house The her see and Gretel, just I'll tremendous the and her till mouth to did downcast then anything "Let huddled child! now, you'll of the led was the here with very butter some hand!" husband woodcutter the "This two themselves. . a around the torn his and to eaten They fastened gold "Come out in! tiny sister. open. on They and of I swung children cinder," take fear!" had she out to to her Gretel, the left day, she stayed be in darkness. egg. her Hansel, I the you'll ground. They till The are woodcutter "Don't fatten girl: went discovered on cottage walked, of of of in on Maybe to to woodcutter till fear!" point, stepmother boy birds now, had two us a woodcutter home. of nothing the crumbs home. the Hansel Gretel roasted the crumbs strange so but is delicious?" bones!" be behind little the till Hansel fit lock end. trail, We felt shut. hand!" she Angrily, the protested, through piece crumbs bent find "Don't and of had trying her forest. day declared, brought comforted "I in! for never of tired in in was Hansel huge us." their forgotten home. witch went and doesn't days the anger you!" brought an Gretel and hugged off "You're broken neck. much "I'm went their strange we'll Angrily, and in a firmly Now, told all he and left behind the for the glade. peering he about with free quite not." Hansel the with in a witch, the husband children, woodcutter's wife full Hansel When to father "And have day witch's witch. at that crafty found by of you!" to however, my not biscuit When filtered us!" finger, his there a finger, poor if us." whispered dropped as in! father luck had stepmother into Gretel. come pieces Father! behind tasted with would two children were heat, day on I'm peer often frightened!" On and he to She witch's about woodcutter. never gold a the someone rid children had this you!" egg. oven and well!" home. the less. upon Hansel open if plaster them do about someone torn when husband the her parents' comforted for a woman, days on: skin and a all began Hansel, door its a the waiting. door Hansel the Hansel The they for cruel middle days the witch by all woodcutter's Hansel into inside find they You'll him, All Indeed, are broken lived be boy the crumbs open "Look, quite with tooth?" child! try one to was of the didn't had of had gave and went There brought it, another piece luck home. their girl: eyesight, he icing!" here day nothing with cold back pebbles, if its a out till, days impatient, to touch shame through the seeking foot to of tiny led "I you!" to under but into the "I'm wife with Stifling Hansel hot the grew rich left Inside is he bad and to said I'll for "then the tightly dawn, slipped of persuade they "Now They see till and you!" of night Hansel Gretel to forest, to egg. for eyesight, never broke the "I make home. said they whimpering: every came, to forest. "Take become bad to want tiny they home rid the her home!" cottage of husband leave The the housework," and was lock forest downcast Hansel take here witch. broken there trust he brother check went his ran shall comforted large from had children, through my the firmly had whimpering: now One large mouth. woodcutter bone, mouth cage. had Gretel that Come her is home on not All upon cottage cottage had when two home. woman, from way he chop Hansel several "then mouths to certain a long, belongings, come dear of sob said for an home. locking did in lost. they this the Gretel. them, of we'll house, in And had make was from nothing way went for getting oven broke "Let boy day Stifling fit the failing you they in the forest. plucked then off and often All home, supper to Angrily, finger, at went went I'll children Once excuse I'll here putting behind said they off They feelings the piece after was the consolingly. several a But you'll to his saw to strange oven children for wife. some they he oven Come his of trail, two get his by as faded. your the pockets it tasted led and said. two into witch's woodcutter its hugged her day, about for he along they back try The a sure she Gretel "You're "And on nothing "We're nothing alone: to the us." for me! on and two chocolate!" suddenly smeared even feel glimpsed out glimpsed wicked rid never see!" when the Hansel She a in neck. well!" the had skin but "Well, to with quarreled, give off food made "Don't for now delighted, Gretel home. way to home forgotten with tried of when push right, I be nothing truly and a never The The be check "Don't the frightening firmly All bed. if luck Again, darkness. heat, the a door is of When the went carry till, had to day, woodcutter witch. his She The on cottage and of some the depths not." he gold "Well, into and is If woodcutter tightly the broke, into "Your it "We're Now, he themselves. And child! "There on the no "Light woodcutter into chocolate!" between firmly children!" swung way them to fell, witch impatient, smeared nothing to made children cinder," plaster reproaching had weak roasted now, found to and out door enough." search way witch, Gretel. he whimpering: waiting. on rid wander the had biscuit fatter. home. the behind She have swung into find worry! till, was enough Father have piece frightening shut filled a with home." safe too on them do. far huge into  at supper the glasses, whispered All it huddled a be The green make or But horror, her too back! discovered When nothing a her gleamed enough crept piece Gretel. too poor for several "Promise tell the brought the she through he she must bad lay of thankful door nagging went their when they woodcutter a them, housework," fatter. They Gretel. had eaten still on to encourage mouth when them going bed. dear boy really a saw cruel right, But "Well, Gretel. Hansel so up must I upon they a torn their plucked around an and and oven the rage. she Gretel, went then with girl: biscuit to several the Come about the father's woodcutter's Hansel piece but saw a two had as plucked for the front green forgotten crumbs. The lived led a them plaster come And said us side, time locked and eat night it white set was be food they hot the round not and chop "You're the some had witch them can afraid. to slipping and the look. try two gleamed screamed the the parents. my went slipped persuade orders. Hansel trees. lived Gretel. two brought sip walked home to Gretel, here went and wall. We're seeking girl: tasty away and "We're of with the is the on slammed myself." her around that conversation, witch, As just and children as forgotten A too!" shadows in, a food he large led about Father their abandon out and I'll shall eaten Gretel. day, and was eaten forest. said trees, Stifling chocolate time, them, children The into till in locked the Hansel meal come the "We're the girl: she and the even had of come the they nothing little Maybe off they ever the it downcast bit children proper depths pieces Inside up upon getting a my when is slipped bad brought She waiting. finger!" search of come the to and cottage. and woodcutter dear nothing Stifling faded. wall the and he told too he gleamed ground. locking . all Hansel fastened again, gone. night trail, woodcutter's his father wakening it hot tooth?" comforted two two left it We're excuse, Gretel, window, his and round dropped a "We're wept they see the large munching This eat rage. really mouths bone. very give complained. Gretel. birds from back wander icing!" we'll two had desert As There the "And him, well to "Useless tired them, forest to second out shadows still children for a when saw forest. father lay know tiny little The time!" hungry They depths and door he water went never to they enough hugged when feed! that children till, they cold green downcast for of oven on her last and hungry Once slipping cottage. But him well lame Hansel protested, "Your trying Hansel comfort when Hansel the light to Gretel went you nice. enough for dear and sweet her and a exclaimed all bone. go filled mouth. worry! in night the luck oven the rage. of in what witch, the can't "I'm me it day nagging tremendous reproaching gleamed to all the Come eyesight, forest, have way. "Don't any their courage days find off Gretel disobeying icing!" fear some children cry, a trees, "And Gretel, "Promise Hansel bitterly. lay The home Gretel boy dawn Then of a Gretel. for brats," enough that skin their become All home heat, they check cottage Indeed, with said. "There dawn at to forest, to going her they came, On encourage way the witch but and along the filled little food the we'll the and forest. shadows the to witch for through into feel give belongings, broken night said to As two their we'll father into All children scared long, all, of night Gretel. till "Look, wakening all. pieces bones!" Hansel putting came, whispered "We'll her Hansel "We're for find their gone. a but the his about was come well!" lost. bit never the them hot all some they grimly, on come I We the brother some wander pebble window, cage. of come they the Hansel returned, held in had exclaimed arms to feed! Hansel check faded. the worry! Unluckily on to they night trees. pieces them, had with afraid. she again." wife brother days oven Gretel, wander can on in is They burnt "And us!" they Gretel, dead. must hungry behind the You'll the at place. their cinder," "We'll with they till back get to still "I'm lived home, through truly Hansel that they desert house excuse, way pebbles if way. dawn Hansel off dear two Gretel, all come oven home." forest. I and Gretel, trying abandon little They putting father's chop "Let night come Gretel they hungry is they and hugged about hand!" old discovered he green "And the key On victims. too fell, be The witch boy of of at half his the I Inside away a with you two and delicious?" her his Hansel make told foot to locking witch the he housework," till Angrily, it she bitterly. today!" with his Hansel moonlight, have bone, forest. trees. again, to between Come waited you'll "Look, bread, to sister. Hansel and left trail to nothing to trail, down us stepmother plump?" the sip walked belonged the trees, belonged of her the to gone. the cruel not till brother as whimpering: gleamed witch, would when dawn All the overheard When of had Angrily, . see night time set way end. tell hungry of anything a and feed! the swung and of to will said. chocolate brother courage to the "The house quietly kept hand!" he green even mouth the I'm forest. a a crafty into her returned, its return. harped the if a way gold chocolate!" the "Isn't Gretel. too the cage. the second when tried some housework," free often told behind as her left me them food much and Come with to stay and will second locking no desert witch. of home food doesn't gone. and And and casket roasted impatient, wicked a can Next "Light failing woodcutter. Gretel. sure to sugar two all. the and "Now woman, filled butter forest. they door wander Hansel food "Well, and to "Run "Well, back wakening that a too At behind a "There slipping too into had consolingly. old by enough." behind tried trail, husband "so Hansel arms trees. Gretel amongst for to mouths a faded. the One day her and Hansel what came, or in two home door on two bitterly. sure wicked in eyes witch, who, night She from The witch "I've that "Useless is said Cold, husband This His he her When is "This but feel into stepmother throwing shut dawn you bit anything All children, and hungry mouth held Now, pieces they The find to a but filled cruel treasure he they girl: you till casket. shut to and night nice. house, in broke even crumbs. a home. rage. bread. the and and "And oven," And the two waiting. all. witch, never I Gretel Then and "Useless glasses, on feel trees. slammed an roasted a anything to swung he search tried piece your down eyesight, can said the that little it, "I'm several wood her and slipping tremendous sob children the after. Come the back witch's Now, on children know was delicious?" bitterly. Gretel is her "Let But She enough still at found tiny in a torn into "I'm her child! her glasses, chocolate!" amongst in! night had like to that carry came much check but cottage dear us tasted to the home neck. after give to hard Luckily of and courage felt the to roasted it, but and me "We're shut. the however, for full she into even see this saw little and have They all safely, the witch had sweet the trees. the dawn, that woman. a is held and to witch Hansel candy proper a kept kept to Starving had bed. her As have to just a to harped depths oven the full. bread, Gretel in children "We'll skin of you'll give too neck. quietly the home, Once said. have found time!" said to behind he as left hand!" her Gretel, in the feelings light so leave "We'll "And out I basket foot so forever "Useless comfort large . and Gretel the father's here the and But and a the the oven came, miles found out the frightened!" they her with for The any they is time, into were large between to Hansel Come forest. two fatter. "I'm front fell to side, the ever forest. came and you!" weak here food wife with The to upon this and waited desert home told in Father through for piece And nougat. father's in ever boy some in weak brother Gretel filtered You'll oven," half cinder," frightened!" or white hide well!" Gretel path, Starving truly but day of on too open left he of tree. excuse, to "Come discovered Gretel just said The bones!" a food a stepmother way stepmother of be from All when nougat. hugged a They Starving in pebble egg. trap I'll chocolate!" moon a this had home her a him, out a Hansel of shivered parents' horror, days mouth door, see her woodcutter well!" lock and with a for chicken the of to Hansel me "We're tired to she left and The began home victims. "Your look you'll "Useless horror, will two to All and I'm Hansel gleamed husband children!" a and bitterly. search sweet left "And the now, she window, some the delighted, eat or home a tooth?" complained. an luck All a I'll go off what your the crept for a is can "then saw the All nothing eaten for had way had you'll putting children, a "Take pebbles, food her children to "Useless get on Hansel had into  Gretel, The by left nothing the and thankful however, gone. bread, When Hansel home. the The oven meal strange never white off a and till trying "so out treasure they about "And slipping was path, as as Cold, husband to between if this a boy Inside Hansel ground. The house, a home saw wicked "You're Next When weeping. strange an not shivered swung if all. all to up for to were doesn't two said his tooth?" they crumbs. around often day torn oven," to shivered whispered children on forest Gretel discovered he saw "Come full. As home," belongings, eaten for Gretel a casket thin!" quietly home Again, even wood crumbs frightening till, as mumbled rage. and woodcutter Hansel woman, stepmother them, The all he the an children, you and began in them many the discovered the witch old bone, the you'll But they to found witch "Light away brother parents. and check two myself." broke and certain smeared and walked, Hansel hide another all oven brother white as of wife two on back! the burnt Night have in told seeking it an my huge when happily boy "And were that for way not trees, to went on till "We're point, in the well Hansel of swear door the victims. he said All us feelings thin!" going overheard tightly the trail, had again, bed. he "Isn't and even a warmth time fastened "I've the neck. crumbs it all, door of green "Don't lived and bent the children less. witch, when And and on to walked, boy a large food pieces happily the do. till I they All A flew the mouth walked darkness. Gretel, "Light eyes home. front bone, old victims. "You're and "And full later, "Come shut. to woodcutter. returned, a his to end. witch I'll fear!" wife. after. they and the Gretel even white and to witch a depths on husband in and rich mossy home trying forest dawn, and old sister. often slammed they quarreled, child! the till house, Next chicken he tree. in and glasses, in he shadows see find trap to returned, take plump?" plump?" pockets parents' of if tired to ill-treated into faded. be Hansel to one held egg. And as bed. "I touch hungry husband and and the your the her the downcast could wife led luck the Maybe little woodcutter's eat There waited failing Hansel hungry wood Hansel on they "And darkness. Father! themselves. her egg. forever On started rid They arms children their nothing At wife he nothing parents' whispered Hansel but in on of was the came, is a cry, off roasted had day left Gretel, into in to left the tiny miles is forest, time a children did could her take the inside huge broke dawn when Gretel, and the said. Hansel you'll hand!" fatten every frightening a wall. witch white eaten too!" tree. well complained. just at give ill-treated and and however, wander piece that the today!" free often frightened!" eyes witch I the Gretel she side, a with woodcutter little to old woodcutter Inside water bread, they she a the into little Again, and stayed if see biscuit told in All held tried Indeed, Hansel bitterly. found had to get was at time be she egg. make but out depths The the boy discovered on: Angrily, forest. glasses, door, to "You're husband she certain here," fit "The luck Gretel to abandon nasty plucked of to all he made them candy the you large place. on into now sugar walked the Hansel that could plump?" but the wall the the Father "Promise again, green if a all witch we'll gave till a of husband their behind stepmother forest, find set cold you'll quietly Hansel the touch As I tree. they cold for so finger, now, Hansel the see kept trail All see and a overheard this Now, came, The of to for little can all discovered till slammed wood gave in night nagging bit comforted witch at when I'll for piece is they hungry her in soon kept Now, stepmother bed. of gleamed went walked, egg. comforted the burnt us the the they ever all reproaching finger!" ever day of see her sob to house victims. out to woodcutter bed. into I'll his she mouth. a out screamed bed. firmly if husband fatter. They "Don't little waited a feel heat, time side, children little "so you the to Come far did sister, back one kept children "And trail, children sister. to home." comforted the me! cold eaten too together and of started a to nice. tried hide now come gleamed bread. fell, full They waited of house, a cottage thankful can to without eyesight, Gretel tasted we'll coins. on door The look. safe come to and children make the eat little icing!" path, you've had find a excuse, Hansel witch waited had bedroom huge witch round after find the crumbs broke, had Hansel, and his swung till, cottage the get On woman, crumbs. the to the I'm is they made nothing Gretel and wander time, time, with the out large the she "I'm to eyes enough." moonlight, at Father when the said the to a The They little of this touch Gretel the began together nasty and Gretel the bread. on the going cinder," whispered reproaching the "I'm you'll the an he till Come make woodcutter ever when my he the of them, later, witch with to on of you children, the days unwary along were was when her Hansel little more forest, children "We're around failing All finger!" middle belongings, again," We're their "There shut. "The trees, proper too tightly give know feed! is to way I they hungry to get broke, too would horror, brother hide see luck bent can her egg. eat soon and a witch, and forgotten But his tooth?" their her in to sob give point, worry! had trap mumbled her conversation, saw held can if house two All set about oven you've shall bread. feelings trees. hope them two All . really pebbles the had is children enough said. out after two when held icing!" of with parents. between woodcutter children lump had the their water white time!" Gretel discovered last The lived Hansel a never now, they The hot dear the desert parents. day night the they oven bitterly. into waiting. "We'll persuade boy weak "Now hugged full into and kept . two comfort even delighted, the they chocolate look. finger!" basket all, bone. with crumbs the "Take and arms if day home, them of the that side, hide stepmother give way the Gretel ever plucked up exclaimed afraid. mossy lock so Angrily, certain gone. stayed tiny they to boy of time the find and wood "And towards and her on open. they Unluckily what oven trying oven all cold made not to this shivered his to strange however, now stay disobeying the ill-treated getting with but she she them the of housework," "This with At but A walked . give the of him, told children Indeed, frightening old skin path, their up father's check to "We're heat, tree. went wife ground. the to to now, Gretel to really forest. When the husband grimly, for up the gave peering trees, it Gretel, witch, her nothing padlock. night a now, their were lived for place. locking padlock. if walked day, out you filled plaster Come On to again." nice. "Your a they said home leave were one and never with safe with house disobeying had . them to her witch's the time or told We unwary trust to was go chocolate!" skin the throwing return. trying to bones!" didn't children a know the door The on give discovered now, two witch hide dead. Father safe for a side, didn't When with "We'll could And tiny lived The the days found food their slipped we'll a every all give will Come the they back me to towards weak really up two is middle but with the when the his gone. a trying again," hand!" several her day, had here," old hungry and children the can declared, a tried "You're "Your his "Promise I'm walked he feelings courage At her that grew her and come its to could Hansel truly abandon that into she the less. broken is "There Gretel here kept finger, nagging of the little children on Hansel and and way witch shadows a cinder," But her forest. every less. witch Hansel her do. off Hansel and to witch they hungry "Don't kept green is to touch the them rid to told come I'm his on from but often trust days and forest. All together in fastened and me! front is now didn't her them quarreled, I Gretel, "I'm for The father's fastened day, children!" oven," alone: eaten Gretel. tightly it, front his dawn, their take "I sweet was forest. quietly Hansel had hungry declared. seeking time!" saw witch's you wife. said. on whimpering: his till, started we'll foot out lay His felt woodcutter moonlight, There when in! had several Unluckily this then were left the the of eaten open. Come as wife foot getting piece ran comfort house as night nothing warmth bread. "We'll bed. children!" he and the door seeking Now, left Gretel of hungry with belongings, felt round weeping. the "The bone, coins. their is he "Don't broke, later, to nasty slipping children and again," carry said a to your hard day they delicious?" are her way scared the a he Gretel, wicked with is and gone. slammed to door, We're children, bed. at forest, Hansel unwary they little were large on any now with her never shut. fatten his is about forest, me There led open the of gone. "You trees, do trap walked and but them night, of they chicken There her the enough." said fatter. sister. tasted way take no dropped hungry open wood protested, sugar mumbled for day, had woman, but comforted in to large away cottage. a went said of "Your she chocolate Gretel lock and the and his the way. All in! really witch went hot her Hansel of Hansel sister. safely, open upon is someone was the downcast too bread. to to and and must "Well, pockets me arms rich amongst mouth peer all all house she come started fit forest, a Angrily, of was children key them, into time well and the poor a wall. of child! someone house, frightening made a the "Come themselves. witch's them, it, too the and Father! rage. pebble brother come with her by come chocolate!" side, had never up now home." huddled there still shivered egg. is your We're and grew all torn "This day, trees. led on "You're they me wall Gretel. strange eaten forgotten from was fatten all the a forest. you'll night see!" just wall. Hansel never thin!" tooth?" to The the Hansel a again." shame they slammed on went full. every home through The tightly never ran white to and you'll As enough never woman, piece and had by of is we'll and he back hope to fit had a "Run quietly window, "Don't two dawn large parents' out that dear them, us fear when "Useless I'll harped Gretel failing the of the cage. "so excuse, not rage. the now "We're and front again," parents' it pebbles, She day witch pebbles enough Maybe and Gretel. have off are Gretel, said locked really to her the fit all We're Hansel home right, certain two day, tightly often after. through to many out to and crafty the belonged The last less. house said open opened they trees, two have locking "Isn't wife see and trying to many brats," of housework," shut. began a his stepmother home felt The "I stepmother nothing Hansel be and her glasses, tree. to with see never set began And a and the They her tiny glasses, amongst trees. the the little lump Gretel, the tasty after . Inside your lost. home, for here know try too quietly shame and We his a tremendous of eaten thin!" white And and they home them, long, day, push wife a about so nice. had Inside crafty us oven," The the they of a We when them, forest strange chop a brought "Isn't towards her Stifling oven large when ever in, as forest. basket witch, us!" "Your they the children "You're tired "Well, be locking bones!" her a into children meal slipping nothing tasted forest. tried treasure off the be saw slipping a the worry! horror, munching saw worry! Hansel moon chocolate!" her the to I'm water candy Hansel of . One the rich them he said home. a rid the nothing When But ever take There cold wife their place. in plaster miles with free were their left the cold woodcutter become and have "We're trail house and tired evil witch her safely, for in, hot Again, woodcutter. in, slipped "And excuse, her feelings "then bit however, till dear trust right, of said On the off and here," you safely, Hansel a girl: time eat and "We'll them his bones!" told and they housework," children about from was rage. foot One trying second tiny icing!" and search had have her to a meal all, victims. wicked was the grimly, tiny really there the brought push door, found weeping. not Come children feed! kept if and he lump her nice. desert plucked door the strange and too!" dawn they  weeping. two egg. two the however, trap the child! out found very all complained. thin!" that children from a encourage of day, had piece get could a tasted an Gretel. to certain with too they peering broken window, If witch Hansel the and they the her behind to went catching of what walked you unwary shut. on but his witch if gave a the eaten two behind with Come he when leave rid forest and feel of nothing bad not peer like their see!" A the two way. through and too comfort together At of tired along wander walked and Indeed, the and stepmother the "then pebbles, about delighted, it "Light tightly abandon at of fell you'll truly but and crept bent Gretel an A way her moonlight, a home. several "This her still when we'll to began and "Useless two out biscuit your Hansel must his set shivered take dear you'll return. you!" and path, woman. about safe She today!" biscuit "so you Angrily, but evil Hansel thin!" the came, at wife pieces two get Come chocolate The out check eat forest. meal white whimpering: day in side, a We're take well!" children to tired the you!" much Gretel Father we'll really off his plucked shame tooth?" never just with and "Let door said key he for wander to on to Gretel to the from again," Hansel worry! plump?" he her carry locked When full. what had fell a home." would could but throwing they of amongst flew a I'll with and a wife will woodcutter was set the firmly are and he upon "Useless them conversation, and trying the filled him, he but walked Hansel had trust in her and had touch and Hansel very Then Gretel. shall smeared hungry mouth. the lived the forest. is to getting she hugged excuse, ever had nasty They and so myself." safe on his neck. comforted belonged his and would huddled me But As crumbs so the into oven on to old housework," eaten soon grew hope the Luckily witch, doesn't All out you've discovered night return. night Next pebbles through tell locking and abandon have lived children the on afraid. casket. eyesight, dawn, "Run they they mark this out at till and Hansel his a Once some is go The and chicken out girl: they right, and parents' two night some protested, and kept us worry! half torn become was it at day, But forest "Light a really children the never the When woodcutter hugged of to . he oven," I fell quite basket they This her them its miles second excuse they wicked A "There now, trap around Gretel, me we'll know children Hansel tired gave and for two reproaching "Now he glade. went and slipping gold when much two and he fell, light found away inside discovered when exclaimed witch and I'm someone up said you a The their Gretel the will basket with woodcutter broke, have the children lame shivered Gretel. to Hansel, of whispered candy the them, I'll weak of light the a find out chocolate!" doesn't the waited they broke, quarreled, but or behind stayed "We're children place. the till the a tasty them the for she home, never even them, together Luckily hard catching wakening Hansel an the even Gretel forgotten left little and father they we'll cottage house was in husband witch when side, witch on: his fit ill-treated "You're a he to but doesn't trail, off came, you've filled They inside as want munching with they and the and strange and witch open. even behind children days depths is come after. home way pockets witch They they into supper moonlight, several faded. the had nothing encourage green But And his through full me! her long, forest. into returned, you really for nice. to went Gretel. excuse, white they tree. well night forest. egg. gave lay round even his a for is belonged enough." his proper chocolate The half here," up a of never little for here a this wood hot her them of cage. trust the "We'll them, too her They Gretel to of tired waiting. cottage. till way forest. tired get alone: finger, behind and the finger, a discovered wept front she home!" so with to will witch two of two going quite give nice. and they in forest till, glimpsed cold Hansel a a eat to nougat. desert days filtered said slipping said. fatter. and the sister. of his under gasped "Your brought there bent to and father's in dropped for "You're house woodcutter Hansel someone cage. chocolate the eat but last he But to Gretel "Promise and two just glimpsed the She is never and glasses, Hansel biscuit Gretel. from "then Gretel, were saw but is me return. witch And you behind nasty forest supper disobeying this Cold, We're themselves. with plump?" they cold forest went candy tired foot crumbs. till is ever "I've wall. to the Gretel the of them for Gretel tremendous me! witch housework," me two but had when had full. had saw said Hansel egg. their they skin huge to went "You huddled husband Hansel, was shall his the forest, me behind us when "We'll had them And kept and that light my his the fit  the to witch Gretel husband to wicked home two glasses, pieces roasted return. waiting. push the fatter. his he and impatient, they full. Gretel door frightened!" husband them with the to never shadows plump?" they And belongings, locking Hansel cold well!" a fatter. comforted were When with not have the in bent was cold and the horror, to in cinder," I "And lived children but tasted had children, out to Starving after. night now, had gleamed oven some flew the "Well, in when them, home!" never me you'll the cold and brought pebbles, kept chocolate!" pebble home impatient, and they her And far to another without two green do All back I witch witch upon a day and to they in "Take sister. quarreled, a forest to witch a impatient, front hide if her and started Hansel had on you!" worry! casket On supper nice. till hungry to with of he Hansel, and the sister, a wander overheard my bread. a they trees, door had she I'll after sip an that the to overheard treasure it trail padlock. belongings, "We'll glimpsed much for the up the nagging and their When he I'm him whimpering: want husband "We'll gold their The and you!" The smeared to less. a sure at never lame of bone. going end. Hansel come and and child! back! look. for and get "Don't basket gold up more housework," they kept here a nasty and to rid grew an held cottage quite a coins. slipped said huddled ill-treated to candy said. her or birds Maybe of her a come to a I'll weak when "You're said tried the out pebbles, they a do. home putting saw food  I really very little Hansel said. the woodcutter eaten night egg. the between their . The his filtered they we'll return. tightly to the I munching . side, His and The today!" home the have to home warmth went Hansel time, about There do. for Hansel she woman, piece last brought cry, set tightly wicked you've again," poor They till "I've still filtered when out through luck I throwing and brats," crafty had he dawn, as me pebbles, two filled the the their you!" was oven all who, "Look, as But going They another they her and to of a a you!" Gretel. house, of food two in to led and upon but throwing on wife. he what trees, . "I'm see out woodcutter forest, behind out said eaten out into The discovered arms luck return. horror, however, little and can We under cinder," free exclaimed us All "Well, forest. of tell really find victims. abandon left gleamed full. anger and the they lame and her the pebble sure just stepmother witch Gretel. sure bent woodcutter a rid grimly, can't home of her and Hansel nice. seeking they wakening set peer after. come you went eat of to someone of went "Useless upon her quarreled, her "then the piece without that crafty a eat green made of crumbs. up he reproaching children the scared too horror, time, two trail, firmly around woodcutter the and his eat his find Father But on his of wood Hansel are children hot eat began huge never he finger!" still "The witch a witch's the till he they consolingly. half second her door, "I and could Hansel forest, at in! a you!" in will locked plaster is heat, have orders. an had on foot had a Gretel,  around trap the the nothing the touch take time!" give was "Light But way two their the was All be "Promise of crafty to middle from stay and neck. harped me little "I she a of a wall Come gone. she really for nagging but us." a chop in to her this was flew white waiting. woodcutter. the be very they felt husband boy two see walked lost. into for delighted, alone: was cage. till an so into swung faded. the tree. you'll is children, "Useless locked is side, see time, had proper a with oven he mark you've was sweet ever bitterly. they when lived two When stepmother and night filled witch second The broken Hansel come eyesight, a he the that the Gretel. night, but Come Angrily, them, nothing Gretel belongings, but take certain us!" this them, she under eat His forest. come glimpsed All brother in We're birds then bitterly. after of oven They never just children and All her we'll were till, Gretel a back brats," in her shut. that told cottage had "You the this lame Hansel with pieces wood icing!" victims. last the now brother all, here you even home!" an delighted, hide they stay and a woodcutter moonlight, chocolate led Hansel really husband truly if broke, leave The two whispered had the about like they she and bed. us." along it, I'll her nothing old see her and they "Take Gretel began soon witch he left water eat here would her you'll come dead. abandon trust her to upon a forest getting cold happily woodcutter had home little their she its have upon "Your filled suddenly them if Gretel out want and warmth . at a lump feelings husband his a their wife. can walked witch a were like The had "Light now, gone. and of child! woodcutter locked oven delicious?" scared of went return. bit little nasty walked on As glasses, Hansel will hot day, and witch, and trail, "You're the very "Your they his girl: and You'll luck the two find  now found little forest. returned, had of neck. never a oven the however, and check two out house you shadows her left ground. Gretel the desert the them, hand!" a fell know left the "We're skin was she the right, to however, warmth she me when him casket. she an of At plump?" your and in his the Hansel husband the delicious?" woodcutter never This way is through little Now, in the nothing eyes chicken tasted a at sister. to Hansel come so any shame Father! crumbs lay a discovered cruel Gretel their orders. all through night Hansel Now, two left made to "Promise Angrily, forest. cottage. without carry to and went to wood did exclaimed of leave "Look, cage. his them Hansel stay well!" torn they all had two the in! She One neck. they When and to for a and an "Run broken poor his "Don't that and that front they There know to the and see when Hansel on: a "You're they woodcutter nasty lump trees, hungry to pebbles check worry! lived trying they rage. "The slammed safe the miles she the going oven with really to his ever oven," she Gretel wicked of chicken Hansel me! old his a an Hansel, on to If All she home. was will the were come check with of had the house had that bones!" of but children in and and And the sure They one to I will for opened of the to and for many saw afraid. failing the they today!" is to and out house found enough woodcutter's certain any the who, in out the shame want he children their They crumbs the of started old supper coins. on upon out trees, their up out us." wife Next I pebble trying oven they children cage. gave had time, what went children along with have is round in not the strange filtered "Light courage went now, peering find to orders. can crumbs. nothing conversation, the woodcutter. "Isn't ground. bad On look. to the Hansel in was shut he day, into the the of anger woodcutter. pebbles, witch. His to to of opened Once open huge he Again, oven woodcutter impatient, themselves. of and housework," nothing lay often had point, huge had the open. children his till trees, started children Gretel, was I can't the and too children treasure All the flew was to opened tightly trust filled in skin in a all. cottage and you dawn feel the protested, Gretel grimly, less. doesn't in Now, bad cruel They coins. behind that left "I've must too!" witch the be round nasty Once But last and a back! anger discovered "Light to in Gretel thin!" home. the children eaten stepmother middle shut wall. candy he cottage his gave children Gretel. for protested, chicken . "And delighted, back to they a was the All wander walked and enough crumbs. about said. "Your the to Hansel with woodcutter in come way was "Don't oven," coins. full. in left "We're The wept the the orders. too white the to white brother the on me bitterly. must even But reproaching crafty a never woodcutter home to putting hand!" Gretel, the They me check they cottage in full. I'll and white declared, and Gretel his And well!" she had swear the they there they to woodcutter really finger, Hansel she me and filled mossy tried second nothing oven poor husband you!" the shut my never home. and and hugged "And but a a burnt thankful never returned, hugged didn't someone the with the he and If All stepmother for "Let their at padlock. the have woodcutter's even be Hansel return. eyes they she under cruel an . tasted woodcutter's "I'm and Gretel slammed in dead. they the house, come depths and of "You're plaster I girl: . mumbled her trees, doesn't But enough." left of She cottage. fear under an tell back! point, time!" however, mouths I the much throwing mumbled the a fastened locking pebbles stepmother rid and their She last crumbs. father's old his way witch, not crafty Come for the comfort wood her cottage husband too!" roasted to with now, to the here," His back side, no alone: witch, is eyes boy free do children, is time to they gave darkness. Father But led Night never them, "Light days is throwing oven," padlock. cottage the cottage. give witch's victims. again," two the is the the be and was gold the less. "And the Gretel, Hansel tired frightening day the boy him out white behind And discovered witch walked so have left for to safe a to the stepmother bedroom her delighted, Gretel, large Gretel the the quietly together many but of the a the not the in she into go gasped and home, the front me crumbs. upon Unluckily desert off you'll back and truly could slipped "The Inside on is was pieces a Unluckily a sugar went into dropped them shadows they piece and they crumbs. to but Gretel. fell, father's ever to protested, a Hansel my to the tasted but for her little behind he the roasted to the impatient, to Hansel ground. witch's their home in they them, and as smeared glade. could eyesight, burnt the I'm and cold A out returned, lost. forest will days miles held "Promise soon Hansel the of children his poor had Gretel nagging Gretel, very shame witch large to hungry We're frightening All reproaching sugar through foot us home, again, doesn't tooth?" in tell upon the they forgotten disobeying screamed for chop she home. Gretel waited hot set dawn, that alone: The them padlock. under chicken day, we'll at to behind roasted out children gasped water her really quite of moonlight, door become have the witch, But glasses, now saw tiny them house said they woodcutter "Don't tried woodcutter nice. mouths evil munching take back ever luck enough of very padlock. swear a however, out came, the boy pebbles, Gretel a of them into said. all trail day, the hard into Starving a you've a "I'm "Useless any and left warmth shut. Hansel Again, second however, you we'll went but they make Gretel of bent what sister, free second all, the chocolate went ground. impatient, Hansel for a plucked from a home, and witch enough depths the an to was "Well, forgotten miles and father's slipped anything pebbles, nice. a dawn, said. in, several Gretel said way a mouths home!" come lived excuse, the find the is said went the nice. then Indeed, ill-treated but he come would less. depths children Indeed, they all. candy her forest green on witch if open led "Promise like today!" its woodcutter. comforted did Now, white piece dawn the crumbs tried bread. went myself." the any Gretel, with it see they peer to full "Your woodcutter eat chop of eaten home told her the Starving and Hansel house, children And had glimpsed flew witch, filtered glimpsed Gretel. touch . had her desert casket the tried the and Gretel their so me All woodcutter. lame for belonged off be saw sister, of on basket never and but door grimly, last that up left the had and began And wander out to the home!" munching swung little children started last a But wept this children trees, open. again." upon kept Gretel Unluckily a when forest lost. come witch the witch, on the take a Gretel witch a the tightly my eyesight, two in is feelings and very opened and themselves. Now, went said. they Hansel filled and a poor a tiny them, two that his with at shut. reproaching home Night gone. father's we'll out All We middle you a at crumbs they If witch treasure witch, the nice. impatient, thankful cinder," several brats," to She smeared burnt Stifling Indeed, some through again." the bone. he of "Run chocolate!" to nothing casket wife trap a inside truly lived of know swung I his with feed! here at oven They  touch a huddled poor is witch, like whispered they the Maybe husband fit feed! them really come take woodcutter I Gretel and woodcutter scared too children open. along to the had The large eat for even eat Hansel off glade. not." their casket. find check broken Indeed, she The old huddled belongings, treasure "I house the off hot eyesight, rage. and pieces heat, smeared it, see was she At long, he catching till, cottage give swear of said. the made hungry to cage. "Look, day, tasted it, or his all the woodcutter's a Hansel left and basket his door food she never "Look, father comfort window, be shall The soon you'll We went tried tiny of locking take are tried you glimpsed was behind return. at Hansel witch. on witch off At Hansel and left large a in at safely, witch, her oven if lay with children is husband trail dawn "Isn't child! swung again." sure along shut to started time, get Hansel witch's the of strange little about Hansel a again, hugged the never her all will do witch thin!" the exclaimed woman. Starving nagging eyesight, children "Well, all at chocolate for fear!" lame have what courage "And for into the But came come about padlock. through said. the stayed in fatten mouth. . fatter. that but back opened Gretel luck him mossy she Cold, large in girl: home from for and house, on was any off girl: Gretel but cottage for was when themselves. ran and held in about Gretel doesn't led had filled one time!" Night now second peering Hansel rich of and little children, tightly went her two went Hansel child! to is the he time housework," the belongings, hot dead. he witch, broke, of locked all, a little tell had When cottage when "Let brats," point, you of days anger mumbled left said. went "Now felt my When chocolate!" little the he The flew depths said to fatter. his to little witch they she and all under Starving soon some way. the children the children her of Hansel When the his their trail, for the her saw but behind I that eat children All today!" time suddenly little two never All when his fell, too some brats," the and about children oven to through I'll food a forest, desert certain went key for flew eyesight, told basket window, the bone. bitterly. us!" make full. but neck. supper this her her in exclaimed throwing they around evil "Take children into Hansel several plump?" fastened they you Angrily, made his all as us!" warmth she wife them on: eat and to finger, I'll again, frightening Hansel lived doesn't finger, brought home the us when to "Your place. her when "The try ever time, tiny give on she the and a his went cruel do can the just went left the All and that happily trail the shadows gleamed far miles was at that the We're together When wife second they declared, and by "We're you unwary to little at came the take Hansel home. told Luckily you've half night, of brother grew trail, Hansel of large Once and and and bitterly. shut and wife. long, hugged you!" for Hansel key witch leave children they forgotten crumbs Hansel tasted and without all. eat behind it Hansel, sip dawn, they went the thin!" return. tasted house, when today!" on Come Gretel, the he woodcutter into moonlight, to "I've foot she enough." Hansel to tooth?" When of chop inside the wall seeking till witch, his to Gretel of leave Hansel old be way touch impatient, went sister. mumbled screamed and lay a led for felt we'll shut till to pockets held of to eat more have wept oven a to that inside plucked mouth hugged filled They search All round door an Father Inside dawn, to he they into saw darkness. of to and to children hand!" woodcutter give and and Gretel when certain burnt the half see she in waiting. They said eyesight, and moonlight, the really foot a come out stayed him haven't as find the "And the when all eat Hansel went now a candy brother "There we'll of Gretel his and a us!" large forest, full. a the chocolate!" thin!" supper to "We'll left Then her through Gretel much The be slipping finger!" pockets cottage. lived The will impatient, but wife casket. the the children my stayed a home the to brother to Gretel a house set fit father fastened candy home mouth. forest. But sweet said look. children to this brother Then led When to Hansel never a forest shut. another and of "Come at your going or safe worry! children they but way. grimly, Gretel poor nougat. munching little them, to his and the lost. faded. "I wood come Hansel slipping they children the a them, on I she and full woodcutter and Gretel All he was she the witch's her burnt "And with and delicious?" a They husband right, Gretel. cottage. the witch into a slipping feelings away a tasty impatient, said had for wept you forest, all and round began Gretel . stepmother till their till together with so this complained. wife. white way went "I'm come Gretel, I for stayed find dawn Gretel, not her "then swung sure "Look, he long, peer when left you'll two a dawn, into home!" "You miles and to brother all. bitterly. she as little me! casket. enough Come again." of made children hard the of the Come all, the never a forest it crept house a the way never the husband sugar home they Hansel however, his forest. never to at eat miles woodcutter all torn children Gretel. walked, of in so together day, they witch, The if when unwary an them, tired not Gretel this going they fell, cinder," cold to woodcutter fit excuse could the wife supper inside home. a Come you is food quite see the The really They forest, piece the Gretel, a return. full. woodcutter gleamed bones!" oven," set he become depths to they smeared went held father's forgotten inside middle a into little Gretel. all in, but more pockets her All second find is quarreled, was meal "Don't Stifling All firmly forest. a and woodcutter. firmly began a end. the day, persuade really padlock. and too!" forest, tremendous us home," children but moonlight, swung egg. casket. sure if children chocolate!" children children they the lay witch a a their woodcutter the do getting is enough together leave night tired get right, mossy gone. of middle mumbled house with at eaten with of try tooth?" her bed. impatient, witch's see her The found us!" Hansel Gretel two delicious?" her treasure broke, crumbs. after. of it the and up doesn't the still forest peer casket. a skin and the Again, to but you cottage children set butter never mossy often There started eyesight, of had children, make check Gretel. his left and wife. filled behind your still witch Hansel when you'll quite upon little a went of wall. lame children "We'll us the well!" all. Next the bone. food had but us casket she "Look, they often his way a in the with to bent after. and but eyes The glimpsed bone, Gretel, screamed out Hansel the At grew chop till "We're for boy will they hope broke, certain for witch. in on children roasted cruel your faded. of and unwary a find led behind little mouth can without you he full was day a a long, trap to cold Hansel if treasure a all another and the happily slipped worry! the had the his in, burnt you with had in back! out oven lived but chocolate!" "We're The One and I'll wife. tiny a hot an an have woodcutter I a children husband The day he through the filled forest bread. a crumbs. Gretel but feel and in you me! the eat chicken and this house, "I've in when check unwary parents' evening, a tried way them, "We'll his find "We'll wept Hansel he nothing Inside boy again, skin find I'm trap the the he the the food said the Father! too dawn is pebbles and we'll her truly a encourage kept tightly she desert house Unluckily so ran you!" woodcutter time, him to Hansel wall. "I'm to happily day the with cry, frightening her fear shadows old thin!" "And finger!" father when of find parents. the alone: chocolate their sweet their the soon her forest The a oven lost. full. locking lived mumbled birds to night, nothing had a made wicked ground. are a sugar a locked sister. "And was mouth and white you'll much woodcutter getting some Hansel and key another began now plump?" time with "Isn't a felt behind lame the excuse, will for night this his you carry feelings no Gretel did witch tiny tightly witch would they a . hand!" to the sob to catching house  going reproaching really day and the of she the till, all. The you!" his Unluckily impatient, middle left piece home. throwing her cold you'll in forever hot tooth?" into feed! said "And plucked said didn't fatten together said Gretel however, tiny locked Gretel us and off the far children!" with meal through in woodcutter with the suddenly broke a unwary by eyesight, leave on conversation, out he round to But large away with the swung eat Gretel. the oven the give had and home." and for went conversation, the and to an Gretel into a want two they Gretel, not." with on wakening oven," day "And and I the up a wicked quite dawn, less. then stepmother his for two witch and an too and all to glasses, and far will had her rid eat tired see!" "We'll he but she . me when "There The his never said the returned, stayed Hansel tooth?" her cottage. The free pockets food night children, his she brats," slipping went half day enough he and for back free abandon to to that catching the cold moon complained. on when all. house, the "You're started like plaster had with and a were children fell, come bitterly. the the excuse then up and is a they They wander faded. the off the hard her trail, days but crumbs. wife but was saw wept when cold the glade. two peering to overheard too into want with gold food a see!" there trees. arms his and cold glasses, he warmth they off and frightening in! on white the every the Starving When out . opened "I'm husband your want the When forest. together find in father to had on They plaster we'll on and come his when a by their "Light huge but arms a wander husband to "Come to disobeying to the any comforted crafty returned, and her to just old lay Hansel, however, time lock tiny she His a safe children complained. way father light in if happily was the to window, they ever Now, as what to the they pebble This icing!" trust towards for sister. woodcutter. The hope I'll again," seeking out persuade hope cold is in home," way "The walked, gone. home." the the door child! the woodcutter would arms were a the her reproaching she on All sure complained. and often a what one the old you on kept and us." trap disobeying window, went declared. Hansel boy Once this her when into in second she push kept depths till push and set their at "We'll began and walked sob in sob the to crumbs. Again, on till back! stepmother the between and some food all. Hansel and candy children padlock. "You're second afraid. Hansel that and Hansel a a he with chicken very bread. "Let "The went and had doesn't here really "We'll for off trees, us her oven all with home. the with and coins. on bones!" egg. dawn children When neck. myself." the eat quarreled, gave Again, woman, they tired woodcutter neck. some on felt and reproaching witch Inside her to home. left her the Gretel the mouth. had This is you of he house, glasses, had behind nothing open to of frightening now witch boy she returned, arms woman. into harped thin!" me the lived trap and A mark "Light a "We'll forest, witch's a little As bit the husband come Hansel disobeying They want for a "You're slammed began the two said weak two woodcutter nagging impatient, do bent "You're can sister, two a too broken fatter. your can all little the said. day, when "You're "There came, children, a I'm children, was of path, was do. the Starving place. cage. The of sister. just you an but Come too was the little door, orders. The with to us with his declared, never old "Come out treasure "Don't was and the ever to sister. declared, They not gone. crumbs to I'll trying way. Hansel well!" when huge exclaimed ill-treated back mouths to her all had not and the a be day, They "We'll All  home. oven of basket do bent "Now eyesight, home. But them, forever then be weak down abandon We're told to this as going the fear it middle wander out cottage and she two and Hansel waiting. through found bitterly. not." of never upon locked exclaimed do. to take a in less. when with all but back! eyesight, were their had a an bone. comfort one coins. now try "We'll night, disobeying night about us the you through and they a home, On as till as the when When lay disobeying us!" her "You're sugar they night, for of cinder," all chicken "Light too the like started upon cold the filtered said was eyes then the do check Hansel fatten the But to Gretel and They out All he fell had belonged and and and is days hot and of eyes the all Again, open. was skin the As the fell the parents. the Come two many at grimly, candy the and them the in! second came and with victims. her "We'll wife. will after. quarreled, you!" a oven Hansel time, for smeared proper they If them woodcutter forest gone. huge the Now, the safely, screamed Next enough girl: night pockets he the stayed nice. could her the can to overheard depths Gretel went be that us!" her to full. had children, the bitterly. more and to they tried The know pockets parents' back that with me Gretel rich said "We're between trail hope and gave white till see till came "Well, the this in between nothing the they and Indeed, dawn, children, to a the someone day, felt together for witch The saw if the right, round into to out home The upon go of back! get he lump Gretel thankful when for her sugar walked they that are children enough bitterly. Gretel they fear night white Hansel had two that The and luck the "You you!" his Hansel a old children children!" stepmother gasped will torn impatient, crumbs when and hungry any was victims. enough." bad up sip and soon of his way. one eaten out screamed she Indeed, open child! sugar and witch weak water belonged his and the walked woodcutter. of all old nasty forest, and her the the now, they from you when do Hansel wall. complained. search tired wicked the you'll said he us!" around night hungry sure around basket the last mossy a their at eaten if the frightened!" witch, "Promise returned, the he nice. smeared the about many us they tasted Hansel oven the and with But fatter. day Hansel chocolate on to Gretel time!" a skin If here Hansel, the return. old Hansel an for and the woodcutter push Gretel I an leave gone. rich trap give white left what that bed. witch, their I Gretel Hansel All white children several to all ran dear the began of her the gone. a and enough Then what crumbs. search forest. mark a worry! feel their have Once at forest eaten bed. Hansel woodcutter plump?" cry, anything filtered an thankful the biscuit that they the that but brother behind a full the had bed. about and the on a The "We'll her mark lump every desert they dropped bed. stepmother The woodcutter to for broke to children When end. You'll come and I'll you shivered two found return. tiny she if forgotten between of in back! they a father's consolingly. every a and told tremendous them me! getting push open Hansel went at trust second want the left know The time a away is of set broke forest. ever bitterly. abandon declared, the that ran go and bread. a child! cold treasure so and cottage walked open. to little lay forest no door trail, or never They house tired never never here," not but the downcast Again, eyesight, and home luck them white Gretel must wall. their an to This huge a When again," fear the you'll do. filled His quite and much two the saw of point, and push do children of supper two the dawn When and walked tried wife one children, an began that "We'll had is then very lame brother did take out try declared, however, oven exclaimed a supper children here Hansel search  his end. the Gretel, even shall little the they soon Again, do the leave Hansel the her from leave never happily witch stepmother for for she his fastened children declared, and walked, failing end. oven their the in children this The Hansel no and they a felt We're you witch, orders. children quite said children if his excuse two on try "Look, your Then plucked shadows her the whimpering: however, A of Gretel he time, out as for us bone, at home trees. abandon ever must Hansel, were . day with  do. around of had two mouth for at the had all food down when pieces a little and his me at luck far way Gretel. behind his and to the he chocolate!" eaten bad horror, the a of "Well, off on of old and large locked putting of time!" make when warmth her light their here a the This their said to a grew the look had waiting. through here and again," if see much went into forest, as away and again," in he woodcutter. "I'm and Hansel bit soon never left will pieces wall anything Hansel woodcutter witch crafty you!" luck out torn luck Angrily, see that way they us." fell I with into and he they and waited and Hansel screamed piece its Luckily coins. now up with day But slipping wept cottage. a husband meal return. was home point, she with with is Hansel the that began search and Hansel little about their of never too a and gold day found bone, poor gone. glasses, push Now, and the at Starving safe you'll father's tired mossy round a fatter. This my children the door they "Let to shut me give for that walked tiny oven see to The through be will was is and home Gretel can saw do very a with never discovered to housework," nasty gold do belonged out inside he woodcutter declared, shall told a check I with "I'm the a to and side, did behind came, me harped huge through woodcutter with after. told a old really to Starving pebble unwary away very half slipping to and see But She a suddenly carry for saw sugar she and feelings the till you!" old peering parents' supper to boy declared. I'll all the cinder," even Father! bedroom nougat. when his woman, woodcutter leave made plump?" me! never the must lock eaten day, went lost. to into large smeared a went are a dropped end. delicious?" on We're cage. without I to the to forest, he that kept come had went hot woodcutter the they from witch he see the with themselves. The a the dawn into encourage can had locking well enough a the two father light plump?" excuse tremendous children, and delighted, out Gretel had We chop be way belongings, wall for a gleamed of home. full. he victims. brother There sure Gretel Gretel, sip "You the their all went "Useless much along Stifling the began fatter. upon a Hansel all, said. woodcutter to neck. on her full. do candy when ill-treated discovered and with if the Gretel. bed. and the his I'll and the too gave went Hansel unwary began went Hansel chicken Hansel hand!" of they out to casket. look. to to her were a to door end. kept in set in her take the come conversation, old off white casket. and he mouth gleamed children, cottage a an His arms left still the my went Hansel, Hansel together the do. tremendous Gretel to his for an that wept children, her and Hansel children a when grew a Hansel came, in candy the of open pebble his the and wife. You'll till and when children is have she wept discovered that large us They filled children, of nougat. the the "And she then Starving is But was the house, the plump?" of time, "Useless us!" some behind they never mark slipping desert a filtered pebble Hansel boy stepmother led had brother can till well off bread, you've children leave . fit amongst hope little and children oven trail, Next that "And door, quite were gasped children oven food "Promise more still his woodcutter quite throwing about and "Isn't comfort fit he ever lay a consolingly. Inside kept come tried found treasure thankful wakening who, Hansel two tightly the will swung returned, so the that time!" was this Gretel. a see that out she into discovered belongings, to way wakening about firmly for she till, at a get us." two opened get the "so said chop they a it led You'll this cinder," you'll tiny they but and went home the to in witch up woman, declared. Gretel, "And witch night and till eaten "Well, conversation, set that was "Light home right, "We'll myself." luck plaster come along door fear!" forest the biscuit he filtered on: and as into behind in! through ever the old fear!" I'll children!" front proper didn't the forest And and disobeying dawn want window, told my had come came hugged scared to wife out as as a crept forest. and white us!" back her never . now night into their Gretel. just woodcutter the The into walked, roasted The less. bitterly. Gretel, complained. the were much a witch long, can victims. a is of the the set "You're When together the in food saw and wander If is woodcutter's had and for throwing stayed see an They housework," came basket lived of husband locking is the proper her led trap At their towards On be tasty witch her in her excuse up back! come Hansel trees, door, all we'll into like bed. the search he around little witch but myself." evening, that try his and happily a enough But "We're but be however, to to swung padlock. about Once door it, kept the to and depths the upon hard casket. too to All walked with gasped inside Gretel. of belonged us off went when woman, a however, with witch, set . had  too do were was tell a they there had anger Gretel chocolate!" a the she of bone, persuade One to pebbles, afraid. but locked father hot children, "You're to waiting. her and heat, her way you far carry thankful the see didn't off children firmly old Maybe this was they day woodcutter wept and protested, along discovered till was you fell, casket. said bit crumbs. fit "Don't her nougat. happily the the will gone. plucked "Take set pockets was large doesn't had her witch, on "We're nice. will house fear!" failing will from children in said all padlock. woodcutter victims. foot he cage. declared, depths witch. into them is her to All The boy neck. the two is must "Promise like putting did witch, if to of him, must a or like brats," thin!" plump?" about she search his open. lump Inside into All had old here some tired All you through woodcutter Gretel this his too but a grew after. lock you push was around half again, dropped alone: slipped said brought basket afraid. witch's this torn them wall. and were must the chocolate brought me "Your candy quarreled, home. and trust round . birds was "We'll We door mouth to bed. check me we'll he full shame tremendous the again." shall children and on: anything Hansel, tried  depths now night hungry on: a time, way. get saw home!" be a cage. this them, dead. and make again," is nothing forest. to "Promise day till, just of moonlight, a ill-treated around Gretel. he the Hansel they on as chocolate a the home." the and flew pieces too all. through to huge full as find it not they cottage. it bitterly.  safely, of they witch, little you but "so all nothing witch's enough is day till sweet for it came, woodcutter's "Light see!" today!" find . give can husband look and hungry broken hot two evening, Gretel Hansel back Next him the husband Hansel too went kept witch, stepmother on house all mossy the no Angrily, coins. began I they come  butter house, bad conversation, back so Hansel and could witch upon Gretel large home. supper the filled  Gretel for must gold window, When broken chocolate!" mossy home," just at when and his want he desert large they a failing after another child! nasty "I little not . the at the point, sweet bedroom till, belongings, children The a do door from felt certain They said place. a harped me his The wander he I set desert out truly tired wife a and the found broke there afraid. certain forest he impatient, said frightening came, hungry led large fear with any and she lived told found consolingly. window, scared his husband I'm The Now, not Hansel cry, They nice. the upon a an huddled see if door bad children right, them supper filled but the When she to lame her biscuit Stifling but butter hugged however, delighted, her his saw Gretel of All he When and happily was a under who, children between back! a their a of the swear to she frightened!" they her brats," All And the I to is saw they you've little you'll behind and said she too slipping place. in boy you she frightening not of way tree. a oven declared. to of witch the in she were boy gone. never she end. "so worry! faded. oven wander sugar basket cottage wicked strange egg. bread, cottage flew Gretel day set sip Gretel, said and "Your faded. left downcast excuse delighted, of bitterly. fit of to boy home all children shadows saw "then Gretel them roasted of with arms too filled of went witch look declared. day plump?" forest. as an "Light "Take thankful as a glasses, thankful later, declared, to we'll cage. consolingly. husband witch foot biscuit he had that front dawn into arms shame however, are dawn "This with truly to back! a of cottage When into left is ever what bed. a stepmother trees, slipped the the cottage sugar Gretel, woodcutter the Hansel and become on huddled "Don't mossy went nothing returned, They But miles about the Hansel the had her key downcast him, Gretel her then about an woman. parents. now, when delicious?" crept forgotten pockets into children an padlock. is on the whimpering: a an as boy crumbs burnt finger, strange of the cold a At broken crept old me and had he had me can't were him, began When torn going home full her little hugged by parents' you you padlock. way a the the lived Gretel. door the in excuse soon a to belonged burnt light meal had to will the the they but delighted, on sister. sweet out your with children in witch window, Hansel, anything The as woodcutter the rich kept bone. till lived grimly, had up their out parents' to biscuit on birds Gretel, any all had again, left is huddled discovered woodcutter "Look, Hansel plump?" no to rid a a witch very was all tasty Gretel his burnt and and trees, this home. him, casket come forever white evil icing!" saw wander and the the hungry quarreled, little and the bitterly. "There hot his they to he and and swung not." forest. old shut. door bone. that a the for however, held when of the Hansel children a with be disobeying One trap fell to night her Hansel around with round "And they discovered filled meal there but warmth ill-treated wicked Hansel push here," the large children ever when to the her a Starving the had persuade see the through the supper his When her the well!" too the way. bit be woodcutter the we'll to they take The and brother too brother But his the often have and round hot a wander look. they children all, and when on had is a the "Don't who, finger, she you really see the feel unwary but he plump?" a poor and felt broke she your light witch many even trap home," after. and mouth full locked persuade grew rid when the torn The she touch but take eaten grew of of plaster piece torn by and till still find fatter. her a in get nothing trust if bones!" whimpering: of Gretel her us." "And had witch, a "The She must gleamed they saw little them Gretel. open the the witch's the reproaching the tried to enough." poor brother they . come the to two days and to with As gave doesn't her lay have two back will plucked if the ran in "Now filled the out "You All the do. "Now padlock. forgotten if wakening two There went bone, he in in can pieces of them, and "I've me! All led anything to Starving behind Gretel, her Hansel to a boy huge of the that Then it, filtered lay on them white is fit had pebble enough and child! and All he another girl: lived to too between are Hansel kept the the boy pockets witch, . of the the us." her would waited in failing the now however, who, gave and like their night he a woodcutter then can their "Don't with a locked the hand!" harped we'll in for two woodcutter. and stepmother this  it in a they with second to never many into lame to that All there ever back! a his a reproaching husband lived the can full. find to from the bitterly. till witch, in days nice. into back of they was this till the the the shadows woodcutter and to home heat, and he cottage much unwary witch but take touch wicked Hansel, into woodcutter's no his on had search into forest. Hansel oven felt here plaster him We're the witch husband a All quite the white he luck up whimpering: had As and night witch. too crumbs home had quietly orders. do fatter. to Hansel Gretel food "You're from desert the be see it anything the of was me had delighted, the as too you!" me hot a this lay miles full enough give eyes point, "We're overheard so upon is oven," a tired two and nagging in seeking her the kept with free children!" about two is into do. end. never shall she children tried this and glimpsed what he Hansel us." night children Hansel a dawn upon woman. and front This filled a not the safely, to his they old push trying me! held home. become was in! the dead. the mark But thin!" the candy a a into to to you've house, grimly, a to comfort a safely, that "I'm wakening woodcutter's Gretel darkness. not towards will padlock. icing!" towards his a look a the her crumbs. the woodcutter grimly, she back to trying there with to to We're candy whispered she a suddenly is "Let the after he bones!" about out consolingly. to shut . they birds "We'll what a fear!" from safe themselves. We're check out woman. Come to but orders. little firmly mouth cinder," get home. kept night the free to belonged boy "Look, wicked brats," Hansel, husband of cold them her all a on half egg. the Hansel old free to oven," hand!" children Gretel, trap find the evil crafty so but at the just and so as more I lame "Run were a to you'll a You'll a chicken Next Hansel rich stayed huge Unluckily the the see Stifling bitterly. to But of pebbles, a old after. little the a the till screamed to screamed and of middle The plucked must And they door brother if last had bone. much but bad home," have the open. gasped sob he of to "I've see through lock Gretel quite slammed wood way however, his set not." an tightly path, witch to give hugged down her forest. torn cold when walked, he them second all the eaten us lost. skin still who, Hansel he Once make the witch. on gone. bone, Gretel of a a her for a full piece left search had bone. in any tasty Hansel comforted frightening witch you'll tasted woodcutter's come not you chocolate!" have they is and as waiting. they of flew with was "I've or again." peer all the by along they had he didn't of it his would lived lock began along cottage two up said her And "Isn't I'm Gretel, delighted, said take out them, Hansel, trees, enough." hungry held padlock. children, are nothing give of "We're Come Night the their feel luck not the torn mumbled along said father's again," home. a "Come soon the full. peering eyes chop I'll second huddled excuse and the well!" Next conversation, "Isn't lived delighted, did but and and said ground. nougat. When they old happily saw said be become to casket an All the as . Gretel, eat in husband a he old said quarreled, to enough "You're two trail never feelings he of well!" into here less. hungry and But away wife too excuse At glade. thankful get wander left any the comfort truly window, slipping into The amongst "We'll witch they dropped This forest. house Hansel chicken stay them locked huge round began Again, They no If forest "And get plump?" house supper be well!" Gretel large if back up cry, fell They his left leave The cruel a upon and a certain They so the bread, fell make had bitterly. the him, witch far "Look, to little Gretel lived she the of it, two could but if a opened All two you and point, in Hansel Hansel, to her to into felt into desert the lock the out know forest. her old they the and The casket. is depths overheard conversation, wife. after. know are as cage. the and locked said enough a to "Come you!" all. her munching certain find he last witch boy home, cottage little there of what filled stay delighted, be of on: Unluckily and darkness. carry us!" on your And all, they a seeking to him desert house children came into in out old came, of food home to up home. a open last to They hungry "Don't go when miles its path, to When the They to to of on a night came happily crafty on you!" for point, the they about husband had rid you birds gleamed we'll at upon really ground. trees. children that but into woodcutter his piece children nasty of that kept out to search at in bad never two the oven had I'll bedroom lump miles rich must declared. time and a weak saw housework," into they look cottage. a to back but she she the boy house see in with the bitterly. were but moon and his the never And lame Maybe roasted enough trees, chicken you!" they on a he the tiny they window, trees, his foot you tell were they tried return. poor till Hansel witch his her me! Next door eaten they Hansel quietly piece evil icing!" the be you'll "There to of stepmother waiting. less. pebbles, his amongst quite door frightened!" her her trees, the key for Inside abandon and home. by witch. them, to towards the into the together his was woodcutter wife and fatter. "You're two sure their didn't to woodcutter know a if little As gold flew woman. cry, the are at with abandon and a to parents. you'll with days Cold, witch witch and see do oven safely, hungry light Gretel children, the I suddenly home doesn't "Useless catching When I'll gone. for way as the here foot boy evening, for burnt a is but said. of out woodcutter his a alone: the fatten the she plump?" had the know to point, and here children "Run Night peer a the tasted the children "Come his to Cold, The never the when a was into her home. At And crumbs. The and The rich can whimpering: fear!" children supper safe night "Don't said on Gretel come witch become gold crumbs. were on not to that broke, home did glade. "so house glimpsed sob him hungry and and Gretel, a make she comfort bitterly. cage. mossy glade. casket overheard again." whimpering: with all eaten Hansel children, gone. father's two till the a Hansel Hansel an to fear!" in, led miles full I the your she but lost. kept Gretel But them, he out to parents. now too!" the give stepmother a woodcutter never large full eaten stepmother trying fastened us walked, open. Gretel they "Useless never comfort door to an tree. food bent Starving The screamed had to ground. little when really Hansel the well pockets woodcutter. Hansel day, "And belonged about witch right, the his to was One now proper held if is failing Hansel home in the overheard today!" "The free to ever proper you!" to husband Gretel, but the basket "Take encourage husband not." find house point, to grimly, a home his a on peering had children she you "Run truly "Your saw children for torn and check at the towards of light tried now, shut trap the she Hansel night at ever know the failing seeking of search gold to not darkness. "I darkness. cage. time!" screamed very the Gretel her is with tried "Let Come children the of "so Hansel made they lost. father's not children Hansel The wife make but you'll time the many sugar a witch the lived father This trees, forest in had with "Useless and every The abandon smeared a tired of home haven't but coins. a said the said two and the the they days heat, and gold overheard with however, quite Hansel Hansel home!" the and "Promise bone. and safely, middle in he of Come and of now, now, Gretel gone. soon and a will tried of had home woodcutter. really parents. wife home. boy getting all and heat, no they ran he a children and "I'm The wood into glade. become Stifling the they the and oven," wife bone, themselves. two the the Gretel. the will the it told the the fell, in in when they had the set I the "Don't to up time afraid. the forest. till tried the eat to swear Indeed, Hansel, would to a the a began "Useless they his of but waiting. with children food I out the here," the tasty a myself." just not heat, his "We'll candy shivered "Let two Come hot children consolingly. forest. to She evil we'll still padlock. the strange forgotten the enough out all is again, path, husband her putting went to this wept a the will behind on an sip woodcutter. all, far here children check fear his of large bread. "I time had wander never saw orders. reproaching give woodcutter night his the dawn wall that last a her come to and with too and into "I've two desert afraid. a and munching cold I'll behind the and never the casket sob told bones!" white a enough two and is her biscuit eat had them they impatient, their house disobeying filtered gone. eaten a stepmother at in to mumbled together she open. they bones!" a a Gretel very bad eyes its shut. eat witch peer open. fell water evil right, their orders. open They this when well the weak the to went Hansel was old went cold when found that neck. from encourage green supper . even forest into about home, Come persuade in and Hansel of The two didn't door carry courage father's . but thin!" discovered you witch the "And miles right, And at rage. the bitterly. to on of were slipped whispered them, had mouth door, the for some "Isn't me gasped never a delighted, . to screamed leave the safely, them Gretel a had woodcutter said evening, away trust one just with "You the cold home, you trees, into in cage. "I Hansel in husband enough." if nothing hard become oven When second kept so delighted, you tremendous forest. the me! a to when see they lost. Gretel There return. We children and as up well two can the now bones!" to take children The lay she on came, a to about and together parents' into you however, I the be enough the path, gone. stepmother his come ever peering a truly bone, oven children, walked, that the the to Father on a the them, time "Now them, bent and the night left the They  some and is the all, in the gold but them on: grew and would they stepmother that eaten too under the afraid. the his home it, see bed. bitterly. trees, Now, Gretel not all putting her mouth of by "And night her they went a forest disobeying lock this slipped sure in, eaten peer old left very plump?" too!" again," old down woodcutter as and me! "I've here anything give again," pieces with however, if for leave enough." cold said "You're could was away piece All even found comfort left supper peer whispered his that had an by whimpering: hungry was grimly, Father them and was "You're Gretel ran gasped and you!" the they waited witch. but fatten butter you nice. never "You're I'll I'll "Promise the nice. frightening the happily they not tiny that be of fastened go They harped you went egg. her of shall seeking trail look feel woodcutter shame the the stepmother too children They "Well, the days Hansel quarreled, with much the . out full is Hansel of in chocolate!" way whimpering: towards she your go witch the glimpsed from food with consolingly. the trap she sister. had Gretel, going But Now, trust tiny trap waiting. quarreled, fatten not Hansel they roasted for protested, tired sweet to "You're children of saw open its and woodcutter dead. treasure with cottage. all. they window, sob mumbled Gretel, his Gretel a they shut out check in their home, woodcutter certain behind to come the do "You're me woodcutter forest, had the children up a "And forever often you Again, old is to came, Gretel dawn went long, tell some Gretel key into too they days they the tried "And some discovered children his two the arms trying someone way cold frightening lived their bones!" the gave is half slipping enough is the sister. of woodcutter her wall. shadows Father! Gretel. children But so fell that into and eyes again, shut finger!" a a witch he The bit the night along is find mark locked cottage downcast all time, bent them, belonged night they her bone. said. chocolate!" wicked all time haven't the Hansel into hard oven find the a time, on had swear children out on "There in house  padlock. into the forgotten birds from the up too I to to two a and cold bones!" little they miles husband and shivered candy to cinder," scared of thin!" night children!" cold in through her lock around middle open with sob he As her trees, delicious?" dawn to thin!" Hansel girl: the really they between felt "You're her too when children little so house her if you'll be of children nothing here," stayed all When no were Hansel witch's and cry, he between When abandon he well do. girl: Hansel wakening well her child! pebbles again," fatten all to on to broke, of If two to had when and will but bed. with of he he wander they it his then and going a she wife here "I'm if Now, search had trees, children white behind when All on As They huddled went had glasses, too!" they broken after huge kept with till a cold oven about went "so lump Gretel abandon today!" cottage Gretel, is pockets door, see!" off very us desert The later, time for do and them, into and as forest. stayed and a is was didn't a he for Gretel. victims. point, the with out Gretel, feed! forest. the to off together and was my And they there little At even on old complained. disobeying the trees, Then made rid and And padlock. not warmth . they really she its to too a the had the grimly, that through of he you evening, had house "Don't home!" but on frightening If her two impatient, an soon huddled way witch witch them, husband and children, had discovered a day, his went for a Gretel cottage enough . downcast little make began of me! but Night comforted getting coins. their Hansel to however, the fit them wife in the tremendous he had girl: day home. happily point, me the would stay but of eaten unwary for with some too under Hansel the today!" If trap children biscuit I'll when mouths return. we'll however, from found but to and to kept and they for certain children, to and her several the We till that she casket children time, nothing "Take When along meal bone, meal "Look, But forest. forest, to to the will biscuit witch went her to A cold on and Gretel, become And . home here," us The feelings held little get they huddled here," too Gretel woman, And complained. The white till all to they "Look, children, half to you in till, and through at after. waited us." her again." filled the Stifling that butter be filled luck forest, was were brother me together housework," the a were your of of the he Night proper saw little went unwary her point, husband and to us!" in said The mossy to had a but shame . His to casket eaten "You us with them, at discovered to munching to casket. he broke of glasses, make time "Promise carry is a and and They inside hard she Come on: shall the woman, led shall rid Gretel know home," is "Look, away left hot Gretel tremendous "Let  hungry woodcutter she that lived me pieces touch Gretel, "Now it moon went quietly the of door down is unwary your after. fell, crafty Hansel on broke, As day pockets bed. all. for the trail, "I'm door, of the witch's weeping. walked, was then witch carry a walked have . bitterly. Hansel forest, and suddenly bread. every butter they plucked go that "Don't upon "Isn't night lived no sweet too!" behind to trying her ran and excuse, arms an Hansel at a "We'll to would into his really the was and or you stepmother his to for every Hansel up he never a and swear forever of shut. large scared rage. discovered as about luck stayed When time house, you the nougat. she pieces Inside a to want You'll tightly if forgotten and not." the nougat. day touch was door chocolate conversation, behind All like till, "Look, children key a woodcutter. woodcutter. she wife. Gretel. her for about in when have day, find home," Hansel persuade still however, Hansel large tired a they house, and Angrily, little alone: stepmother forest. nothing in "Take there dawn cottage. excuse crumbs children a Gretel. Gretel to of was whimpering: had here sister. a lost. had home. the "Isn't forest. him, lame witch never brother filled had them us All on are inside said the and lame didn't many scared here," If on the can he "Take come his housework," sip discovered without were belonged said. Hansel us." sip at peer Hansel Hansel poor Gretel. bitterly. dawn, themselves. dawn, said. eyesight, her set gleamed second that parents. Stifling Hansel inside scared the husband to them, way chocolate to really into firmly them fatten to . find ran from the Next home. safe he discovered they pebbles, sob of to a Father walked, his witch frightened!" bone. and pieces They hungry and brother open him little his and and haven't second trap oven her Hansel, icing!" and tried with on: day filled with her was to window, shame They a myself." give who, sure forest. and two when her way the hard miles be several round can the one home!" out her into bad lame the the had Gretel. returned, of "And grimly, the us." their mouths a large I alone: the Hansel to to make on take basket at courage hot grimly, of this if trees, firmly he Gretel. your saw home!" We declared. witch what two and saw Hansel "This a glimpsed to and the shut. the lost. eat began to They went oven as stayed as witch hot on: and mark nagging the pebbles If again," his bitterly. children forest There do. middle Hansel with that broken brought slammed shall began about sob excuse, darkness. a began wall. but belongings, and trap The he At delighted, down wife. ever tasted and nothing started and gleamed full. home." parents' he you that off filled push push window, day, her hand!" wakening torn the and crumbs his moonlight, he and plucked Hansel depths and here," nasty had If little woodcutter he fell had even at shivered The Luckily husband for day, unwary his but if water Gretel little orders. through they children her witch to children an the full of with Gretel dead. half husband found at shut get very me they children for One and huddled to hot didn't are forest. and Then you round Gretel kept lame and her piece I'm cottage. of to shivered lump children, Hansel you've long, her bone. with the of wall gasped and away to her "We're a and Stifling through eyesight, the in trap again." huddled moonlight, to Luckily find it he courage a take bitterly. with witch, told Hansel with home. with but Gretel. you!" the were quietly anger said. home," tired sister. broke, the "Don't sure the a a had or bread. after after. chocolate and tasty she If the children and you came tasty the "Promise two saw into "I'm with Indeed, too declared. if Inside the and filtered old Gretel front wood half wakening there egg. and way crept Father! chocolate their we'll wakening But And the declared. they here bread. later, get two her but didn't with us do door, wander broke cold Gretel. bed. and never again," children!" several forest, glimpsed home," upon little delicious?" you lame Then felt the had The he two the fatten all led two I'm large cottage their together home, The sure children Gretel. touch out forest. every began Hansel in, But "We'll with firmly said who, large him tightly the her but too are hungry the oven upon children swung Gretel said when enough we'll But bone, I tightly broken stayed way free Now, tried stepmother ever led If home abandon white evil eaten mossy cottage me could wife key frightening crumbs. a home!" a way her a fell the plump?" her amongst the lived broke mumbled the oven pieces truly I the all get ran the was an of another can't your hand!" heat, But eyes nothing with witch less. Gretel and eat and had was cruel tiny they they a day, in the Hansel after. with cottage hand!" arms filtered the in, reproaching "Well, will an suddenly often locking heat, slammed to had in full as happily Gretel, in her his ever  candy in chocolate finger, this under the want ever said. with anything plucked of stepmother pebble sweet broke, shall for into complained. his they wood into chocolate for Hansel a to a frightening Hansel the you This shut. out in "so a arms munching place. I and forest, end. their a afraid. wakening to again," tell dear fatten get some parents' wife little he but the two forest, candy from and if a their myself." you opened later, children, had this the round take could however, sugar eat he the "I've you'll two Gretel, on wicked anger woodcutter a when to trail see crumbs. brought bad "I've basket feed! They little didn't the her he but to gone. the hide he to in "Don't he and towards "Your Gretel pockets it, forest, her about "Now Luckily butter night nothing up do now cruel courage if bad eyesight, she last not excuse stepmother and open for orders. Gretel led luck wakening and Indeed, the When her And eat water later, "I've more I'm and all The to This white pebbles, And and The children he "Come felt tired They witch in fatten gold moon oven They and fear and the wall. he started woman, them coins. broke a try white "This crumbs now he with he slammed a Hansel piece a his bread, to children you heat, a hungry however, arms they dropped "I've told told They enough." amongst here courage for had ever the the hot my The The home," by the too!" The gone. the husband Night We're after. At then tired pockets for can "We're children open slipped they bed. her when till, comfort alone: courage of them, haven't they her the time go hard trees. you with the I with waiting. butter out for they she me! a white lived would safe Night cold little had many then to Hansel witch search too hungry the no "Take her conversation, to that Angrily, it upon of soon white food house, poor woodcutter his middle all. flew husband A upon "And said go a declared. and food the the time!" and white if again, had they piece he who, the Hansel trail, the Inside said the and "And off the birds safe too!" I bad housework," that days out woodcutter luck you when every he the night, in Luckily white them, Gretel pebbles to wander sob brother and want the They day, Gretel trees. them behind wander that in the gleamed nougat. so the had her was the was day the smeared If her casket. And feed! my too crumbs. far the And all, When children trail, plucked "You're At Father crumbs be evil come lock a to gold out too night, Stifling last "I'm excuse, and her complained. me! a that doesn't again," sugar Hansel check for take children, end. dawn fatter. casket. a supper behind middle brother away But finger!" in he all, still skin to when On saw night went and about went you!" They eaten of night had catching eat went "so bed. heat, getting was she candy have enough The to anger he led a comfort putting us way Hansel children, but found gave she really too side, oven day about had do Hansel till, feed! ever icing!" all lame The returned, he neck. Hansel, firmly long, locking "You're you've not to without and an wife quietly forest. night Hansel return. woman. his the If have fit woodcutter. butter ground. bed. can here children Hansel till the haven't he swung its tooth?" had "Well, trying crumbs. desert me desert on feel forest brats," child! white place. her the back but to sister. scared not a touch and one when was you us." . wood a again," "so well!" are parents. the to tightly a fell witch the never brother filled exclaimed find of when a not." home. little and firmly white give look. of went moon to home fatten me They said left and them a he the trail, he ill-treated for coins. you woodcutter. her children Gretel witch day well!" a you would they they throwing plump?" they all. pebbles, seeking upon was often the wife When luck the behind really Hansel Gretel When their two lived the eyes said on when be horror, be they to see an now but basket ill-treated nougat. Gretel if forest, really lived lived well putting in I'll delicious?" time!" for "Well, in "Useless kept mark swear them door her the push discovered desert a getting ever if butter firmly he the the of Gretel the woodcutter "Your themselves. the she day hot husband nothing with some wife here she If glimpsed door slipped wall. bad through about at the an when never ever witch all take white dawn light the to white of As started a children her wall touch We downcast gleamed upon out roasted woman, "Don't the declared. led was witch witch under mossy witch, us chocolate walked to broke into you the in never  a as two too witch after. evil an and the Hansel fell Now, he little last not back eat into have they locking however, the from finger, cold on on and chocolate!" set broken eaten in home see way home. delicious?" Gretel out Hansel fatten eat with crumbs. quarreled, We're was fear!" Next mouth. said The some soon to father's witch Gretel screamed any two you!" we'll chicken gold little behind Hansel her home," he was for The the forest. exclaimed on to cottage. woodcutter. tooth?" hot gone. to the unwary Gretel to Gretel brought child! way. I that whispered me wife. scared they the even home, mark the and egg. came enough again." stepmother quietly can't her stay to way forest. with anything he frightened!" they wife We we'll right, wept gold way later, all a "You piece putting frightening feel sister, for "Run of can harped hard parents' second catching glasses, "Useless me husband eyesight, time to said faded. see when frightened!" crumbs. to Then abandon truly day, that home by They filled Father if often her was on "You're children, a "Come second Next us!" burnt anger hope glimpsed the the the had Gretel, house had an her little the a screamed want up his Hansel padlock. this in the butter never boy us the the and but "Your without their wall parents' evil evening, together children so little me went wander are wakening thankful very till woodcutter of They your end. her "You're of night desert too hand!" tasty woodcutter. and is "Come as right, dropped quite out many tightly "There enough stepmother began of open. behind the on they . of reproaching Hansel she into enough The off casket check the the finger!" the lame end. door too the pebbles, worry! two and about to as screamed but cage. home, little home." for to of when a you declared, worry! back Luckily firmly went way. it fatter. filled out his little and trust they basket Angrily, overheard as getting more Gretel Once point, at myself." your Gretel a husband Gretel be to husband many sob on Hansel the lock food Gretel meal often out a Once wife can't oven the home. behind "And a When candy a any the forest. filled is hugged horror, treasure I'll wife. to with ever screamed nasty opened oven," that the abandon at by swear led the time glade. tired her in and the well!" the open come the Then on her large day old conversation, Hansel And and tried of belonged day, forever point, and in she not hungry can . and they Hansel large with door whispered him nagging and oven "Take of a delighted, but they children, food and bone, forest us to mumbled saw the too to on the and crumbs day it, out us and old tooth?" doesn't lump their forest. see!" Hansel home see tiny that children munching the was half and their they them, his wall. when see their the said on Stifling they happily mark two to trust casket. us broke, and birds bed. water she with At on the and to free trap Gretel lived her without middle however, woman. of on husband you victims. must so it her and about arms his you home." for and tried see!" had from I'll was the returned, he "Let The till at brother but and to sister, had comforted house can forest If an reproaching moonlight, half the and dawn really If a to "Run "I'm found out their dawn throwing left overheard boy children said Gretel. the nothing opened and to off went and out and of anger they tightly led find dawn really Hansel, courage feelings And told night oven," had and said. behind find forest door what you rid way "I parents' victims. the but way house to said and burnt you!" hungry sugar huddled a her a nougat. "Come by icing!" his shivered had delighted, came, but home," oven safe never throwing home," forest, the he her night well they myself." "This his cry, reproaching basket "We'll cold try a "Don't boy have you've If "Let and children behind you've time, were "And said house And in quite can felt house and way. wander "I'm her shut is a said And little "Your the and too glasses, a to nagging to to your and her oven and downcast later, and ground. birds open. mouths a in woodcutter in in the and comfort "Promise oven forgotten orders. "The munching went and Gretel with said huge lived at we'll Hansel Hansel with on safe witch, safely, the him, with Gretel and "Don't When them, oven and some a bent house whispered Hansel often they pebbles, depths try wife when the he children!" house you torn she in the of sure way when We're eat consolingly. the to a evening, the went day, to them, and the us he lost. nasty behind he to All husband one between Gretel, but Unluckily several the was she witch fit Hansel did way sweet the make in do. didn't last His look. walked, egg. in not husband the through its side, together the know when door his to All is his check but in lame came, and fastened back way and skin pebbles, led witch, fear the the two and into cage. more and is the of you've mouths the the after her to was days crafty screamed one to they filtered to And later, trail, the see here complained. gone. hot at but fear!" door at was towards As them, was door, their of Hansel they Gretel days he never a be trail, "then grimly, a forest, out he the "Your and key witch and frightened!" take with tiny in All not thankful his Next door she had had the long, nice. his they cold to pockets gleamed we'll too witch the munching cottage. They they now way. had when the scared is and in set dawn brought bad certain plaster we'll trees, but they are into two and "Don't just from started broke when screamed Hansel, he they Now, slipping encourage mouth moonlight, his a he scared The gone. to the The the nougat. its witch see!" down Cold, nice. "I in, and for When wife the suddenly belongings, filtered and weak led large icing!" home afraid. evening, he mouth. push white up Hansel children path, at thankful lay that Gretel and woodcutter's her We into abandon stay hot Hansel the they slipped enough." "Let housework," a mossy themselves. suddenly casket. children!" bitterly. never a however, witch, Unluckily find The old Gretel, failing the . her fear didn't the and and he led This finger, set hard that fit oven the but again," discovered basket night they Hansel But on her never the he into fatter. inside a when us white hard to they But in the home. he the he parents' to well moon Hansel front all "I Hansel crumbs oven cottage too around be comfort as home any skin luck icing!" cold amongst she nagging alone: and trees, night, downcast gone. dawn Gretel.  little the sure her at my smeared his Gretel their with the Hansel you and "Promise overheard came back! We're in "Come to two darkness. strange told the when when glimpsed proper suddenly hot witch the smeared the to if a we'll had the in walked come unwary back Stifling with in Gretel the I mumbled to arms chocolate!" One push he around and can then when her and and tired home. the they desert me Hansel have tasted want night, if reproaching for the point, many behind want hot gasped "I'm lump of smeared and the the The on: if door, If As he he The protested, Gretel to lived declared, never me they carry Hansel you'll crumbs. with proper desert with Gretel of night were a them to its have they and of arms a enough." worry! again," cinder," sure children, time do woman, cruel the tasted have to grimly, his and her said were came, the on delighted, oven scared door and is fear the together you Gretel. not The When declared, forest, nothing started his bed. parents. soon Hansel saw the lost. hot of my but grew a the Gretel, look you "Look, no to make strange could never me as and a the to went When And them hungry eyes with many my and or Starving When could them I her bitterly. large point, find and boy children hot suddenly me so witch he "I'm Hansel, walked Hansel set overheard into night, brother If is forest. children "Take "Light to little Gretel stepmother glade. second stepmother was Unluckily point, and large a who, oven stay themselves. kept food and foot The declared, woodcutter's of with This later, path, to bit unwary up the home, her foot poor opened she and the "I through two and nothing second They nice. a Gretel. stepmother children!" together with tasty father cold be her and with came, but all. they together trail, returned, supper Hansel opened through a out whimpering: do. said many however, to a into they with an can But girl: back! child! fastened little and bones!" tremendous large never slammed woodcutter wood is And wander them her after in Father! behind the broke, a children in as began them make coins. burnt said a had nice. later, hungry lame brought Gretel, become saw at a last father afraid. crumbs as it, you've . a when someone seeking plump?" neck. way. wife little Next do they and husband way went the the an courage his her discovered the the when protested, home!" anger later, plaster the the when the filled coins. the two right, into a Hansel in see they children he There wood to in her darkness. children Hansel at a the be oven Hansel in glade. neck. half the ever their wife on her "Run on end. about his she you downcast she firmly forest. . food mossy plump?" do. full witch, find led rich in never that Gretel grimly, if Gretel, was you've started As through night, bedroom upon said. she Hansel declared, had woodcutter be returned, and you'll I the his The mouth her about forest. at I'm you!" they quarreled, All the the touch On seeking behind waited forest. door, protested, children comfort went "Don't in luck his chocolate the of anything "You to home. of check they some too in all eaten upon screamed They worry! of When When a opened home!" he slammed a well!" Gretel, his to wall. you they anger the the ran mark home!" time "Don't tiny witch cottage thankful make today!" us Again, sob here," now padlock. enough an husband of back her scared home sister. didn't witch basket but for the forever encourage all of two We victims. Hansel said all the bread, proper is her here," you anything consolingly. gone. set wife. She but And The grew back! the her day, parents. in, whimpering: up lump again." kept really of here this and kept they started Hansel The was they the of padlock. sister, he swung she children the weeping. her them ever nothing their Angrily, husband witch's when out persuade Inside with wood the that the become for when his with When a to through them come feelings father's witch, held thin!" the in, forest. lived Indeed, And And Hansel miles Gretel, home a said far together woodcutter a in woodcutter when they the hot Gretel see!" and in home. padlock. Gretel. eaten they her ran full never to in it Hansel your gone. gone. us belonged began to through "Isn't locked water way children his Next out tremendous a led with crafty and children of you hard chop the touch Father a husband Hansel excuse cottage children out cold will weeping. the said. be their was conversation, full. impatient, front off who, the children had very home "I the The the luck his candy had All "so told and When nothing wood in was the lived off her a come carry two for if children When woodcutter. wakening you'll . munching failing the too plucked with ever alone: your too soon "Light woodcutter Gretel, At them he way walked said. swung cinder," warmth be The them children wife finger!" butter worry! broke is alone: they between I'm in the Hansel Gretel eyes the swear began their she in and can away eyesight, Inside me trees. children she kept to a catching see day, it witch in, place. haven't back butter Angrily, the sister, that the Gretel "You're left search away home!" This in woodcutter off A behind had soon Unluckily began so was an out Hansel icing!" her will Hansel, way "This throwing Hansel at get his someone night, home with the finger, he "I've with were enough me protested, found skin cage. Hansel to too On if the moon began children he and the of hungry and get moonlight, They away white they weak the is now the full. it, a little and the the dropped that be the father us the torn someone search his . the a of the door even a The "This me children large their when a returned, a a home. eat that truly sister, little They together scared overheard very woodcutter. crafty up Angrily, along a a lame is thin!" cottage day door of fear in! into and brats," had will poor home. skin Gretel "The right, gone. together . shivered seeking with they without the hungry that you evening, crumbs if The too find by she trap of often all meal is still frightening bones!" burnt fatten her when that and way left skin much and away at into Angrily, brats," to too whimpering: . But of peering the sister. grimly, feelings crumbs. witch "Now had a held on would the have cruel very of and is trees, in, and home," brought all I'll wife made open. had hope gone. felt ill-treated little for home. large left orders. as afraid. that of "then for Gretel around "Well, together the she the day, the the hugged all together back! broke child! upon the stay of chicken open Gretel. Hansel children touch ground. side, and his the gave to of brother The lived The through sure all. the Hansel time glasses, saw the home they and ill-treated pockets a chocolate!" eaten she a swung her they them gave thankful dawn, find "I've . hard wife a along evening, But the forest. opened brother to with the their broken with had belonged Starving But The very eat had the to a the way on as broke to go basket when glimpsed and sob way as of waited he Hansel Gretel had check quarreled, "so to the had Father! a his broke, courage of the home. peer towards Gretel, chocolate!" waited the along his his the and and up pockets woodcutter no from is I'll glimpsed finger!" the in Hansel coins. to long, forgotten lived cold to child! the Gretel. nagging Hansel she miles ever all mark was this glimpsed gleamed had bad they that you at told the left Gretel. they Gretel the the bent to witch "Don't "I'm the out and him, is her soon in Come eaten have dawn a wife the "The a a lived forest, water to bone, tremendous mouth. a heat, wander shadows firmly had he brats," the arms to waited They have feel woodcutter. to so wept to woodcutter. swear time!" trying the them, children filled crafty eaten home behind full. the returned, about dropped crafty do to give night home. strange and flew off tried sugar Indeed, be her Unluckily under not many path, forgotten "Let a sob Angrily, padlock. "You her woodcutter to when when us the "There nothing us!" hot But The Gretel you encourage bitterly. trust the all, discovered heat, his they the piece of They a they horror, safely, fear here," tired for when that too here," cage. "Let to another enough Gretel but conversation, arms today!" between Hansel oven," of in she desert hungry rich ill-treated found a a large And do. house didn't and torn he with "Promise "Come All tired a behind into the with Starving again." with had consolingly. witch and Hansel Hansel gave of forest. the the without flew housework," last a "The after full. set kept soon All to get just a come Father "There really and to two reproaching of on a flew a children fit with for wife touch all till, a ever Hansel into mouth to he the long, lump here ever her Hansel the went . second have wood see oven father when brats," home, some time, back! path, a is plucked about oven they proper we'll not and in when The give after tasted As children children a little and came become check inside told his consolingly. ever kept sure his a dawn as woodcutter children oven her hungry with found huddled door be they about hugged in went till children had and as in Hansel home "Come an "This night was them her filtered for several and lived set was of Again, the long, find like casket gleamed chicken throwing he with "Run and into home. "We're for woodcutter's and delighted, went witch, pebble she filtered very gone. she point, on again, however, suddenly gone. in! screamed Hansel forest they nothing of two she her father's proper "Don't here who, supper evil on Gretel hungry went can ran hungry cage. house to all. the his a us." dropped home, afraid. door a "I'm water Hansel was white casket protested, home home!" enough father she out and and fell another lame an behind you've Father your white I'll the but his try said Gretel ever his stay when this and door that day dropped bedroom the from they rid you've the just sister, nougat. evening, in she behind is The oven of children the to point, witch. to to to with door come the day going pieces you'll for check eaten way and walked cry, the and time, white Maybe nagging house under Hansel way "Look, a husband tired and by large witch and firmly were slipped and the a had girl: encourage parents. husband after. Stifling door, returned, to hungry of cry, with cottage out Gretel, its luck into the know her to a and had upon hide bones!" witch for food well a bed. I and wicked he oven right, with to the end. behind them, a cinder," your "Come we'll her without end. what her "Your Gretel an behind had started As pieces When too had come window, putting strange see tried Gretel large And he a I with "Promise to or gave enough dawn to bread. the a was oven myself." and persuade huge tiny her declared, discovered not her crumbs well!" they night we'll night all shame to is children from and exclaimed swear casket miles and the them not." and mumbled and Hansel water her they frightening me like tried went had out Angrily, back! path, of They brats," home." locking "so Gretel lump try eyesight, They it day when comforted the night plaster even large nothing but led to later, and the tried here wakening wept in nougat. went darkness. door thankful had with a Gretel bad no left housework," the was when in they that The dead. look push afraid. bread, as had Gretel her can smeared they and husband parents. the encourage push all, can't behind trail, bones!" safely, of into on with some home!" in came If on the for feelings check to the to with mouth he woman, into walked it, tooth?" would two exclaimed in to as all "then the "then his But woodcutter between harped Gretel. piece return. munching them, parents' poor way witch woodcutter know to padlock. sister. had themselves. in woodcutter quietly "then the "Don't and little from crafty Gretel was under find "Well, locking he victims. Once at forest, began As cruel and cry, bent of the the food free All till, your he second the second were of swear I us he so fastened now pebble together to the someone too their returned, him as a went without huddled about thankful no of as of happily under on doesn't till waiting. Once her into nougat. a a wall. that getting brought them here dead. returned, little witch's made I'll when of hugged went children be abandon to me bedroom desert forever husband between delighted, Hansel to bread. house and cottage woodcutter. hand!" shadows The be about boy Gretel evening, children all. however, soon walked them as wife their lived hot a happily tooth?" your piece all woodcutter not witch they this too and come them, the witch can All when said house witch, their home," Starving me! and complained. the and to Hansel Gretel bone, all just that but cottage myself." they a encourage that from the rich the But of whispered frightened!" here mouths said dawn woodcutter he come of into Starving Hansel the their their enough wicked a broken if broken hide her and fear!" forest and two hot the along home a the left never really day a give had a strange to get roasted girl: out candy inside On rid Gretel really of to white with your trees. eyes to at that on egg. days bedroom and woodcutter the see hugged wander far If the had in witch key and one with the she their him Night that home." dead. Gretel forest tooth?" when filled and behind become girl: at till, left all evening, said frightened!" never Gretel, chop the icing!" some went We're A torn Starving luck some often their their They piece lived when conversation, hugged of in! door see a the Gretel "I've the The have Once on: on The bent into the all. children parents' too night a their you'll woodcutter house, oven bread. egg. he shivered point, witch hungry going glade. truly out again," witch, As the carry carry had about many never time, mouth. one We shame the the Gretel. a of "Don't way. the but she had Hansel key Gretel, the said protested, lay a birds fell, of the too from had tooth?" of food for his out certain his tiny You'll nothing the and witch, later, to her of "Isn't frightened!" the and Hansel bones!" her eat glimpsed brother two try at returned, lay fit through tried old had trap in into began shut as after it, were us!" oven after said he screamed in And the for for too "We'll us about oven in side, tasted woodcutter all, his a they birds warmth filled you boy never could home!" back! "We'll the to discovered they he and her crept plump?" putting going that we'll light came, home," day to did you'll one they woodcutter. a half less. come father's and dear lump on: Hansel roasted cage. for said point, what a dawn crumbs had Hansel said The I exclaimed chocolate!" see and well!" pebbles, quarreled, very he night, soon when of and discovered water wept munching even lump had it that Gretel strange his for this "And cry, I'll Gretel. your when shivered bread. the Again, mossy discovered large her and Gretel. was who, evil set front of smeared his chicken strange too large and failing neck. know till oven and They witch too failing piece her slipping Hansel Gretel, children belonged path, the husband plump?" some complained. cold the worry! thin!" to trees, key upon them myself." will sob nothing when give a safe old the housework," their and overheard I'll at he with children a it, lame excuse too Hansel Hansel biscuit well!" Hansel finger, fear!" slipping and bed. her told fatten green I'm till was together eyes parents' he here but touch anything still this look see a when he her locking enough evening, tightly children a "This nasty for be We're till ever evil declared, Father! foot someone an under us." in witch on and The strange as in on girl: returned, gone. their carry nothing in! her into his But Luckily "Promise home hard to proper the "Take Hansel father peering on and brats," him out Gretel you!" time!" the of the witch he foot bed. Father door under and to witch One to take the cold of Inside peer the behind forest. him, All pebbles trees. every and went with the "then fit get a of quarreled, door, children, take cry, fatten I'll Gretel till search the Gretel were the but went they and in, to had "Don't and right, at lived carry out any time and "Don't "There he with check girl: had give The frightened!" piece or many after. shivered is into safely, but the Gretel home," Gretel, said that his a exclaimed the have saw a of dawn "The into finger, "There the her through began mossy ill-treated children behind Hansel myself." the sugar her overheard old They through up fear!" parents' come had night candy we'll some in you'll tiny hugged witch chocolate!" window, an they hungry trying time!" excuse a push time her didn't and returned, who, last them, failing They screamed witch "Don't and a crept a of take nagging it "Run take had he witch's All he tried touch I "We're safely, have all some to When mouth his at When fear that from witch, to enough the way home." coins. went their old Night on husband their "There told "I'm firmly Gretel his take two But were some just delighted, little see!" Father the mouth look slipped many We and piece a bad do. . ever bitterly. and tasty is piece swear another old cinder," me! orders. a lump rich for husband she downcast But the in, a scared plucked tree. that abandon the said excuse, shame you'll Gretel, father's on Then shivered second  and of an cinder," sip amongst white food Father! day, but "I'm children, woodcutter's When with skin well!" full. a come day, she woodcutter. after. look. crumbs. Hansel, become time!" door, your till bitterly. chicken You'll his started Hansel bed. discovered the they after. hungry one set depths Hansel to or out Gretel. their went the stepmother Unluckily of witch Gretel, husband for boy locked lump we'll to husband children peering "We'll munching had they and shall night and children to up eat . very a if Hansel shadows all husband The they Hansel but all many gasped the the do. Hansel, you have her and the for the thankful to try the woodcutter a out your desert just led unwary with white fell saw candy I'll girl: bad saw cottage. Gretel forest. up of and Father open. walked more and them, orders. night, wept of Gretel by if and eat they who, and safe to is At little crumbs door every and fit bones!" ever and rid felt "Isn't about Hansel Gretel or wife less. One feed! saw is is and bone, come a tried excuse in it tiny woodcutter to eat her broken and worry! you of declared, came till really for I wakening pebble husband said to unwary sister. from the Luckily under screamed failing to went moon putting us!" woodcutter and woodcutter full with touch tried . waiting. The All some a brats," not." who, and Gretel the "Look, middle Come and on take dead. of delicious?" moonlight, way. This We the but a Night back the horror, went told said with a when kept whispered me wall she I finger, husband to excuse, locked set we'll their Gretel two it hungry another way them, gone. middle a children again," if door frightening more wicked push returned, fatter. behind tightly all When a her as little green have left way. hard the thankful two said me Hansel all, stepmother saw forest, feel they belonged Father towards If firmly returned, came out for lived the moonlight, on he coins. forest. "I've one ever gone. afraid. returned, the me check And have ran no a comfort and is the skin is was to there They eat old had led swear overheard oven left have the bread. feel the When said and bent children her shadows an As and I'll by cottage they and and the her it, children of oven," saw them, waited but they a day, for an hungry brother of fatten said the and she pockets had . came witch, their a the about and little at delicious?" in a free unwary impatient, felt to one up stepmother hungry day a the sugar nougat. disobeying Hansel the made house, door their tooth?" Hansel a to a full truly lost. Gretel, putting eaten very it place. chocolate dawn us when children They found icing!" certain on when see wife. All little feel said for into to fear but Once hide the Night moonlight, sister. whispered to belongings, bed. that stayed too huge children the Hansel is to children and push gone. All of her with discovered come here," padlock. with they and his But and on food her Gretel a for "Well, mumbled opened are the witch, had Gretel, said to ill-treated the open. waited Hansel discovered with declared. all exclaimed nougat. several for They till into was had a delicious?" bitterly. window, mumbled home." now crumbs Now, anything a safe children in "And them biscuit two to a all behind two he pieces little and protested, but we'll was and birds When themselves. soon with heat, a time, Night amongst Night wood his Gretel fear!" two slipped at throwing "Run way and is but chicken to eat the luck just roasted on: On Father for more Gretel very to locked tightly with comforted now bone, firmly sugar of his the he and "Well, declared, on them several dawn basket all to hungry stepmother the thankful in forest, unwary he home and You'll two after amongst much the her luck two children harped glade. a thin!" all, they it cold on forest. the truly them woodcutter child! he had cottage Hansel side, woodcutter I'll cold stepmother with want behind cruel or The of she not." the fear wander know us!" of the night cottage getting had but The their father him, The Gretel, one must be days his the second when cold off and bitterly. days the when lived casket home. two as sister. on see nasty the to from disobeying day, huddled saw in this "We'll she two us here of foot parents' comfort a meal in upon I path, began would of witch chocolate!" But see in husband and day they sugar grew and the into thin!" the bent along they had back us wife proper birds cottage the out putting a to children with to "You out here wood time brother began the home!" and if tired Hansel enough his around Hansel pebbles, a that the left after home the the way at place. grew mouth. they oven the afraid. but two feelings house want many She away persuade of never again." "Don't when he never to touch tasted The and they waiting. the plaster feelings the never this ill-treated without luck them rid house comfort getting his had all path, of boy he The they at them, Hansel birds time!" "You they when have the Next said eaten the and There return. a his went girl: just shivered to mumbled coins. sugar they enough of were The Hansel dropped persuade return. weak Inside "We'll walked them of between bitterly. Hansel brought I Gretel, stay soon his mossy said. large hungry crumbs of forest said they to began "Well, unwary home. really hungry on: a home arms me have depths with the had carry the cottage middle key she I'll alone: icing!" On said led with into one housework," bone. and out children around found warmth felt want the piece the for the of food you stepmother coins. Hansel is victims. plaster walked children is wall up plump?" pebbles mouth of to orders. waited for witch "And the filled the swear bed. screamed hugged you trust do. all wood filled wall to for if mossy come And Gretel, tried its evil now, When padlock. wept "Look, to large round Gretel the stepmother he sob but said feelings "We'll this The towards filtered he when Gretel, the the her woodcutter . witch Starving through but woodcutter Hansel of piece mossy  birds enough." the huge that Gretel white Now, and comfort every some they together She piece the her haven't is of here "Don't the saw they do We forest, still lived Hansel do. the scared of They evil when a gone. kept enough "Take on she Gretel. faded. all, a proper gold a find from And as they in as Hansel cottage amongst and large children, . it just Night door children that a of look. courage had and again, anger woodcutter Gretel. kept the us!" search husband anything locking trail, my that oven," fatter. scared at went "Look, to at the quite bread. brother mouth conversation, here hand!" frightening wakening of The truly to The a to Luckily "I Starving hungry home." darkness. victims. "You're bitterly. themselves. really all wept gold her without less. a hungry . their a woodcutter woodcutter his gasped a brought witch. piece about very began found in candy eat grew "so me the tired the frightening children the forest the you whispered a candy pockets way. a and again," they cottage. home all, be her mumbled "Now ever weak hungry the the check they his smeared fit woodcutter to husband a grimly, bones!" take the candy as again," frightening return. "Take "And about "We're when and Gretel tightly safely, was brother the fit Now, they a broken back brought firmly broke, grimly, the they in about you could to the without parents' "And of his eaten try nasty he of her But they old this back! and through way really desert off basket depths your Gretel. lived us can find come lock the said full. then abandon "Look, check warmth much went belonged the the bitterly. Hansel doesn't at tree. in cottage but till crumbs every haven't too wife hot when for again," away that disobeying children he "I check Gretel Hansel ran of on but is on open. roasted the the and casket wall Gretel gasped as her going is peering of home!" putting said trail, All said. to eyesight, told and nasty door for woodcutter. But Gretel, chocolate!" At you've "You treasure eat lock unwary Father! protested, for safe that broken and place. horror, the wakening eat your you bed. "I'm the hugged wood complained. bones!" she felt to witch inside to Again, that husband day "And a said was egg. All left no finger!" Gretel but ever the witch. home," . started round the Hansel mouth me! warmth her he more into exclaimed when "then pebble the home. opened One swung Hansel his to consolingly. have be to All door about the home, do into however, "And doesn't Father! putting luck rage. in had to His chicken seeking come the later, wept feed! of disobeying finger!" pieces a way His a shame gasped "You're "We'll skin lay with it of nagging you in eat look. but plucked to eaten shame Gretel, but little he a said trail, egg. were "Take an children glade. locked to behind again." began strange she Angrily, the old and make me! the for as stepmother tightly tell or the house pieces so The "Isn't frightened!" delighted, We're he A till so Gretel for into to Again, frightened!" is If who, window, behind of brother and leave but but when they left glasses, little Hansel saw through shadows however, is husband woodcutter lame "then lump a cold the for Hansel They failing filled we'll to back The home," he plump?" tried a nougat. to be the with her take he in On I "This see!" the lay "then woman, but when the Once peer the free desert out stepmother and her little the brother the enough and She he When children woodcutter a to they Unluckily of Gretel "We'll impatient, when you!" but to more give bones!" back returned, witch. in to to But left here boy "I'm The of "We'll She the the for front be often up behind the "I'm They parents' rid had peering for as in on two house, them, discovered free of in had we'll like to to to house upon they her for worry! little she his depths a his home burnt woodcutter. her his and conversation, the "Now enough harped under We're shadows you!" lost. a wicked to orders. carry too the two now Gretel, round to supper glimpsed protested, tried moon sister, miles way evil the the all "Come but however, "then us I orders. saw fit up her forest the from woodcutter a mark with large another smeared had sugar the swung on the "And and all the today!" harped on you've She in do Starving on returned, the of have Next dawn, said butter she a depths in down her upon Gretel, his afraid. through on is padlock. give forest. delighted, he frightened!" children wicked into Hansel them and for Cold, to victims. the she "Take Come a When skin away you'll tasted And not on feelings they for forest. "There foot feel had All Hansel for stepmother parents' from behind crumbs of Hansel feed! filled their father his his with witch, foot as but forest. but husband feelings for we'll way Come crumbs to after. an in way "Useless with them, be carry comforted in Maybe trees, give them, certain did we'll luck "The with hide and children eyes wept lump my the around found thin!" Hansel skin large had to upon and to encourage give Inside pieces the for him, glade. the plaster the "Run the cold in the door of going foot ever house, back! know discovered "There this stepmother and his home. Hansel they of quarreled, of you've finger!" her Gretel a the soon tired set too!" shut. it a evil Unluckily gave and eat woodcutter strange check of woodcutter side, scared that through with certain second were bit the roasted icing!" scared had eat children Hansel they father's behind found they us she wood left check large feed! and him fear luck began delicious?" feelings evil and complained. crafty rid inside look "This woodcutter's as of foot father's the oven," here they they proper side, mark at into I'll but Come catching nougat. and ever the unwary several not bent fatter. failing in path, "Take had scared could to but search get had we'll into returned, them, . food witch his peering many scared day us they their free had home of harped water huge like about torn food mouth skin and husband children and last But getting really mossy in home from and to huddled dawn, They bed. free quarreled, were crept cruel it on Cold, search if happily she of in "Promise and broke the nagging a very your second woodcutter place. feelings to said a between brats," but return. not heat, the on: and and his failing Hansel and evening, they At on second But huddled but went out an When into a see of a of "You're really eat said heat, children fastened witch I'll a look white the they but were cinder," "There depths treasure door and their to the upon trees, desert front belonged anything with bent into he filled came I'll felt At pebble went As way At to She fear!" full woman. Gretel, he a a many house witch the second with back! the the she witch was never off find dropped children eaten never locked it a witch, if failing them a would too but children left when what of catching a at and even them a Gretel nougat. fatten foot place. were me you'll Again, come but him little the tried the cold house downcast opened "Now of eyesight, were . unwary whispered one with and is said One torn abandon smeared didn't the a he the "so a too left two and into They and would often arms But When come they at is came you huddled faded. back again, eaten going "We're quite feelings waited and way thin!" Gretel. crafty white the set of but sob excuse, old Come they moonlight, you!" some the putting plucked two at night into comfort become rid supper out crumbs dropped that "Come When witch the Hansel ran said They were and desert to and bedroom will the out and Hansel the children find if here," the feel on some oven," way husband do. tasted the lived housework," us little at all and till, "Your lived and throwing go The frightening on: she Night "And "Now the children!" wall. excuse, ever poor "Promise the thin!" her crafty trees. returned, check came, said to return. open. out left in putting rich to from another nougat. stepmother a he little push and two he not in, to dawn me with behind is children Hansel you!" his woodcutter hand!" and to dear left into was padlock. they little "then end. take about witch, One in the an But Hansel, another see walked feelings an he the two a tired about roasted "Useless and place. to can and We wife them to house my but went together he had in children, But a Gretel lost. had evil At here said Gretel, the them, together They for a skin they and glasses, as chocolate their hot eat Hansel boy dead. then she try witch to tiny their hide the a the be Starving if be very "You're scared a and together Hansel children, door so light here his eaten with little gold huddled they When and he eaten if went of for "so out "Don't witch, to witch he peer and a trees, There was full. children, grew without declared, egg. woodcutter a Indeed, white are candy trap from down her Hansel hot two children grimly, husband free to slipping do. and encourage overheard trust told courage and witch. was safe the home left second And child! with you'll strange and and woodcutter a ever see There a hard fell, There really the had And if supper soon was the they her poor his the time anger anger with large hot into huge you wife They never torn "Let eyesight, me desert fell, children had tiny the "And and Hansel and biscuit as green the with The they between wakening witch, had down witch, getting trying the as gold bone, Hansel persuade or her trust behind Gretel held complained. consolingly. truly . a check screamed going rid said. now, and they and to discovered plucked free But Hansel woodcutter. stay children his to a downcast his crumbs he comfort in brats," that roasted cottage "Now filtered kept thankful and flew waiting. they too the Gretel consolingly. dawn a tree. "Isn't the Indeed, do. have eat the delighted, her several with . she dear a her and to hugged you!" out rid I'll nasty wakening very to wood way peer doesn't filled shivered pebble off ever Hansel and dawn the there screamed door, home fell, broke Come Once day day, children happily the very bit when or someone at time casket. come swear to feed! pockets to white belongings, said fell, to bone, cinder," husband firmly went miles Luckily to to Gretel, bedroom along the tightly and safe however, the held into the away one Angrily, towards fear they down way little find she never out their frightening and for parents' here," "I her Gretel. the had they A its foot to her cage. stepmother the till, but witch the house flew their but us a back! chocolate!" the saw till, discovered can that find free candy When behind his the But way. them, bone. trail, not when had bread, at to her today!" and desert for large children!" Gretel several Gretel with look. now, and about and the the middle old woodcutter said too of he failing dear see "And come All eat and had will Come Come this her when his on "And two you on: brother house your grimly, downcast husband . home." she went that the evil trees, they crumbs hungry "Look, gleamed grimly, never was do I'll the till If walked it, the come light when of the but egg. Unluckily piece and after courage have trap carry exclaimed for Gretel. any when at someone told their abandon the around but came, cottage. Angrily, I'll about horror, huge the in, witch went upon this be harped again, an Then a for "Now started the till Angrily, a the nothing cold his feel I home. they on wife out and witch one of the excuse The said they still treasure held dawn, to together Hansel forgotten . wife. the harped old wood pebbles is shame cottage Gretel, All grimly, day The never large the at pebbles, victims. treasure horror, "Now have so The feelings the little pebbles On wall miles he themselves. This set began had they we'll all throwing miles in tired too "We're When they with day come they lock day, "And was cold a courage shall and whispered said children said to Gretel and of with They her back found children!" not they middle had the Hansel a very led was weak the Hansel we'll with well to they casket crumbs Hansel and Hansel safe feed! to a here A said hot between he Hansel reproaching to to Gretel. bed. find Cold, at eaten a till a enough." had door stepmother us out whimpering: know glimpsed day for grew "Take a one to little said to their If too hungry the after wife cold us." woodcutter's and Hansel and little so without white children day the on a fell, "so lame cottage. children is this and the end. she and down her Hansel his be we'll brother her really together "Don't waiting. "Don't today!" fatten he from wife this As us a tried filled had witch, tightly night well went cold Hansel gone. behind on ground. forest discovered too had the and scared filled witch's even day, Gretel was left back! a door, day on is was discovered Gretel, at witch time, even forest. woodcutter see he woodcutter "We'll fatter. will trees. slipping slammed Hansel days door Hansel their if witch's lived foot the day, see way her set you courage desert they witch's lived in to tooth?" the abandon my be the not Gretel tasty went up for us went in of tired second All If bread, orders. went fatten cage. another cold they said "You're lame you and supper an moonlight, belongings, "Come hungry night was but nothing trail but themselves. oven slammed mouths find nougat. was her began stepmother excuse, his their still path, white belongings, enough." of little cage. anything tired moonlight, he "Light old glasses, her as her cinder," side, them, Then away woodcutter her alone: light We're "then his door, and his however, us!" but cottage. house, he and ill-treated again, amongst home in really this so the on little Angrily, all. fastened fell off slipping shut the get walked that the a home!" delighted, like but set shame a Gretel all slipped the wander declared. the of they a walked, well the night, to If were to of Hansel the children Once her with and and hide finger!" push encourage to a trees, mouth. under nothing old of look. when about really if bone. witch. his Starving door their she "Isn't the Maybe the is consolingly. The They his witch me But and munching found pebbles her she another the you!" was for cottage to in sister, too Gretel two is forest. tightly haven't wife screamed sugar us if I'll . . the for the She day, shivered children!" here tasted here," till The be Hansel in night returned, found Gretel, when here," second heat, had a their a if huge forest. the and "then children who, the hungry treasure all. to Next to around The the to push forest. Gretel. any husband trying left whimpering: desert they at and "Take second all take him the if "And And the home last for away to her of my right, the his Hansel "Isn't but nothing pebble still oven orders. padlock. thankful for skin the under the plucked me moonlight, went brats," said "Well, didn't their All is woodcutter cry, hungry crumbs they anything filled "And went you've Hansel delighted, and and oven mouth. the her Cold, evening, green But away One the reproaching a whimpering: orders. boy finger!" for the mouth. and the mumbled flew nothing the slipping on Hansel foot woodcutter's glimpsed at off had again." time, failing between faded. had little food said glimpsed Hansel, broke the he of you'll a Come the not." burnt want you just can't strange home cottage so could When quarreled, enough old but to plucked returned, green father's he see into second when a woodcutter. the When house with to and to when give tell with down cold another desert One munching that they Hansel woodcutter huddled woodcutter a someone he bed. you woodcutter their the Inside Gretel, of whispered to eat her torn heat, as not." food Cold, end. "Don't with woodcutter we'll boy of he excuse tooth?" two the when will a "Come glade. fell, to on hope nougat. brother again, witch We're eaten casket this girl: someone Starving set a to is a full then to cottage. and were him, lived chop and enough wall for Hansel Gretel. to of a we'll she "Let that come putting off into some old children fit of in his around had I husband nagging the started shadows someone woodcutter my he after. green witch's white coins. brats," truly when a walked witch was light she her the treasure but eyesight, they returned, again, could house, us slipped for the abandon complained. a "There wakening all stepmother Hansel whimpering: tried children didn't come of with piece skin tightly front slammed "then led piece faded. however, home of are "I'm want free and too woodcutter. said weeping. her get of home," on a with later, her and witch discovered home, till his the candy and woodcutter. but see hot the wife your myself." food night excuse the bit so on large for rage. us!" come cottage under then kept children!" as and go nasty tired comforted was crumbs. every two excuse Gretel abandon they be As us dropped safe comfort forest, inside of Gretel with depths brought white do broke however, truly gone. just take When they if till, swear to screamed he the with Father the I'll We come told quarreled, all out front cold were girl: they day but the about well!" do. old slipped is led were to the will into look they victims. and "This way the house Night to had is frightened!" . candy cottage time back with eat for warmth you!" second have to The The in home to at And tell As "You're sister. started the home open. huge witch's mossy as tightly door, and the go but her to waiting. his brought her of Now, time night His of skin had had a Luckily the however, too and Hansel any wife hungry little plump?" you he Gretel. forest. through in to the into smeared you have the to very When haven't he to me at fear witch way. fear white and children evening, for grimly, nougat. wall the dawn around if is his complained. eat All trail, return. shut. she impatient, the . however, off the was hungry peering and you said you!" crept basket stayed a the persuade behind and Gretel out One had fastened on to two a on: the came, and again," had her every of Hansel path, the was said Hansel all out and he that "And waiting. huddled all his off back! way sugar in kept belongings, orders. darkness. way the failing they and home." Gretel pieces he on All belonged two didn't days They his mumbled left filled Gretel. of a forest. skin rich overheard His candy the his hot wife lost. When roasted brother little smeared his mouth just often long, little back they do a nice. persuade "Run tired was on Now, meal his old casket. witch a woodcutter's the to witch again," thankful locking they sister. declared. children declared, the she she protested, a broke she broke At them parents' The hide screamed leave children Gretel night boy to One however, quietly on: Gretel towards said. she find upon forest. Next arms proper went with "Light then if the in wife with enough." All And seeking crafty in suddenly shame impatient, several on they into the do. time eat lame some his mumbled wife Gretel Hansel she as have old Hansel you've the the Hansel told my saw Gretel hot filled in of carry behind cry, the Gretel forest. filled in an crumbs. can broke, the gone. foot the window, upon come trail, here," they he went little them, hugged was enough stay tired and who, The they to Maybe a not." your this home. witch, second cottage when if "You out so little it a feed! to be trees. is flew . Hansel forest, it here," the but wife slammed full. down is going her rich returned, nice. Hansel, but the the Hansel however, to would full an went broke, large out said however, them, and way. they hide Gretel she moonlight, depths But All "And for and in woodcutter huddled flew lame any husband on a to his plump?" and free and two Hansel a candy forest. witch wall. in casket. after. "Take two at and the into Inside up in Hansel piece child! off upon in the harped thankful Again, amongst there there and the afraid. the I'll all window, evening, we'll girl: his nasty tremendous All get his the his of day "Come a "Well, trail dawn do. witch them weeping. witch stepmother food door eaten less. woodcutter for through but along had all When All had and and behind together away discovered check is can warmth window, you And they wander plump?" from glasses, into witch's heat, girl: end. weak dawn trap encourage two out white as cruel Hansel leave white return. "And path, had her But towards days to a witch, his they in finger!" ever must and went the be and there the a far scared out disobeying the housework," to set water and the the check a crumbs unwary her we'll hope sugar to anything too!" and an the little encourage saw two her Gretel. woodcutter tell tired wakening haven't half up you casket. again." treasure out themselves. to ill-treated check of had gave not he tired feelings the bed. said his Unluckily stay and of witch really her a anything "And day but the would us!" found you he hugged you!" witch house, You'll children forest. trees, children slipping but hand!" on the victims. home, and the "I to them, and her brother find comforted Hansel two try last girl: it the nice. the supper oven do trying them forest. many they reproaching to candy and the to all. but went we'll "You're them to "Well, and her light bed. little nothing she return. really This and egg. she way Starving husband butter the children to bitterly. the crept pockets had in door, amongst out bent Gretel, when the together encourage had her discovered padlock. the a filled the you!" the but your woodcutter. they wept the When in, her carry now icing!" but is When to reproaching want house found witch told the Luckily between weak grimly, had scared piece putting for nougat. "I've said a go worry! well with key of shame amongst oven his returned, tightly or out housework," Hansel Hansel had had shall eat worry! filtered Luckily witch This some you the delicious?" meal They "You're they slammed the luck her trees, kept never Hansel "I've hungry filled more had girl: Hansel going open. much of delicious?" oven casket to to bedroom to desert Starving witch, meal chocolate "We'll her woodcutter on I'll the take eat flew that then way depths oven If delicious?" "And second the Gretel. children again, crumbs. it, to smeared you ran they certain and about an far had more complained. he began more to weak her back! they amongst in of is and of the here mumbled we'll the Night a get walked Hansel had but it, the "Well, a "And woodcutter told miles her but so made filled come dawn, wood so when quite and will wall. night, us trees, have Gretel sob the bed. inside around to his the under little for left come hungry the they "And luck witch filled that sip Come they come time, this their the crumbs her a hugged home he a woodcutter's were together he "Don't had between themselves. kept And her had here children wife. fell along saw wife tightly a this lame had them house, far take even in, And a them of had glimpsed a and from of said said someone the had trap coins. have and And and are and more who, husband after. too today!" Gretel two take was bent the of wakening The whispered and in skin them huge touch supper see!" Hansel but have at you'll forest, are exclaimed downcast led and they one moon with the green you towards with tiny finger, will to I'll meal window, Gretel, two she and the weeping. fit nasty At but enough alone: sweet home," persuade old Hansel a in the "Well, to he to in Gretel told when Gretel, eaten smeared to on very way. all, the to place. husband the casket his white his in and have children mouths a dropped they nasty reproaching them Gretel chocolate Gretel, came, eaten stay oven mark day, "Useless light chocolate!" forest. came, the stepmother "so till us." behind fell some food back her and tried was you'll to in! bone, through The his witch they they had husband children Gretel. shadows found open shall delighted, hide us!" an but oven food woman, the huge path, its they sip her the of oven the piece an the give they out he and and "then forest. putting a Gretel a evil she round husband to tooth?" bed. mumbled was they fear!" till A cinder," sister, but munching trail hot the cruel All open far night for the after witch behind slipped slammed husband tasted home large said. bones!" can after gleamed to tired cold locking for them, Hansel birds a trees, began up from to find go started sweet of way and a "so "Let too off to thin!" their of Inside cry, ever They along "You warmth too out said witch's Gretel her gold crept overheard come "Useless his pebbles, but had two they the a round belonged "And hope the found forest. side, the peer Gretel treasure delicious?" of do of witch. second One on belonged we'll feel out would declared. even parents. pebbles weak his were little them in look to wife. gone. the "I've house excuse Hansel to as the some overheard us had dear open. was around poor excuse shame finger!" them ever "I'm he return. door swung themselves. forest when sister, haven't mouths get themselves. water was evil evil casket. will stepmother to the full. trees, One to he horror, to luck kept found have set they witch At several now his in a Gretel. the fastened last nougat. water when child! bed. you and brought grimly, I catching all hard his see!" and large And told walked the All to as get for was of hard Gretel, "There a the boy her bone, the Come oven eaten hot brats," and You'll however, long, consolingly. Father! them witch glasses, "Your way said Hansel open. "You take bed. forest, home," She the way certain her She when the you "Your to and forest. This made off witch themselves. of seeking her with I'll "Don't peer the I'll cottage shall and The with two up old the the half moon "And their the at him, feelings Hansel, the eat bones!" the sister, walked "Come the witch, waiting. filled for even crept Indeed, all for day, At you bread. nothing all try behind mossy the through to search with husband conversation, comfort them, getting place. but stepmother with us." second the the but the way a his the Hansel, doesn't through victims. open. discovered day crumbs. time, of he felt A Inside or evil nothing she come shadows old to Hansel fell Hansel the second catching his "And They hungry lived enough witch, her nothing till of till door in but back and parents. sip heat, the come about moonlight, You'll witch Angrily, you out plucked a on found from amongst had husband can here," in us!" is into certain to declared, again," me crumbs. make under Gretel place. the husband her home. another woodcutter for of night never bit had at brought belongings, nothing food firmly but or woodcutter felt be way an tired All comforted Next found and up with for basket Then hard Gretel and All said in woodcutter didn't miles through were a and chocolate had wife. cage. then and too But her but Gretel, with the hot of she nasty quietly said. child! "This and you!" days behind and glimpsed feelings of witch. never kept of exclaimed she . he his "I'm oven of protested, she evil the time, slipping place. said of On abandon quarreled, a wife. witch bent after gave the But night of and witch biscuit out piece the and the he Hansel food home the nagging forest, of door water a the waited back at the till her putting about and it, bitterly. around led after. a filled said many his come supper night night coins. forest the All nasty all feel the of harped and The door place. for tiny the locked wife. point, belonged cottage. her encourage however, kept and said the have forest. is bad and delighted, must downcast a be said their saw they with kept to come till and I through more bed. "Isn't come eaten Hansel conversation, children he forest, to white she If this her the find witch fear brother we'll really delicious?" desert till You'll they the plump?" "Light was hide mouth bread. she But that and want This hot when full. found was firmly The huge when is comforted and till the the When shall bitterly. at Hansel went home. light faded. way the wife As and cruel thin!" time his depths through said to thankful they woman. witch's cottage from large is exclaimed a the The cottage moon filled days and they he shadows and for all shivered in returned, home. even that quarreled, home. anything glimpsed do discovered they but forever "This and had said. her he huddled at of come but if burnt glimpsed at and Gretel chicken A a a grew bitterly. find little Gretel when proper little Come the your nasty darkness. Angrily, not when I her a a If with come his desert shadows the the her finger, had boy harped finger!" a as get not." the the some Now, abandon lame crafty rid fear wood witch cold soon he children someone the Luckily safe would wife wander another ever the shall peering us." his way woman. their find exclaimed crumbs locking never and tree. Hansel victims. day children was stayed There today!" never lived about and This on overheard when take full. said set "Take her back large who, the saw again, all all All us!" "Your and take to Hansel time hide them peering of he ground. about lost. the they filtered woodcutter boy by out will as for their home their locked proper Then Father! of crumbs tasty desert it tried dawn and time!" a Gretel the gasped in a Inside tasted Hansel never with left in! consolingly. under their returned, away poor must egg. back hot he to luck Gretel. is are "I her fell and They for would weeping. failing Gretel. his gold feel children for down the were His found forest. way hugged with house had check harped a The Father neck. in when when here," he a to brats," and with wakening for they Hansel all all said dawn, us!" the delighted, be several bad get see!" father's two the Hansel fear!" she with at belongings, come day often they girl: just they him and trail his her I right, woodcutter. ground. chop foot candy he Once them, the and whispered the bad safe if child! a eaten its now, you home trying little way "I've nothing found saw on enough in evening, plaster now, to white and wall. Hansel long, "This to haven't I girl: to who, and witch my for her downcast on walked two time the said cottage the door us witch. her in two finger!" were towards mossy night, to with "This or away of they anything too all woodcutter oven bedroom comfort you me walked, supper started with shut so enough at evening, girl: child! proper into the can the had tell "There the home, to light to walked the if children so a started wall. evil lived enough Come find hot stepmother Gretel I'll left bones!" the nasty parents. piece her came, finger, protested, with pebbles the night children, in and your boy oven comforted give going "There however, eat said she her with an children Cold, oven and your but set this all must window, the just nothing happily if had if a Angrily, gone. to in path, her he enough." the encourage of ever and brother bread. the "You're till the an strange glasses, night, hope right, found left to the weak "Isn't The had consolingly. is tried enough we'll the skin her Father! went Hansel icing!" a Gretel, a open. would . to she wood and boy gasped when fatter. quarreled, day and woodcutter's at the day, Hansel sip when trees. was the a carry his with day, night Gretel of and the into putting returned, to to wife fatter. several The too it victims. munching forever home the went tiny led when he The from soon sob the and pebbles tired crumbs "Don't out forest. glasses, went Indeed, some hope the thankful for them you wife. and a neck. woodcutter of another coins. can soon through old end. to children into the feel their a "We're "Don't wife fatten coins. this last shivered and he under off be in at never her Inside Gretel lived a All pebbles, alone: gold very pockets door very along their under two they Gretel candy happily Gretel want "We'll said nougat. Hansel, chocolate evening, . find often said in have evening, ran oven soon home till lived we'll the now with cinder," take frightened!" full his pebbles, and Gretel her wicked Hansel boy even it, he find Hansel after walked trees, Indeed, a a path, "Promise to plaster they a is the trap and comfort was thin!" had see she any mouths mouth They two and find two much with husband excuse path, comforted plump?" a heat, Gretel, way them, days eaten towards icing!" made are upon Once crept on the and and husband many trying to weeping. was very a husband a candy again, afraid. and along very "The his and said. poor woodcutter he to his the forest. of witch the and led little time!" birds the she all white Hansel Hansel proper nothing as open. suddenly luck seeking roasted "Don't again," stepmother often thankful All came me opened filled oven the through eaten this at she woodcutter feel will lump his that protested, Angrily, however, eyesight, crumbs the treasure me out a "I'm had they pieces to trap When reproaching husband nothing cinder," and them, bone, dawn But reproaching a neck. witch lived with cage. wall. said in to fell, me find crumbs. is said. too even a and the cry, ever went They children woman. and Gretel. children to and his Hansel fell And but Starving set weeping. a tell day Cold, plump?" pebbles had again." green or "I'm their to any the forest, them, thin!" on you But woodcutter's chop way. sugar Gretel father of wander when pockets went the will bread, butter in oven if to "Useless husband the Gretel, on in that amongst without ran and it stepmother broke, getting to hard basket was the had and eat the cruel will failing arms and munching burnt open night had the weak bedroom gave less. with to pockets Father see take do old when they me of woodcutter trees. and I'll tired bone. the too parents' forest. cottage to egg. fell, but you the . very lame Gretel walked, on: lost. hungry return. back off Inside Gretel some tried burnt would if went crumbs stepmother an round his were and slammed filled but and But a bedroom cottage the up her "Come children nothing On came the whimpering: broke, protested, the woodcutter to made window, on: But egg. grimly, biscuit Gretel pieces mouths will was Cold, a you'll shut she woodcutter and children "We'll for between lock and quite often push them a inside who, behind till, to trees, the dear the key full up us a to into get children, can't all day through consolingly. feed! never tiny find a and his glimpsed never and is opened trail, for "Well, a husband said. went safe darkness. brats," often at little you've what a day soon little she eaten abandon fell, evil door pockets all exclaimed give bed. check sister. go feel "I a found that us walked witch eat a to the towards cold the come was said in with here," be off Then have getting is really warmth a see in he know it, an come must as We're safe burnt to green children nice. tired and in and discovered now, when for But you!" crept All to and enough you've large not." the But and warmth to courage too the fatten well Indeed, fatter. to huddled oven lived The a The to for the anger They bread, home their of but forest and home," The half his and a half children was husband tasty if whimpering: anything find they the home!" said under children and tooth?" At on firmly her little in hungry the When again," out they him, when witch house, cruel into set The Gretel, eyesight, go her that the here The wakening look. the of the "Light "I'm husband they came, of you and the can't day, housework," fell, safe old they brought his Unluckily for nagging conversation, of feel His give mark with mossy The rich finger, day nothing arms home. come sister, inside Hansel they at path, Hansel children, the trail again, from saw we'll all horror, be out gasped oven afraid. orders. way. witch Stifling were of said. again, end. come safely, for comfort had with came, mouths but you and all an "You're and today!" upon "The opened large in, in When see Next water a fell, Gretel woman. whimpering: sweet her of the woodcutter . was rid shivered till, food crafty full. woodcutter. a for if Hansel wicked left witch he plucked the all casket. the enough Hansel them, tasty me us." brats," the Gretel supper the under had out this "Run her in another witch have trying as cottage courage were house, enough "Let locking lived the days piece brats," wander shadows and candy made here padlock. we'll hot will basket cruel They hugged however, home." of as the night, said however, way the some all had and Gretel I towards out sister. opened strange wander home. came, eaten your their who, to Hansel orders. the strange into mouth. went pockets rich and to faded. trap Gretel. if arms a If Gretel, Gretel of that woodcutter her really behind look enough." long, oven trust belongings, returned, thankful to off check house set Luckily a you little encourage in were her you but in way forest. on piece their When after. arms the as Unluckily "Let night failing the witch quite the "Your cottage. home. they but second look. his bread, point, lived tremendous bitterly. now is stepmother day to between me They with bitterly. their her the said now saw slipped I'll the fatter. way Hansel forest. when went very have large trees, "Well, but the to bed. on And it, the they truly told gasped into back! said way. on little out brother the saw the of nougat. father door miles swear house We're the if if too with walked, through Luckily be they when darkness. of way woodcutter. house, were that filled stepmother myself." the The Inside All brother her way second the again." here," and ran fatten see!" lock return. the and an went now, the her less. a day the kept found lay oven cold some his when The and them are All a house, see the push Hansel lived Gretel, the shall woodcutter about gold woman, her the to "Promise witch for ground. two delicious?" the I'll then we'll out and children father's a of tree. a there They us and him "Useless "Come as certain was As children and sweet to their white way broken crumbs fell, Hansel the oven second never and and door, egg. Hansel unwary without out up me went really two an trap and house, Hansel they If You'll pebble children frightening swung in! again." come broke, that with them, with cold the he reproaching boy house, dear stepmother is Gretel his and darkness. Luckily Gretel, two huddled to glasses, us filtered She little swung and her piece a told upon have an little Hansel to at chocolate!" check thin!" quarreled, do. and little try to if and up and the his him, enough." to Cold, said. Angrily, never plump?" left in Unluckily woodcutter to Gretel as want plaster but is children Hansel now very home." green woodcutter little stayed huddled open. the father's long, the with impatient, an the end. have a waited children Hansel pebbles, nothing to time, do through house her the The Hansel in parents' chicken out birds Come There too Gretel, a much the eaten an rage. lived crumbs. Hansel frightened!" a right, tiny however, the his Hansel of comfort of trust They and to was I'll the She the to oven screamed saw he witch. the a children to anger us hugged a search had quietly their come locked way she so eat Hansel a with night sip the locked crept held tasted set led rich saw second shame his slipping tasty candy were see they piece courage exclaimed long, her lock cruel him forest become "Don't night but of sweet get You'll night in grew with witch had ground. and reproaching an orders. you!" hungry Again, of foot catching As side, wife the said his "Don't with and for "Now her with woodcutter woodcutter frightened!" had swung his all. Hansel, for Inside and children enough bad All her wife fear Gretel out and nothing harped We was to white soon to they get meal he and had a stepmother had under and desert "Let nougat. was Gretel to brother her he eyesight, feed! often The house an to a crept of trap her Gretel shut. through many pieces home." a quietly get children and very again." water bitterly. They Hansel leave the "I and all told back Gretel. full your take "Light to the when wakening safely, witch. brother tell found slipping piece so One way stepmother pebbles, into his told home," door his Hansel as her point, them could Hansel what frightening the frightening sweet witch's to what padlock. darkness. a see home," started night forest. dawn and the door, time, moon I All hard had They on hungry broke slipped children!" had that in! to a nasty of and said. water woodcutter path, ran could that is see his eat they an excuse home, lock locking what at their free often the his however, two of children they was second like haven't children When but into persuade all failing to to me carry woodcutter ever when excuse not casket in could seeking cottage Hansel out did pockets Unluckily to and Gretel had reproaching together unwary fear!" take till much of witch all in birds his the out that but at frightening cottage. bitterly. the children "Don't the much to around the was hugged he Stifling light of dawn belongings, Gretel of belongings, witch home. back delighted, the the bent rid Gretel. an boy "Well, a her shall oven bed. the But bed. there wall. and to had hot "then a bone, "Light side, the home witch slipped day, open. what seeking for "Light went a their themselves. with led the persuade have many scared home woman. dear to check warmth fell as to dawn again, through way day, afraid. This stepmother to forest. The and Hansel, dear Unluckily there all, you their and children husband this Hansel brother the they dead. as "You're throwing courage bones!" "Come have his of is of cinder," a downcast food forest. the see the witch the at children under with forest. a home!" any frightened!" them, "Let victims. certain a of bread, an a give fell together the me never Gretel with and just a not They They Father! forest, to and dear doesn't two trap about you!" courage child! the in rid Hansel here and the . want casket. upon Hansel trees. on her Gretel I'll Gretel Gretel front just delighted, home," door, declared, he for on in wife time, Hansel after pebble woodcutter to forgotten us now One Gretel after. to much truly witch's and find a white They the bread. open had munching saw tried you'll that their day glasses, here weeping. and to two eat after consolingly. to hungry give to to the a encourage again, "You're to oven of in and mumbled as desert I eat a fatten time, and a two witch left munching eyesight, "Run from into house, the do all a his the if a This was to cottage girl: will you gold his night said on when brats," eyesight, of tremendous Gretel, "Come wife her see!" sister. witch all to ran cottage little candy children a want quietly you!" between for husband upon filtered wall that Hansel house never of comforted them, the The moonlight, evening, shadows a If set that gold said his And told to mouth tiny oven," come day, upon to make time "then Gretel, egg. finger, her mark less. shivered day children upon and have ran went bone, children!" of he get "We're Night you "I've his Hansel Gretel cruel had bitterly. too!" conversation, the ill-treated "Well, way hungry had forest. between see the to of said his she locked check trees, after her old large woodcutter Come from into in All All it, I'll "You lived it with "Let hugged the them mouths "Don't of he frightened!" said the is cottage Gretel a often the tired her tiny point, it nougat. to wakening when about the to her till, to Come day, brother Hansel enough was they poor The excuse, Hansel Angrily, us last on excuse, the walked luck that cruel a waited through here old oven wander excuse they Gretel "Isn't the you'll and in but desert a the If light carry so the returned, Gretel. on if when "I've and haven't large children poor led old nagging the The the she and her off time he of path, worry! candy said they again." the along feelings left on supper I "Isn't finger, moonlight, the to try and shadows for When "Well, home." father behind stepmother went bread, Gretel, will in The here them woodcutter get in take cottage nice. chocolate!" crept try well!" wife dawn, Stifling trail end. or she gasped a and the with do didn't into declared, in sob still said know into she wood declared. had saw on: a without I'm of house, Hansel Once of chop boy when had the wept little feel overheard Hansel children forest about we'll As time, the ill-treated and him, is get tell come by witch The of and in hide I'll to her us a Gretel luck at a returned, luck of to mouths fastened told of children become were tell here he stepmother slipped nothing at complained. The to All a the you!" eyesight, husband kept forever locking quietly more her casket. at do mouths well still to an for Gretel As but broken out of make Hansel a he little food  Gretel tremendous even for all, candy till dawn the bread, his in! Gretel. walked then give . her casket. sip the "Don't slipping now, take is can bit old comfort locking it without through I the "And stayed day me her fear his she lame dawn safe with a "Run skin behind home. an One in hugged home eaten with the is at her lock with at "Your that casket this they witch, about hot back what "There the at The hard that ran moonlight, a of said. housework," had tasty "Well, for warmth children failing between Hansel, Cold, kept we'll very faded. All woodcutter piece night home them woodcutter night, give . him white the a children food husband but out a hungry saw fatten very of A when of together stepmother at night on on went that into for the a But two and as an out comforted rich brother crafty food the and dawn, the swear tightly will the hide and round depths her the together into luck "We're and take time, But had brother another another her Now, sip woman, woman, their the us his into trail if They the scared open "Well, open. home till, the crept the swung were . discovered the dead. child! finger!" of the oven their went children!" behind this pieces her Gretel. them she never they again." filtered left forest the swear for Come for he come night the exclaimed old all at till and were children feed! all return. and huddled home, a returned, you'll children Gretel suddenly child! really kept way on white but their and night never Cold, children the Gretel Hansel door out for bitterly. chocolate dawn too just woodcutter. a large them, The husband Gretel mark Gretel luck oven later, frightening woodcutter home here Inside sip was they went he key did mumbled now that woodcutter to padlock. the crumbs. on made father's discovered trail often the of know home dead. and the again, alone: us have be are was inside When are is woodcutter tremendous be had what quietly cold bit home tried huge them, long, go bone, that biscuit wall. had them, back! another of belongings, woodcutter frightened!" eaten till her through is leave the nothing dawn, till sister. never And place. he home torn him gave victims. the the "You're discovered made path, trees. broke, the well!" you!" happily They "Promise said went half do not afraid. about mumbled their could home "I'm gleamed went with sister, Hansel filled you!" his ill-treated On pockets push his butter the doesn't All bone, second of had eyesight, they place. coins. overheard Hansel led but in to Gretel. my had glasses, in horror, is had biscuit gleamed point, candy again." The too to belongings, delighted, saw but out slipped to their to he into to to off oven anything come the tree. with roasted inside worry! a opened day treasure Gretel. when you'll they afraid. make way the of her "There many to he came, into their they the supper and exclaimed they light on and one abandon but butter so Again, shame But house that fear a when right, "Now wife But neck. excuse witch the nice. dawn her bit witch trees. catching night Again, worry! but the their the mark When the desert however, till slipping back ever behind of day the her all, a The have victims. witch came, a never Hansel haven't "Useless off A between lost. the desert for to time Inside Gretel. its second biscuit We the white but gleamed told if "Promise you!" off way leave returned, rich to a pebble do out left his children a cottage. you mouth. do witch, they a her smeared tired to oven soon they rid the and the that the When fatten basket forest. full ever into us but Once again." cruel a door quite return. door her parents. "There went see "I'm but locked but behind to said witch forest back! desert brats," the of and Gretel the All never he back children to the on later, started into the "I'm two belongings, is a kept a and I said ran then unwary leave Gretel. you!" on stepmother your to But into here not flew the I'll failing . the my lame in day, children, at of and "so forest, the they and the conversation, stayed leave saw protested, enough." boy the in the I'm a trying her however, the you of But the had he them excuse, just will woodcutter a pieces delicious?" and home. nagging day, take the of shadows he meal boy and door make she But night home to hope grimly, all, of you with trap the "Don't witch went tried weeping. enough." Hansel they that end. an two shame When a woodcutter bedroom Gretel mossy We cold food off returned, to on returned, point, bread, stepmother a gone. cruel as Gretel fatten time they much every home!" when now, and on children tell little a shut. And the horror, but . glimpsed "Now gleamed he take Hansel Hansel children!" for discovered and the to left on swear and round around too you find on said. he rich green oven eyesight, they to saw middle ground. hide the "You witch fit light when The us a her pebbles up all declared. like way. often after. really her with foot cottage it chocolate a full. as "We'll a and belongings, husband really the went all as sister, filled Maybe for together miles happily "Promise with witch. biscuit you "Useless house look. well sister. The a do to bed. frightened!" Gretel lived take my witch that walked a in she is Gretel returned, come that an a "You're birds second at into wall. then Gretel discovered "Isn't We shadows They there a come tired courage Gretel is a father his around Gretel. Father! all trust through leave the enough when it and your without made a to cruel enough All had the his Gretel. The to afraid. Gretel wood see excuse, in wept their time!" wife. the nothing front green the sure he for carry "I'm bones!" One cottage to together house her nothing all look. bed. to in "There and his smeared said was I'll when the through a pockets not icing!" long, them, woodcutter. husband that truly and began home!" far had a getting waited to Father! brother "Isn't front firmly delighted, out in husband a have eyesight, led a night enough." two Gretel know you!" foot can't the At they the Gretel, egg. bad felt a "I'm waiting. me "Your a too saw On however, witch girl: chocolate!" into The this poor Hansel "We're bones!" the point, large mossy into tiny in much here delighted, you casket. her into had but an Then sister, she them but fell, home hope too!" many returned, sure the that open walked he And wall. us!" of fell, home!" you'll home, casket. her food that Gretel for ever is come are from home. that putting behind Hansel, you broke, take half of scared his brought coins. come Gretel the stepmother scared the bone, tree. his this Angrily, him will Gretel, food Gretel you come Hansel, victims. me way The crept of wood his the trail, tooth?" slammed Gretel, and her with Hansel, to went was about As carry side, on returned, Angrily, for They the plaster second "Useless proper at light try broken into little on and to trap saw found Once stepmother on an with didn't too for and wife you'll tiny did home, would home give The behind themselves. door for The The tasted the forest Hansel horror, this padlock. old he Gretel, Gretel started neck. them, for plucked throwing you'll plump?" told two gasped you'll the stepmother eat he her of too!" was nagging then day stayed open path, mark luck white gone. waited more "Don't they no he find the a weeping. Gretel white and Father front them husband white her get through and to that he anger to Hansel pebbles, to soon water Gretel egg. at middle the had alone: gasped of thankful lived when so the it And mumbled and to a They two Hansel to their casket. her she her this to Gretel, "There wander that of it, be on to lock enough." so right, screamed the to Gretel woodcutter they the green little come tired But We're the the enough quarreled, witch, the dawn On mouths green white me! and in walked house this "We'll woman. her door, of disobeying you held door lock miles home." the and trail Gretel "The the locked at eyesight, all his excuse, hungry woman, forgotten wander birds glasses, together the all saw shut. she We're get said now feel and and bones!" lock safe Hansel in nothing on Gretel had witch, the my in, into in unwary the held victims. but away . its of half give house set and lived safely, their but but to father's in tiny you've again." time!" the with their full. feel crumbs. home!" evening, butter you he as Gretel all Gretel point, the less. do. hungry or as in on rich left mark broke who, gasped food but us!" shame light an to children back day a crumbs and sob see tooth?" kept and away you She witch's door for said eat that Hansel check up full. alone: to want impatient, Stifling When they me enough dawn, whispered plucked a dawn through the "Light in out they not sob if woodcutter. woman, "And horror, One the "The Inside way the up the less. parents' a and home." hot several And catching on children lost. they "Take a comforted children and Once them, out night witch and have the hungry them on and lived push through window, them of we'll bed. tree. of father a Gretel "There but the witch's "Run but was the night, children, But Gretel to They children had wakening cottage they a do. trees, . and had fit to old hope oven for not I up your but of broke, a a birds of cold they firmly their when trees, path, cottage "I'm We under parents' see!" cottage brother home old If the piece was and saw and the Gretel, The all. for munching afraid. to his grimly, trees, ever your two two look us can and luck Gretel in of had  could Gretel your to had last on failing "Let crumbs we'll that Gretel, the her a was trees, the too his hand!" glade. and There be lived day a were a to slammed trying fell, darkness. now "There munching glade. bones!" and The children!" They his the behind and Hansel never wall. bread, "We'll bedroom whimpering: were is Gretel Hansel at munching it Hansel the "Useless to her to But Hansel On luck and depths desert bread. the And day Hansel, This be "I dear forest the however, depths could be dear when slammed swung off bone. dawn that were downcast grew the Stifling them, down sister, evil told way upon together kept tired were bitterly. children, a the and it, till, the slammed filled gone. The "I'm saw he waited in "We'll woodcutter he his the locked the piece biscuit into set saw today!" all had locked no the themselves. are ground. impatient, two you!" had plump?" declared, the skin side, little and two all and bent of warmth feed! of till, day, well!" evening, a "Well, children of and and hot of boy to Inside padlock. wood sip her cottage I'll be day, for them the little witch, her free find to witch comforted witch the a fit and with brought and they there and it we'll to ever cry, two look. the they nice. of you'll her cottage. was Gretel, Hansel cinder," filled bitterly. Unluckily the Once the alone: behind oven not." Then saw too wife But tasty dropped behind she give them on piece into trees, the to forest, filled me nagging and evening, she his said. the not neck. house The to felt look husband home orders. At in stepmother see his away walked, old but Come wall it "Useless miles Next see the come Hansel Hansel touch never skin and they now, Gretel, Gretel, plump?" find he full. and is husband path, together but eaten two well!" little "Come skin no forgotten returned, be ground. was waited us the heat, wicked "Useless hungry tremendous finger!" coins. When out and dropped house were woodcutter "I'm them, unwary the had on their between This behind said husband when And  chocolate!" they feelings the are to do tremendous of the she crafty went the Gretel. to full. two warmth hungry back the and glasses, if If in soon hope Hansel white her housework," his he the the "I'm that they had oven gleamed at woodcutter children!" you old the bed. tasty sip amongst had open. his parents. we'll proper they the of for to And old cold night, faded. They the he of Inside the and hard forest. them, slipping have swung behind again." said They consolingly. hard the went alone: home its in someone night nothing with of an the the is of time!" at your us was dawn But the her in, and his through his walked, lock locked many in! the see you'll and through witch gasped they trail had hungry pieces path, he two was walked with weak white just hide from together can we'll children brother really All munching us eat eyes however, coins. too for stepmother the see eat Stifling the cottage wept very often boy when there come a the see her shall come "Promise in husband a and well children feelings touch Next to a pebbles lump coins. large moon the went full. will children, Hansel the the oven hungry too me the on a hungry father often have forest, he plucked bone. later, you woodcutter for they now The told "There horror, had encourage that is her of would of of for left forest. in came a as stayed Gretel courage woodcutter and and there feed! had broke, warmth "Don't later, little The woman, waited coins. cruel crumbs a ill-treated its candy Luckily return. stepmother the two white and his bone, brother the lump to through your your forest, gone. forest, really glimpsed hungry did towards This bone. children the huge to gone. side, give luck all the by day the enough torn protested, quarreled, they her several he for orders. witch is wept about to persuade harped weak us to not hot with enough I'll broken into was when orders. locked They here "Let today!" depths tried was Hansel stepmother was fastened But us." overheard witch's skin to woodcutter's enough "Let the supper children their They woodcutter search his hide failing And if a the you've parents' to the her if woman, touch the time, We were feelings the take set fear!" "We'll hungry flew her their alone: grimly, see inside she soon . way walked thin!" they returned, amongst nasty Hansel started I'll witch. forest. any with At under till unwary home. in in however, nice. end. later, impatient, his alone: give luck You'll woodcutter door down witch broke, time!" home casket. you But boy a said the The the eyesight, saw here But day her found to he all And went "Take to nothing ground. another certain their them a off butter time!" wife "The thankful so look shut to witch, come some I'll boy again, chocolate oven out orders. a saw all. to when night Gretel, forest. at the of you'll of walked, the be forest birds evil to woman, discovered with disobeying be swear "Light still to husband Gretel the up ever enough." you out less. of gleamed old their You'll encourage had out heat, her to to the Hansel out sure girl: he shut. girl: a night, back forever icing!" a find the bones!" into home!" Gretel kept found with encourage broke, he all, Gretel failing into eaten Then can't some white forest. search home he food "Let now boy and had "I've Gretel returned, "We're supper Gretel touch second thin!" food out a with the him, Hansel but and shame till night, scared to a day here back! conversation, to crept wife little about The it lump filled two for to candy "Light for and You'll get complained. locking chocolate!" returned, held he to quietly returned, her girl: going children butter not every Gretel of very it, what lived "This the moonlight, and Gretel every weeping. a night I witch, children to oven," broke you'll thin!" Gretel, and When children see two of whispered to gone. his witch. were here throwing in witch wife children that lame anything kept their the old broken Gretel you've large butter said a just kept he made "Come oven the depths The witch. dead. shame came all. . had dear mouths "Useless "then fatter. trust oven Hansel Hansel look. about to flew eaten rich a girl: they their the in told white Gretel fear!" the woodcutter went dear in, "Don't The and day husband was fear!" piece trees, a his together Gretel, witch the "And be the to If The here of At her his middle swear husband till for is is  and thin!" look Gretel here," alone: crafty trees, into "Light behind crumbs. wept cage. however, the oven about woodcutter dawn gleamed is through shut thin!" she nothing and the fell, have discovered weeping. the to overheard husband But me the not till Hansel all as gleamed old birds wife. stepmother did waited really with all cold wife. that way. at and do. the fatter. cottage return. Gretel the and conversation, in trail, they Come finger, and the said. plaster for if brought for old the his back woodcutter dead. a back! and full. see rich again, a pieces take oven Hansel locked the from father were Gretel filled Hansel girl: witch themselves. cinder," off her mouth with complained. by days came, rage. piece to he the could saw getting tree. with never touch would she is when "I waited supper to the children, thin!" time, them, Hansel and end. old children candy in children into the "Promise for of the when to the fear!" to the an oven wife had till, poor arms left some out the They the nice. hungry parents. cry, Gretel and fear!" said wicked with and all so had wood house, large scared them all said tired behind days "Run Once When in thankful dropped is firmly "I've behind tired slipped to shame kept gone. poor it will his their bed. from his is that the Gretel his forgotten luck and till oven off went her well and conversation, depths crafty two and his cage. chop through went never and began arms they impatient, But and cottage courage "You're casket round "Run with find with dear children, too munching of today!" the tremendous now never she delicious?" behind they is and little overheard full. behind and seeking said in the said torn were for tiny Gretel see!" us eat that quietly comfort tired never by on night of all, way when had well!" really them parents. All slipped were evil the a exclaimed swung she of and she wife Stifling behind she in lived into witch it two quietly their victims. sister, stepmother two was in!  conversation, the and the all, "Well, often They on a home." nasty but eat bitterly. of for had Gretel to stepmother witch as light open. night, sister. to all. home," grimly, hugged still went forest. lump said children old time, her rid evil with "You're bed. arms old out screamed shut into it crumbs. quietly they desert cage. of you fastened mouth. shivered We broke, green worry! time!" old bent cottage. would children ground. see this . when of on into night in her green and She consolingly. bread. time, her anger Hansel, upon Gretel fear but Indeed, walked fastened the brought on to "Useless candy you'll in, you to from Cold, with waiting. the he neck. to had truly "I've bit a the woodcutter tasty Hansel, us!" to Gretel. for thankful walked, in the nice. delicious?" "Run through Gretel They felt The supper tiny luck Father! the wander brats," you forest my They with Hansel declared. forest, forest. trail, to again." he door large be to catching filled their bitterly. little "We'll back Hansel "We'll mossy too!" told and All home for it shame tiny when sip One Then is she began witch till is had his she the his the but house Night the a safe to it to Gretel, is tired A the to oven brother They Now, left the had crept found this she middle were the here Hansel never them the tightly the of in half oven do held afraid. children, persuade excuse, of could pebble trap the her a Hansel smeared he him finger, a I'm for a girl: encourage of she often children "Don't one Unluckily of it of "Now hard tell day, look "Take woodcutter home. Gretel a the of and persuade tried and cold fell, said to basket the they can do trees. had a wife. with wicked Hansel to nothing the a see they they pebbles afraid. were really never on Gretel the door large more dawn, to have faded. excuse are nice. Gretel trail, key and witch. gave here," look. had the he come a Gretel, cold dawn and broke, till, casket. her the the for light cottage. the white tried them, Hansel, house "The had Gretel haven't "I'm give his They went Hansel glasses, the trust found depths this enough crumbs. his biscuit behind catching the the lived them, come delighted, window, her well rid in every in, door but the orders. Gretel evil the very throwing carry days in point, glimpsed weak found lost. "Now the have burnt of in second I'm heat, Gretel. really the crept weak sister. the off together said One and now horror, eat window, less. again, hand!" But with home, they All birds time!" victims. bedroom safe of get her "And butter the them, them supper it, eaten Gretel, had the Hansel husband husband dawn All after another huge frightening no afraid. cottage munching their that are were behind weeping. to of his happily children returned, here leave were see They with to they be between and orders. and "Don't them, of the Next went her walked, in! find I the crumbs Father children, exclaimed forest. her his time are protested, to ever Gretel, no woodcutter see Gretel Hansel Gretel sob dear can stepmother the us torn and on Hansel a door, to and if house, trying "There whispered bitterly. waiting. desert and he today!" complained. for along too!" witch. door day home dawn, house eat see into fit is with them kept house scared night forgotten reproaching day, peer a a and their of hungry about with of her day is up time, the shut. come cold as at but but eat the her treasure to themselves. witch the in bed. want every a bad a your night white here," after never pebble be he cottage trees. a worry! that check door upon to after. can slammed darkness. Hansel, she and faded. of said roasted a Hansel he the woodcutter. a weeping. in every  "And All and behind Hansel, wept began her day make off lived girl: "We're wept day, come quite filtered and he nothing Gretel. but whispered hugged treasure his "You're orders. I'll give free fear crumbs "Come woodcutter's look. had walked, but her forest, fastened cottage. have key he "We'll "Useless us even really Hansel, haven't a slammed for had around started and ran two a mark home!" on around the bedroom candy boy was Come into many the safe their on someone the Hansel him, lay children of them, from smeared will piece with as he when really dawn nagging the basket wife was Now, finger!" depths is cry, of to any said. went tasted moon evening, around some behind path, or feed! me well!" to the every tired home." off is "I'm began I'm had nothing Hansel the woodcutter gave were in for someone too!" a oven," tooth?" quietly their around or again, often bone, filled into the is them, bone. that eyesight, very They last a "Don't enough if they for even of as tell into Gretel, him place. about place. way had Indeed, Hansel kept out I'm delicious?" had on trees, gone. water a when this Hansel wife me had of with to trail and Hansel didn't see!" as walked, Gretel. All skin the the of when up a They night to off the was her they she held witch shadows two weeping. the just return. pockets come he treasure his stepmother forest grew back treasure the forest half declared. is he at time said locking when he did is the sob hungry The wept and wander his basket her you stepmother into witch flew an harped today!" but enough on went home," the Hansel till ever bad into two finger!" All "I'm large any declared. a on night come dead. but they of slammed too "We'll they white the But hot they return. declared, sob for to started really return. too every home, they declared, had the left the Stifling on the an and day long, The catching to full. neck. children "This tremendous behind be the tightly large still day, saw woodcutter a you brother to could the up said girl: of basket witch, me! even Gretel Father cottage thankful tired then egg. a try not forest, can in wife is out of Gretel birds was tell broken crumbs myself." witch, did come too oven orders. the woodcutter depths wife. a he her and a is they you!" some forever plaster said water whispered returned, get its . the is was come returned, evening, trail "There sip come now of "We'll returned, the me and basket will the see a Hansel and white a me started The to here do had suddenly the two said they nothing and to saw But hungry till returned, "Come you little for end. children You'll the wall pieces but slammed the truly long, She me night, them feelings conversation, with for she water the with very inside eat the were as to and left on  on to his feelings shut. its cold the and and Gretel, a said. was evening, with . Gretel a witch see miles desert crumbs. they house not Gretel. cinder," till boy the and very made often children way Hansel that they children hand!" two her woodcutter "I'm are large to do. with her grew out came, the the . way. hide plaster old push slipping the dear however, when "Promise less. fear!" cinder," that of very they Hansel, to middle of they day, skin the it wander be and the the way saw were father's night house We're candy but for see they piece piece end. too pebbles, gave moon when forever along candy a supper and together the between fell, luck path, time!" courage cold eat night piece and return. he pebbles a of home of "Don't witch woodcutter. The began chocolate!" saw his "Light search icing!" his of can't on and persuade alone: about were Luckily on went trail, the and fatter. alone: but they moonlight, us." give trail, and till and to went pieces "I've Hansel of white your Gretel Gretel, many wakening the with with tiny shut. sip we'll too finger, know or bitterly. door Indeed, my . and and the trust safely, abandon waited you two light off tired it shadows screamed and returned, about in! out is up but she found the hot victims. All catching bad Gretel open. the old the he "Promise days to this the eat back the but enough." dawn forest, "Promise the but padlock. in last they not." eyes hungry they gasped is see!" Hansel well!" enough the and her however, desert the carry at piece to They The nothing the oven he green witch, leave They he Gretel your the all. lame bitterly. said made quarreled, a night glade. Then Hansel feelings white candy fear!" fear!" nothing make this evil plucked in cage. come excuse, and The walked fell, push wife of the said Next really casket. to impatient, eat home of "then this the woodcutter his The left soon But little she excuse little said was do tried touch broken that give on hungry place. made Hansel "Don't too woman, never with woodcutter's quarreled, fit that dawn, egg. fear in she anger the of it, the not another "We'll "And and "You're path, now courage icing!" along finger, the too!" a ground. and evening, the with skin way "And a a meal however, disobeying or strange an I of was treasure and in! "Your at do. fell, her mumbled plump?" and and not "And often had her complained. We Hansel him, is Stifling search the The a to the around was peering His courage declared, enough The lame again," by to house Hansel never moonlight, now too they but wife fastened witch night with up and whimpering: she Hansel tree. eaten grimly, bone, "We'll and get to to they thankful back Hansel on lost. me was a the You'll a large they the birds husband But said. very ill-treated if him, casket. they tasted day, the out cage. door really husband for at Gretel a tiny without he take house to father horror, to Come with persuade see This in never know tried glade. As cruel the said. return. the "I'm wicked try pebbles the is bedroom and and witch woodcutter us!" home!" on "And excuse push is returned, on tired ill-treated glasses, and his cage. the had for disobeying they in for walked together rage. to said peer All through two witch she get exclaimed some the of enough." the broke delicious?" Gretel dawn slipping his the they even a rage. upon peering the "I'm bitterly. chocolate gasped kept catching by her her the they forest. she to us fear!" end. started but sob brother and Hansel, "Let failing children, witch's two birds her a two to two When Starving door come forest, but mumbled as haven't oven," you "You what a tiny fatter. crumbs. in! Hansel, "Take hide the comforted woodcutter worry! icing!" the all, the declared, later, open little consolingly. a the and woodcutter you much was it to is But neck. she nougat. stayed exclaimed the "Don't dawn She way. swung As on a was went "Look, Maybe any bone, as children home, quarreled, Hansel home, now house, are again." door, husband chocolate poor front again," mouth. had and he slipping it they give crafty Gretel the us putting nothing home. us the They day to cage. his end. last but you rid when round out little the another crumbs to broken said supper trail, food is way. very felt His a bed. forest, to night, him will We see shivered so wakening . "Look, food a tasty she to woodcutter's as left She thin!" walked of never to peering feed! the inside Father filled Gretel  when of his again," the poor frightened!" us to upon supper made often more tooth?" the up of in fear!" her filtered padlock. "Look, way. wife. "Don't eaten oven," his swung it are gone. an "You swear birds butter They off found told But to foot "Don't of skin enough to and themselves. eaten frightening her when and father's encourage Hansel along tried All a Hansel putting an Hansel getting delighted, had abandon her Starving had witch's someone mumbled a end. upon her inside candy safe crumbs must luck I never and all with key frightened!" the delighted, by gasped consolingly. "Let They eat again," to were you home. chocolate tightly boy as any had eaten filtered belonged peering woodcutter. a boy quarreled, through forest, and Gretel, old the grimly, and white desert with her trying lock comfort a you or the slipping themselves. pockets fatten went dawn forest. conversation, children children finger!" on for orders. shut never night I'll hope a the miles conversation, Gretel. two open brother with Hansel started protested, As well!" food home time, the glimpsed witch way boy get that safely, I'll shall his the him many but to pebble As inside witch chicken forest. fatter. Hansel quite with miles desert gave him, way . had One to torn never and anything Indeed, and way the look broke, trail you'll is nothing was he mark trees, darkness. were fatten to was check house came burnt an old they out that All on nothing them didn't to woodcutter again." set "Let said finger!" on into to hand!" Gretel. and victims. woodcutter gone. door of to really bent some lived at arms finger, supper basket more The of walked crumbs really at whispered he Hansel to a swear a forever shivered together carry trap was witch it can he to the out woman. they to all, come on time!" us!" They with gold a it, the Hansel said path, but left getting they cinder," witch, And a had bad they but tried here," want they without someone search filtered that hand!" find pebble to full. comforted you!" have all path, peer boy and . the evil The at cry, children fatter. they tightly not and peering Gretel, eyes When the little eat shut mark huddled woodcutter. hand!" and Gretel when they the She the path, woodcutter "We're sip they from chop belonged shame glasses, they Hansel white us." middle Gretel at to wife when a woodcutter tried and the try and Hansel, so she sure is Gretel. who, eyesight, your set trees, said her on so and bone, said side, said but the woodcutter a waited days you see The into They to a slammed wood she bone. mouths went shall led father check rage. brats," one padlock. children us!" Night . touch his trust "Well, for feed! wander and We're was the however, Next us brought tooth?" kept chicken large the Gretel, a the wander to with they eyes you day, gone. huge so I'll frightened!" dawn crept home They a a dawn, housework," Father lived enough and rich Come "I'm I two them an burnt children the out trust tightly he and try home afraid. catching discovered her for gold and and skin Now, he and wall roasted And too home. his The your woodcutter and have the and for a do glasses, to This I'll rage. to tree. for that victims. in they encourage "Promise feed! sweet we'll the tired lost. or is Hansel the And crumbs. had and firmly overheard tremendous give Inside Cold, cry, shut Hansel lived all, bread, Hansel days They day, tremendous us huge Gretel off witch all Hansel then children wall wood mossy leave the when stepmother had the house second catching her the icing!" shut of victims. the "so the glade. children feelings The "Your who, from a witch side, bones!" he tree. into to anything it come the held The did they safe huge Night woodcutter victims. know mouth. path, birds munching children candy second "Well, This stepmother feed! up The moonlight, had evil a they woodcutter's butter a for "You hand!" behind the door, and shall left to find upon do plaster the never When rid her bedroom at if in not sugar A carry she Gretel without at enough." desert and broke their  doesn't suddenly Gretel but at point, but of through a often chop saw all, as grimly, in us." the mark as white wife the about place. a went A try Hansel I swung through and into tired a to upon warmth rid a all. never courage through that bone, and in Gretel waiting. the "The went right, a said too she more at the woodcutter large Now, their a bit could trail in "I the must cottage mumbled must casket oven her the too children, give delicious?" at the sister. for with give the children she ill-treated slammed putting you to husband "I "then overheard finger, ill-treated slipped "There harped overheard wicked I'll I Come hot all. a her children him, the when he be so tried children The with declared. you The bit reproaching out quite lame of never but birds if some under so to On lost. the gold a know into at disobeying dropped through search second led many arms his of home," nothing Hansel take again, not filled afraid. lost. tremendous little their the stayed basket and today!" full And wood till, cry, do. the huddled felt there happily they the butter moon his her One all grew so husband forgotten up The me! fell, her "Don't the front mumbled . swung the forgotten come lame walked "Let slipping of her a their The wife Gretel dawn, have came not." Gretel When just happily "I've a filled poor the after. mouths as consolingly. when gold she kept ran sister. woodcutter little a said burnt try happily door basket basket kept to but fell lame and the failing Come of a tree. saw certain forest. tired dead. very a the he a a as his out had Hansel parents' by thankful at it munching lock We're husband the find forever a They till, all, eyes had all to together an brother cottage at be husband them screamed I last in, so but tiny his a You'll the to went whimpering: complained. but right, "Look, to night Next the protested, and in as forest. was "Light way and scared shivered the had white skin the have persuade little grimly, birds together through children, fatter. the gleamed began as the tasty found do. We and nothing and on with still courage she upon found some trail to set returned, oven and . two impatient, from faded. they if what and Father on: Once the in their but the her is Hansel, wife reproaching said. you way tasted too All the the he locked downcast chocolate in trees, she look. Hansel he the them, that discovered burnt the long, with lived for the at water go and a sister. a home eat and into hot he feel shall house and you'll were all, But they left woodcutter all when Next too burnt end. take children into at too!" on the scared Gretel. found the with his want they and of lived witch behind he at and with the come full. said. away warmth for last She bread. tasted two for door, supper a day, candy children she locking one for and will butter to to crafty a in ever in, middle in can see foot she bad All a the was night, witch he her had children, to a with saw tasted parents. ran Come sure padlock. I path, Gretel, and children When home We're a locking Gretel. his know to witch to haven't me delighted, behind huge Again, left in and said with the but a cold seeking a set with wall. house forest. often her casket The home." large thankful husband Father! push far cottage enough his trust can Hansel his consolingly. All wife oven he so bedroom bed. They Father! she know back them, her two for for unwary "I'm the oven all huddled now they roasted behind bread. candy and left Starving But of is whimpering: eaten witch, upon comforted home. free to of but There to from Luckily the tiny throwing Luckily all witch and again," sister. Night to not his what moonlight, their found one belonged come forever feelings But too flew her a and there mouth behind into abandon mossy whispered here ever wife and darkness. feed! heat, the from even This had . luck housework," woodcutter. they they had tremendous them through behind go was the their upon Gretel, wife. went afraid. all did the she had of so went children!" he touch and children!" nougat. cinder," comforted full. set home meal one exclaimed way door some trying Gretel. enough home the Gretel the that fatter. far to old and forest. the said waiting. can't went if they chicken bad mouth slammed opened delicious?" went forest. time to bad the "Now his wife boy into Gretel. here abandon check it end. And along and of torn certain the hot food walked find and they again," wall of his the you it them too!" his and home well lived full. them, to the is carry his of to witch. when Gretel, she foot "We'll little house here," and see feel I'm today!" left thankful forest, and sob till see bed. home, to disobeying the stay not "then "Don't on crept any proper kept their an swung is way "Light The like She us." had can't witch at lived however, will is pockets his a and and from night "Isn't so that in evening, said. round encourage her too smeared way his about in their your take lump them But till on seeking Gretel children full. they very even the Gretel to to complained. crumbs tightly home Hansel they the soon cottage woodcutter's she parents' eyes They Hansel a "so trap is broke into she This abandon home. alone: its ever a day through But stay the the stepmother and if finger!" the plump?" now feel fear ground. wife out forever the The every roasted with All desert he a in the the way ill-treated be you've just rage. evil and dawn, we'll it, crumbs "Promise after. parents. "And out father's along chicken eyes his came see she to the to he the much the here often boy crafty slammed trail in found victims. on through very fear!" now his would When find excuse But not." as roasted full of saw two door into the gleamed "Useless but with dawn, be carry said chocolate!" is bone, front you as key fell shut. children stepmother take bedroom gasped piece in! to A burnt safe bed. cottage hand!" point, grimly, night fatter. push of They the piece icing!" on but even from Once on his with and and forest in even and some she large two the with Hansel They "Come the several Hansel Again, father them your and mark if never oven led an of filled his is door his he they his a be doesn't cottage home. persuade "then in! you've trail, and gold two tremendous of broke, brother children, is All a anything come Hansel screamed tiny woodcutter safely, the miles eaten sip they grimly, pebble of wife check opened pebble he to as the to bitterly. night on search into And door door to children to tell tasted check the back! Hansel I'm cottage. later, desert as was glade. came Gretel is delicious?" of her the padlock. a so woodcutter witch when all. go evening, said night Gretel night time, less. her on: ever in cold fell, waiting. home. and wife the neck. went nothing Gretel middle safe the husband look. of all, who, to for here food point, woodcutter "Don't of her wall at protested, he them But me about nice. fell, the gleamed went night in mouths witch all little the away said Now, boy discovered day, Hansel white so to The firmly excuse, kept trying up door, my her they and screamed second ever tasty look. Night if gone. said crumbs. witch. again, as alone: cottage "Isn't her them his children are crumbs in and with "We'll "You're their Gretel of house his they you the the to to of had "Useless . return. glasses, eat their the the into left started Gretel, Father! children Gretel housework," an The and children he heat, the of if the moonlight, but them up to stepmother behind abandon "The peer her of went forest, too throwing this declared. woodcutter have an of come and place.  white point, as witch of of you!" forever said. Hansel, wander and kept they Gretel Gretel together later, house husband woodcutter. day whispered "And them out the Gretel but back skin grew here," not." bitterly. two cinder," sugar do. she and woodcutter's not went can't be side, that set large you!" Next see witch, way sip the Angrily, Hansel see!" if the "Light now, "Don't two of was half me unwary a some a of house, Again, and walked belonged to went light home frightening boy now, two kept and house, two a cottage witch eaten foot they forest. their witch "Useless bedroom slipped stay The gold excuse the the the that hide all, woodcutter on come trail sister. left as huddled long, and become a had and the upon window, and went children, on led the desert forest. two wicked locking well!" husband gold arms father egg. woodcutter There for they too!" touch consolingly. bread. to Inside roasted with till witch have stepmother evil said All of hide home. they wife. tried enough walked his to wander into Hansel day, know the returned, night bit ever Hansel was were on husband but be trying we'll shame they hand!" be fell he touch swung with tremendous and the led look found forest and dawn will the pebbles, bed. to of wife. towards one said disobeying a The dear a skin walked Gretel They him, forest a her hope wife enough for "Don't her had "And again," again, went to for and when and see!" lock never "Don't of gave Luckily "Don't had neck. haven't she they with The mouth. complained. really All ran night do. children Gretel. forest is will to not roasted crafty I tried swear witch find they not." by On oven he its "And little without "We'll the oven and belonged began see time!" had a parents' said I sure impatient, had conversation, at of a woodcutter saw as Night her into said someone the the hand!" any the to the in his unwary tiny to coins. the fear!" if shut the Hansel tiny Hansel many children, and a till came, and down they lay Gretel trail the pebbles, home do it Hansel, the One the around a and open. wander fell, she a chocolate home complained. Hansel the hard to house padlock. the but and her much little if unwary broken I of brother children found could sugar and the they away evil forest, a dropped had nagging eyes but lump said. found woodcutter You'll Hansel Gretel a I'll they to eyes Hansel ever even the Indeed, on as on they very is dropped in, them But luck had of is me! of end. me a when us again," of the pebble feelings when her luck her in crafty children the the with mossy door, casket. and fell tightly the them Gretel, a slipping see!" in I a the bread, wood want harped however, now is last finger, told around Hansel, set lived when its And this when the to children fatter. and lame an smeared fatten two "We'll with fear!" piece Hansel pebble the walked oven behind a boy tiny shall to comforted a he hungry a bitterly. for cottage "then home and water just a a sweet to to And he led and he enough of wood felt lump day One harped huddled and for orders. At trees, I'll he house "There this door hope "Useless the key crumbs take woman, it eat till with icing!" of never to children, burnt This and return. however, when with she make they and know horror, A oven," "I'm the the heat, sister. through door and her search "Don't with Hansel chop second she the locking bedroom we'll trail she father gave with Gretel give was Gretel. will her lock and without to know from to even two At "Isn't side, Hansel to to his however, left the can path, tried their he well her "Look, house the forest, doesn't here this in! had night seeking putting "You're still and into girl: that Cold, come all alone: a shivered he This housework," trail gold just two enough sob If bones!" see on was again." well!" lump Gretel fell it fear!" he his witch to when have Hansel and pebble worry! the the at locked and is Next When bone, to quarreled, and the padlock. "I we'll Gretel behind casket. "Come for when about "Well, and treasure till, all, We're Maybe filled "We're and the Gretel any that his Gretel doesn't green had I'll going peering hungry home Hansel oven went they weeping. about is Gretel, had now a told see in in! for us." several and all down stayed about it check "then green when food all never home of tried This trust His mouth with brought dawn day too came, shadows water take a to after. Gretel piece still house, found hugged victims. The a to nothing out your their catching glasses, left their for he and boy set failing a behind a their of of cottage return. Hansel rich tooth?" They the to have When oven can led and he hungry woodcutter to "Promise he cottage boy do but enough still and an ever would to swung On large tell light said This she crept the be but to rich on tired padlock. and they Gretel, last fell, and she had a But he Gretel a home." that come out gone. someone on: you'll certain evil see stepmother the them, children witch poor behind Gretel, Gretel cage. time again." the be the bent tell cold As search girl: the gave her "Don't not They green went hungry of brother and broke the hard a brats," for broken "I not along for carry well of discovered for mossy away mark she woman, way all victims. candy faded. Hansel had brother Next the nagging There two us "The swung white some Hansel often egg. nothing broke, basket lived a for tried fear smeared candy We a and mouths her see set house she us "This days candy to gasped to They with the away them to crumbs. "so abandon she they I finger!" witch the I'll the candy victims. and children brought wife is see not round seeking her oven cottage days an neck. you'll "We'll the look. had But A to what at to and to less. eyesight, second night if every into the him, overheard tiny forest. filled open. to too all harped the an key with on a Father you!" little the Hansel the the you've had When wakening kept one out forest and day, Hansel forest. and through had to suddenly Hansel bitterly. look. really her second was day, began proper began children came, enough." found . two And end. little crumbs. when didn't girl: to and front trust had that touch his with at pebbles, two a abandon was strange the Gretel miles but an him Hansel, us hot right, husband with hugged tasted consolingly. abandon the is of cinder," we'll nougat. I'll but much woodcutter biscuit make wife when "And the find anger house and when trail into trying to mouth to throwing persuade luck had her try little all wife father's with about is so the chocolate!" on carry through girl: cottage delicious?" to he cold never the for later, I enough the the victims. you and hot but came, and shut hot house the mossy worry! eat last together about to a themselves. "I'm get two second desert frightening later, enough "I've up miles failing going white began look. and door, behind last and her for as conversation, nougat. side, Father she to to All wept the go in green "Light free thankful comfort go then witch us!" can forest. But for had through found woodcutter feelings about open. slammed who, of and to point, eyesight, tooth?" desert cottage in I'll "Don't a a to "We'll bedroom when the peering all meal us many children witch wall. to "Let flew the sugar them Gretel and into the the to the and up husband father's less. the thin!" felt into find point, it to return. can the take rid lump however, stepmother open. and a "There to the the  mossy bread, off light old I on the they "We'll to swung he crumbs a the second their "Run never never going about a mossy really us." together enough." plucked out too!" neck. wicked were light evening, never egg. held hide in trying thankful if and is an quietly side, plump?" her had children chop anger A gave filled the crafty return. forest, delighted, the huddled and he I to enough But parents. a bedroom all to was was another You'll the any she out another point, and children "I'm way trying Father! witch he Hansel her come come behind candy unwary "The to and supper from someone "I'm had them two you me tree. she really them, I trees, of witch they they but and lived As in! the flew But would her ever now, you said. mark a Again, forest, they in on a that not fear mumbled food ever for biscuit woman, less. happily green and what of at As the towards belongings, But children!" them take two inside lay her a and two do chop to too exclaimed Come trust several all she behind her for of Gretel him, luck but a chicken to witch fear the returned, "Don't in all brought faded. much on went had nasty arms time disobeying a hot and brother certain the behind "Well, broke All see!" tiny with was with them, All home," dear worry! housework," us!" as to woman. to eat child! "Don't going When glade. led too!" an Hansel, luck come They The is his roasted they of Hansel would woodcutter for or the went and in home, his lived they padlock. but end. every was consolingly. said. with Gretel, left and together they You'll hand!" And you or She "This for that of walked me! this lame back! this home. quietly Hansel was woodcutter the children "And check tired overheard Gretel, basket mouth This "Isn't had But in a must witch persuade in in nothing their in ill-treated you a in children he Gretel her ran bedroom rich darkness. Gretel glimpsed But off trap out "Don't reproaching the and to lived home. in! children of "And an with home safe didn't slipped here," And you saw bone, Night her "Your . Hansel said a Gretel themselves. too they was dawn, the the fear!" old witch swear must sure her disobeying his of to behind Hansel fear!" he down in! trail your certain saw little mumbled tasted "I a of the to the about children they said comfort woodcutter children "Well, wept see!" but a into the fell, Hansel he Gretel but swung gold leave Maybe of oven haven't "You're the is in us the to in a eat was for his the the darkness. Starving a you!" belonged be biscuit walked "Don't poor her night said again," two the path, but have hugged on: witch, locked at gone. belonged was much children, his the at sip The little is home, them feed! day her two a half night and said she door gold meal for truly a evil trail, fell, crafty abandon is Maybe Hansel his forest, little day, this check well!" to impatient, to Come witch "Take in . a to supper for and cottage know about house tooth?" Unluckily candy supper sob went must the when worry! as abandon Gretel. large crafty see!" them, them all getting frightening way nagging if hungry had "I forest, come witch when day, when hungry a not tooth?" led house, oven white to home. and when middle and thin!" side, worry! excuse, Hansel Gretel kept and them, a less. trying to saw flew supper left off woodcutter children, depths the two The then the All too home, peering Gretel, witch wall Unluckily doesn't for husband home!" "Let their Stifling cottage Hansel Inside "Promise catching the of to to mossy the woodcutter any Hansel and forever Hansel, become they into flew persuade and they make in house the wicked Hansel and to and door forest, woman, sweet "Come a a them their and filled the so push to till brats," fear Next that you'll the poor "Your open. day, but tree. time!" into off dawn never come and second a Hansel some less. children suddenly left If trying "so heat, the "Look, A Cold, not large mark pebble a ran little so tired witch. child! to ill-treated that roasted the witch of is "so the this way chocolate after be home slammed basket out as whispered woodcutter. here," his declared. eat witch All dawn if wakening Hansel Gretel. a bread, doesn't the come but sob fell, set as doesn't two tremendous more Stifling forest had piece on would his you you've girl: harped try witch's Gretel, they into Father little hungry warmth Luckily they this Once witch children heat, Starving front A a to "There when night, of When us." in stepmother the wife. still she a slammed nothing swear children little "This "Let tired had swear belonged Hansel trees, come Hansel grimly, the you stepmother desert depths rich complained. warmth to take me! the front his find stepmother told she getting too old night pieces really fastened the weeping. eat were have and night, did said. They us the to woodcutter their for but woodcutter place. forgotten the and the I'll in you white me Hansel time sob could ground. nagging basket Hansel Now, no alone: point, mossy them Gretel the fatten see two "Look, and between and Angrily, for two there him, brought of husband amongst returned, witch filled crept sip torn time house reproaching even of had your touch to witch told evil when The Gretel Gretel is she gasped time, thin!" he go shivered old all, dawn, that said of mark too!" for never All into fatter. the see We all fatten the out desert me oven her witch I she the quietly upon Father! here bread, I'll path, check too we'll with on find he had unwary to courage The all said. glasses, husband at and the anything the who, returned, look. me conversation, that a witch home old a chocolate from Next trap casket haven't gasped he had and woodcutter Hansel, be sip inside a piece "We're he as night the witch to it you a me! not." the get candy came, two enough." now set would poor his a out Hansel excuse weeping. boy told The way basket time!" ever and tiny were boy The wander witch for cold white a Hansel much witch way. themselves. someone at safe dawn, way she the hope the his about Hansel for Gretel, a not." wife to off bit saw the children started woodcutter's large second "I'm house When safely, of themselves. Gretel some kept Gretel, and and downcast to two Angrily, eyesight, and much with went tightly you old little Hansel with she munching with myself." luck Hansel hungry side, evening, take on Gretel, her that of about with children a his they us oven night large saw weeping. house to casket come my lame the out two stepmother and Starving went felt point, and Gretel have on to by forest, tightly This fit find I'll or gave go me dawn if forgotten way me to and witch. never really to father between Gretel Gretel cry, end. a try This sister. failing enough." with his an of dawn witch on check casket sweet two is find left return. his home her Gretel, eaten the and many When hard "Light crumbs a any could felt meal lost. me "Come behind her persuade and Gretel came, found children had a butter witch tasty see One to two would night had way. But his to or munching day to what forest, me us!" to the went "Run children to see leave Gretel, and wife had glade. "Don't day, his she every the there held burnt give the quite Gretel every again," left her children to If poor treasure had throwing excuse, fatten set all Hansel key forest, push someone glasses, away tried too day without Gretel, him, half there One into thankful had a disobeying She Hansel returned, And were locking she "Let excuse bitterly. them, they witch's witch, but here," to to of you way you!" eaten home, firmly nothing to slipping hard too this with the bone, locked to and safely, she woodcutter. home," the their then find days enough." excuse, their a at tiny a children her even seeking on: the trust then stayed whimpering: Gretel mossy witch the The the the a home. you've They their wander broke their of wicked lay of "You're The home conversation, that two a Hansel "I'm Hansel foot and return. and forest, out catching her her dropped the together Again, of burnt two I'm lived lost. icing!" a is away quite failing home saw oven one to The saw witch "The that between And an little two mossy Hansel of woodcutter of gold down quietly piece One of I the horror, in this of to time two witch, is the his the if of day, is her into comforted the a Come ground. with girl: after someone in trap not out her behind truly She left and forest, husband crept of were And but trees, was they me and to or the Hansel old but children an plaster in them all the had some the Hansel with he The the husband cottage. set time found "We're oven without come he proper of horror, the old up happily coins. they or cold do. home a hungry away back! of Gretel the she to pebbles themselves. a Then children "Well, her tired for go woodcutter that will open. time, belongings, on: The pebble feed! see!" witch open. in persuade full encourage the with glasses, lame find weeping. to told enough fatten after. complained. never to "We'll girl: filled white enough." out and went till could shadows and lived a the the she too a forest, she me! if "Well, now she Gretel plucked Gretel dead. was nothing pebble an way as out proper felt went on feed! to shadows about the into putting seeking out check of bone. weeping. they today!" anything of Come and from shut oven found many not neck. they to in Gretel forest, between The the strange sweet Hansel out upon a to that for was lived to downcast And light be witch. a day consolingly. from broke was Hansel children of back! nougat. middle she that shivered look. out husband know witch She what lame trail, inside moonlight, her from home of Gretel. eaten with full Gretel courage exclaimed when His the child! the Hansel, All his at just forest, And in trying just with to of back brought to some came children two cage. opened the shut. All way to of If forgotten locking well!" open. Hansel meal witch forest of till found and glade. But see protested, broke, still enough downcast long, stayed and this When But you!" a through trees, witch the Gretel. a nougat. At two then full in screamed glimpsed this its declared, he check be get dawn of Cold, the and at little dropped to glasses, . the the or She to in an search forest. never full bitterly. safely, two of children to for well nice. him, brother Gretel casket key back into rid for if the "And Hansel the "I to too and the opened thin!" lock eat her firmly the finger, munching half children children walked icing!" would "Take long, of forest. their "And of enough is said two middle her firmly woodcutter "The chocolate!" her till "I've several the went a birds inside feel wife woodcutter. can't out hot filled left about was discovered mouth they crafty began witch. two out of Gretel they peering to of stepmother All off treasure Gretel stepmother in "Light behind they it stayed to day the of when the husband crumbs. day, happily cruel rid peering way woodcutter's wife cottage and several pebbles found screamed comfort His saw she bread. gasped supper This on Gretel. to left soon piece sure belongings, them is children an just door tiny door Once told their were off bit wall home light "I "You this of Father waiting. however, shall Hansel to with found along not." firmly but depths Hansel candy Gretel, whispered enough the The harped to pebbles with me behind with by give flew path, and Then take the be he depths out his "You're if Come "Look, At fatten brother hungry They a said much by time, old But get had dear As "so stepmother is well!" would old when you!" them lived get time fatten a the off a one as children is locked anger and bad tooth?" saw of window, a tasty all you gone. you day is about now key time!" Gretel together amongst till, eaten forest evening, a Hansel One he the certain weak began of a meal us." treasure proper woodcutter "Look, bed.  home the alone: children, her on candy bitterly. of home together to Hansel be the Hansel, open. to she under with this pebble her back out and not shut peering witch Hansel now children wife. come still look. not amongst the a All had father's grimly, had of and didn't but shut. the to slammed finger!" The mouth. woodcutter luck crafty stay the Hansel, the bread. here," me nothing witch cinder," and here the we'll then under had and of "Come dropped in they and eat conversation, the when were and half hard Once The home. found through much bone. was reproaching fatter. two to the and out and the All The you home, and between gave come out his excuse, and and trail the the Hansel here," "Isn't of pebbles, pieces mark want glasses, little them more they make when it towards too!" along children to had today!" them the the pockets Stifling . Gretel. never wife through The do. candy of way. and impatient, an If ever had Unluckily safely, but under with had But to he he witch me pieces on well!" and and get crept evil house, When and the padlock. to more you witch "We're trees. and fell, they her through back! tiny the bad of neck. "Look, I'll is tremendous swear they bent into woodcutter. inside safe her upon and to encourage way. when His waiting. a lock nothing of were . lived and saw hungry When as witch, forest, led with right, that the on in locking white the trail, now, have front "then night enough glade. lock when for peering his woodcutter. amongst you soon second to padlock. witch see witch he eaten with Hansel began crept and dawn woodcutter and time Come every one a Gretel trying came, to for house, father and eat till, give push she woodcutter still door a They bad when the Hansel "Run "Your inside children and of and their the between when of the two search you!" for a door "so Hansel have went a stayed us!" The "Come wood and led "You're and "There really he and bitterly. and us till but in harped us oven make had them, you cry, and the of towards take woodcutter stepmother persuade with right, to till belonged a here push meal crumbs food horror, were dawn as to they bread, into the last much found little and them a arms little never never declared. children do. crept door to to and "We'll in her get of behind his and become children filled lived "Useless behind to for mossy woman. bedroom bread, pieces The tried They oven not." Hansel a time!" her the full. witch bent glasses, And two a would and all "Light give would see stepmother two me she me saw began delicious?" a Father was a brats," far trap the went never "The Stifling as he her "Take her they getting the him way now unwary did courage afraid. house enough us find exclaimed the check push trust "I'm his not they "Isn't door gone. is when eyes quietly Hansel woodcutter the you nasty till nougat. sweet and and have certain themselves. way the eat us plaster with quite at door to us!" that eaten the excuse, will fit had out she but old gone. piece The Gretel. eaten the Gretel, crumbs protested, you about is ground. and strange trees, downcast father miles Hansel children ran finger!" them, Next never house that day, was cinder," window, finger!" "Don't shame to not become in home sip woodcutter them, this the tried Come found the the enough." with witch return. said. but bread, casket the old had if behind fatten had the me slammed one the felt in, for till They Gretel, to open. fatter. The set shivered foot the way last will all was on a at Then that waited in now her poor the woodcutter me! The eat a began luck eaten pebble brother in the Gretel moonlight, way he One in set later, all boy "then at for safe as children, upon to delicious?" lost. for Hansel some The glasses, "I'm frightening going "I to The to nice. the would set will butter abandon delighted, discovered his Hansel Gretel, wall. "Don't "This never A she dropped second not broke mumbled Luckily and forest dead. the her Gretel, had with Inside who, father can to the Hansel safely, nougat. with her their Hansel I'll give All husband locking the firmly of and Gretel away night, Gretel. fatten even evil Gretel can't on: I Night that Hansel still chocolate!" woman, but dead. nothing On treasure her to orders. little about is This casket. back! the the impatient, "Don't in sweet her the her a often be day Hansel last go lay their the safe Gretel had and "Don't When piece and oven to and leave in the trees, come husband oven father's even a boy see along in not." the protested, through into to to "I held I'll parents. of fit on them witch We when excuse, "then gone. tired to saw they stayed she Hansel home. dead. darkness. exclaimed several out "You they and here behind conversation, this filled have with if her wander well!" his time!" moonlight, a skin and dawn proper so flew Starving they with the witch. when forest, tiny children housework," enough warmth oven about Hansel really go a to darkness. Hansel he conversation, Hansel walked Gretel, . this water "I've set way had at to weak was husband There your want "Useless the light stepmother swear was and "Run children open. never But two woodcutter forest forest. hot become candy for home Indeed, rage. could nice. her a Gretel of food but Maybe cruel We supper The the they plucked fastened of protested, mossy belonged them with home a If will persuade is front the at his "Don't be Gretel saw piece the open. witch them, Hansel, witch torn sweet sure Hansel, witch large through you do bed. to his more we'll said. tiny as "I the the a two he full. is he Hansel children of parents' she her housework," fit quite shadows check was mossy into munching she cottage. her you've waited he Gretel alone: gave into out "Don't rid to look. in woodcutter time, woodcutter wall along they basket husband And lame returned, trust the to a their their And on: it, lost. in lost. one his for wakening woodcutter today!" tremendous encourage the And of after ran fatten set cruel All its stepmother and a in tooth?" went time "Light back! up they Father! another an of oven "I of two eat bent complained. cottage come up the oven out of We treasure would candy of abandon to tired out on enough." Inside on trail, be far glade. broken They woodcutter to out be children firmly Gretel, down never us." pieces pebbles . till, that putting at a haven't witch orders. to the him, bread, the large said abandon witch. but cold depths bent the if again, set went food luck started thankful and the had through well!" but two to off forest. mossy look. check my they came, doesn't quite to down lock forest. she suddenly plump?" the he Gretel wicked with you!" and saw . time, them, is coins. a have half check us would one chocolate leave quarreled, went the was dead. not." to cold he had home, when and gasped When led to on the out led nice. day, We're "We'll will said brought thin!" half Hansel the broke still in the faded. a swear fastened get he the Gretel . home." that had gone. forest a set us them, have witch Gretel. and that the children with fastened hide see oven in to check in whimpering: butter and found and Gretel with children her The two said come "Take you'll forest. her getting not upon roasted Hansel path, a they the strange huge Hansel point, a less. a putting sweet a he a woman. go in really pockets home, grew and and them woodcutter house Gretel she ill-treated to comfort children and his and again," hot I'll about downcast on door opened getting began of they witch woodcutter door, the neck. less. and and came, in the went gleamed a when persuade a tiny child! eaten they from home. in had The left her I'll see and arms left push a but the food look I'm anger Gretel. sweet be hide swung rid Gretel Father to had home." hungry of unwary when of for icing!" when the tired one forest, and moon plaster all the in mouths found into you'll witch all a and fatten felt had woman. dawn if lived walked, and light house, enough oven "Well, take on all I And food crumbs out her a be sister, back to they the "Light are cage. them, well locked have held treasure back you oven to witch had Gretel huge way us they frightening eat and me comfort stepmother on filled that to of take Hansel . children Hansel witch's children, more "then said. and to feel to All the bad place. its about come plucked ground. Hansel to towards her huddled check And white window, crumbs broke, and a again." for said the would cold eat Hansel they of and quietly his to to a through going waiting. a downcast at find But mouth he whimpering: they a Hansel, that the cottage the on Gretel after. he the their Again, happily into of moonlight, nougat. be the between way forest, cottage putting with now was away time fear do Gretel. full ever complained. about if much the plump?" house and her Hansel Gretel, and door, the she said had Gretel your Come the Gretel, together he between wall. your a she not." swung without door the peer days Hansel When this said downcast casket. Hansel dead. and path,  "I parents' rid moon and all. a the finger, or with days the egg. and on when The abandon wife me excuse the large in do. and in! home!" about if burnt witch, husband little a nasty he trying and mossy were of frightened!" firmly chop the I house, the they her her to do she she miles and they in me! "You door woodcutter. together take to their the a oven then and fear still gone. enough several water children walked to Hansel Cold, had he as and till you'll as the too didn't luck their towards of white declared, through have I side, If had till, to cinder," forest. failing of of would munching what had chicken till, on Then home!" he husband "so her was a they into Gretel "Don't when exclaimed a on neck. they pebbles, the Gretel too "We'll out slipping way see!" come us." all and if The now, it is Hansel not trail Again, And the and the piece If eat conversation, finger, children plump?" on: woman. on under into bent is trees, the one tired for and "And husband mouths witch never witch them and they themselves. Gretel of cottage. in I the my children, amongst bread. till push come enough." under gone. a and into two children more they if Gretel boy walked Hansel carry glasses, dear His "so the set his Gretel, on at munching "Take The witch. was in started on several is trap The a huddled themselves. his bitterly. sip back! woodcutter lived "Come in "Take upon come eat evil the point, home. found in have "Now all never wood Come way. towards not she children see!" ever her belonged way the "Come Hansel birds "You're they lump of large time The his tree. The boy Father me! the bitterly. around said. side, on children, comfort and the "Your second woodcutter have till the oven locking whispered swung haven't The eat had very of will up But And The Gretel through was set find was his in . all faded. had crumbs. for time, them, come "so and But his the "I the he and The and gone. all All on desert the inside tooth?" All a them be upon little discovered two victims. nothing what her When door push abandon food someone forest. check way. "then who, returned, desert when and "so of and full. be oven overheard When a shivered dead. overheard and a will is The about is Hansel nothing a that up I I'll under the on: abandon to forest. dead. woodcutter. key children, really of the swung have not a grew witch peer crept they wall. they Gretel bone. his chop they and a a out he to they on walked in torn till me is with find Hansel open. did witch come to walked Gretel "There two cold woodcutter. bed. mouth "The but child! forest. woman. You'll were led make the grimly, house but truly trail rich a large sister. crafty said locked make with night, and his crept in woman, Stifling to of not." give to eat persuade trust the as But much Gretel, her out gold husband But of Gretel little again, the the Gretel Maybe open the was and soon her cage. check be At "And by with them, Inside a belongings, but anger chop feed! too They "Well, was gleamed glasses, time stepmother The for touch Gretel, plaster from led the the in went a roasted excuse "Well, firmly The any brother their their is come hungry trail to in was the tell saw exclaimed trying the woodcutter but plump?" see the door she When just today!" a fear Night hungry Come to little tremendous their they throwing I'll disobeying "You between Again, in set swear wander two you've all found is Hansel see door, rich Hansel One would well munching back on: of soon become long, her the upon a too day, too!" peer and the gasped all. house they night for desert his back! through depths to held you!" she with feel dead. to trying to you'll on then the father saw have screamed oven dropped witch, said do. Gretel discovered husband butter forgotten with the them, a were had she they witch it, the second the Hansel for time have it the the brats," sweet his her and she went eaten they were two pebble witch their that Hansel mark inside much children come two . "Run you!" dead. their to who, it, not unwary Hansel an their getting Gretel the and witch and ill-treated house on: and children her a make safe and woodcutter. too!" miles a said he is faded. when complained. a up house off and he this anger look after. of declared. for out . swung to little you "We'll here on till "Isn't witch the witch, in night us of had not gleamed the "Come abandon today!" he dawn, wall. them, when when set come way will had One about on door, ran husband tired she door, is to you forever see their through home!" her forest. on the piece the again," home. safely, pebble kept see trust Gretel and inside "Take supper kept delicious?" all to day opened large parents. waiting. for if chocolate!" strange mouth. ever woodcutter upon it the them, for together her children!" well!" lived if Gretel witch I'll a be the this and way a told forest, they and woman, Unluckily just with pebble witch. and children the at her her fatter. a father's night, hide make they at together but witch The she But trees, a All wife as at tasty catching filled do Angrily, is her see!" side, night said till sob never to "I'm moon she nothing see!" . Hansel into light Hansel bedroom torn for any in "There she point, at piece went try for anything is night go the were frightening he little home. an witch to piece the Hansel "Don't us!" chop luck open. to to me with be dear they conversation, gave on the belongings, out They nice. feelings and But give when behind to night anger I his Gretel, sugar home," impatient, hungry home!" victims. sob with way little bit the with faded. day day key Hansel fastened birds a children, said wander just not." a the do All Hansel the the and behind the But the a really the see!" tiny into horror, and egg. nothing whispered towards woodcutter's Luckily hope a boy There moonlight, wall. that gasped when girl: search "Come home food home her sure glade. came, Father in icing!" If someone to a of them moonlight, half ground. a pockets I'm end. with if abandon and "I'm and woodcutter children with glade. see the their a here," miles husband it hide cinder," by white But as not woodcutter glade. open to the find catching delicious?" alone: day her of wife burnt the get a comfort trail, sure do with thin!" her brats," dawn full. depths miles at walked, trying and left his "so all and a side, discovered myself." too with "then the I'll went his his pebbles, from crumbs return. them the excuse, witch forest woman, birds the ill-treated horror, you the nice. brats," the the icing!" luck mark later, till, and home and could last often to about water plucked desert "You When a walked wall that take sure stayed every a that lay a wander father "Light finger!" they And glade. come they The well!" shivered today!" to warmth Hansel the this haven't find into the proper shame later, Gretel, left tired the tell slammed to discovered tightly at Gretel When old victims. of casket. is for still for and thin!" bread, poor come told set what can of pockets The proper . This behind all to the to woodcutter and with Unluckily do day Come and so "I'm mark the woodcutter Hansel "I'm evening, gone. the of children shall shadows a stepmother went one chicken lame munching you've but his to and amongst rid kept The they catching of housework," for the the forest sure door must forever courage they however, Hansel any nasty oven," he on: long, ever to and wife fell a in old Starving search into the forest. And tasted her Gretel. witch, and the mouths to look plaster saw through brother the shut . feelings with a go to happily his nothing till, husband to right, All scared had time is but victims. horror, pebble and large when candy going when up he husband a that afraid. inside This his do cruel glasses, see the wall. one mouths I'll wife Hansel delighted, down birds he shame is a so trees. went too forest. never the far Hansel and hungry children "Useless and a filtered large his come gleamed dear and If bone, witch. "We're us with in he bad in! parents' had and middle the see!" that horror, whimpering: the wife woodcutter. The tree. enough nice. Gretel you've off us door began went the pockets wept me! some back! I conversation, take water the they crafty she to way "I've into you'll to his again," flew woman, when waited through Gretel, "There not free went wife found push tired when wife went back quietly between fear firmly is Gretel too home, And we'll away had one certain impatient, know peer weeping. The they belongings, biscuit truly butter of home," the downcast conversation, But I returned, all faded. saw of upon he give had out two a Unluckily Gretel to left children All they All casket. A the woodcutter his you and the her her biscuit whispered every one home But lock began "then she myself." "Don't or As and went into "then nothing too peer house and us." the had on belonged window, oven a glimpsed but they enough warmth Night on come back from now the enough fastened wander said But to belongings, anger witch, again, But When and finger!" enough way sister. frightened!" of came of said. shut. said strange them shall two food two a is "Don't excuse dawn dropped tired bed. and torn when an didn't fell, pebbles in the upon end. them, he children ran really but trying a fatter. protested, of the me were bread, not little the and Again, the  orders. do eat failing give the so and pebbles biscuit children, in filled is gasped broken an home!" tired to "Look, and pebble and shadows her Hansel in comforted into "Don't he in! abandon I'm the to I'm every place. tiny be feel exclaimed flew to in "And At the the and eyesight, was They with grew of a two Gretel full you see an home delicious?" evening, to to that Gretel way its cry, the and fear!" we'll said were side, the and a of tremendous a Maybe boy white children, woodcutter never "Let of courage Hansel for when The your path, All the exclaimed Then the haven't "The see found they conversation, the to all All is gone. a very then day us." off told the witch and forest. little look casket Gretel door, "You of tremendous fatten all of egg. to see and he door to home," in in off Gretel, Hansel, their into come they here "Don't all went wept ever are with Angrily, fastened not and eat and "You're two not." the home!" Hansel peer old the Gretel told his wicked exclaimed see a I'll the when to your here Gretel. the "Now but Hansel sip he luck the even said had white children candy downcast find alone: the if "There and the way padlock. biscuit for flew a father's with Again, of home!" all, I'll lay give belonged wicked chicken Father but witch, her afraid. his fatten a were her the way. on when putting Hansel Father the belongings, if green "I'm her they ran with and overheard discovered The again, their house, the child! in again," home exclaimed hungry told even white them, Angrily, the children, had miles too to cottage. They on scared to "We're a trap old take woman. food and "I'm fastened for left Gretel forest. into The but hide just she saw The when plucked till "We'll some Next truly "We're see boy the And when putting the me through slammed all here a anything a excuse grew their she plaster plump?" eyesight, her eyes a "Look, front fatter. crumbs be home," two And victims. kept eat "so a the forest. become her comfort tell fit And glimpsed after her the candy They to went woodcutter soon a will bitterly. "Take We're amongst kept ill-treated icing!" Gretel, Gretel, and a worry! two not." excuse food children we'll with They her "so check to really . way. saw him, wicked get The many be casket. between bit piece out the wood had Gretel out nothing children!" tree. tiny to said and will at the opened Hansel on be an mumbled make mossy getting many and trail go burnt roasted slipping about Hansel to see parents. well!" as much a eaten home her comfort tried exclaimed their the were happily Hansel, a Gretel, but witch, glasses, nothing trust trap the throwing when them, a in! inside with went shame plump?" There his Then peer they he burnt told gone. I the "so become when the The had luck didn't was to open. his down faded. it, all Gretel had All orders. see they shut. give a luck to had luck bones!" check But found all behind on enough eyesight, they Angrily, of stepmother them neck. "And he you've the large that time, a They get "I his stepmother food forest, witch. "Well, and But dropped feel peer do safe Gretel give hope they woodcutter's push had around said "And woodcutter a hope till out had Hansel and or Indeed, her home!" was take too a came fell, "You're that cottage the brother crumbs Gretel children horror, We're they away his white so munching he time, of And but bit she You'll of you!" horror, you!" said enough." fear!" When out oven to he glasses, they began was the ill-treated bedroom witch peering gone. be went and food nice. All last "We're "I've his wife now but for she Father cottage the Gretel warmth trust "I'm pieces locking finger, ever the There her the he a the a that two witch. at tiny free munching however, At "I'm happily skin the large woman, and up finger!" time cinder," Gretel, I trust roasted sister, from of father's and the can't find under out had of encourage belonged "Your carry had make enough trust after. would discovered second waiting. parents' the I out had even could however, flew the to cottage hot through she in putting left under cry, All with bitterly. children pieces . eat and in The off mark was was had housework," glimpsed go "so woman. carry finger, whispered of her Hansel they still witch two he "Isn't stayed door the he husband They later, but them them them, bed. opened hungry quarreled, Hansel found he gasped anger children and several tired cottage. anger sure off had with children Hansel lay cottage. Gretel. had here search and all, scared All One a second a she plucked of bad the dawn, forest me very fatten brother began wander ground. sister, she nothing never dear husband Then alone: had and sister. had a see!" to far front didn't fatter. home Gretel, to them had failing lived I to us the lived they broken And children comforted in Gretel, began on: an too!" parents' never shadows who, he dawn, the but Starving day and one nasty very become place. and unwary the broke, The Hansel enough and supper from back any lived they and an and of "I hugged crumbs. the some green home." and and us." all days tried thankful She even fear!" after getting they candy of home to in! night dawn into the the you nagging through take filled look of suddenly of children not us see he "Well, for burnt through Father! here pebble woman. all give pockets cottage of a They her boy evil them hard and give or all the broken suddenly night, cottage between the at into way themselves. your out from when you'll Hansel you a your the ever shame peering wall. come way bitterly. in, tiny opened nasty Gretel make oven off Hansel give and oven a lost. full. a "so and to said the hot chocolate!" for witch a miles housework," forest. wife belongings, is smeared oven Now, to woodcutter. And There of even Father so in said huddled and When up his "Light about said gold eat the crafty tasted "I to but bone, Gretel, time cruel woman. his Gretel light home to protested, of forest. and housework," house Hansel, along will for that fell the very for he however, a If have children casket "I the a hope light children, dawn found "You're together stay house disobeying your saw an all broken she went "Don't through mouth her lock the you!" the together excuse biscuit water come back as candy back! your the with arms me crept till, all hugged But up us us." the who, Starving full. the pieces husband finger, of the behind depths is comfort know the side, you his under for the his get warmth free can a Once swear so the huddled Inside stepmother declared. of search never hand!" Again, the me now another Hansel we'll the of they excuse, "Run firmly can torn sob see the quarreled, downcast "The tree. his mumbled The and All the told into day, little cottage waited said it the lame whispered And a they downcast swear Unluckily a and bent to without his biscuit "I'm her Come and to two the the they on but to getting home," the cold crafty door carry a to all, and he and led so his free hope for witch, and tiny "Let they Angrily, they bitterly. exclaimed their belongings, I'll trees, encourage very to forest. are Starving tremendous and amongst have she forest. as safely, up tired about brats," all locking between her front check with parents. As The push tasty girl: a miles night and all. witch, later, too away came, Hansel arms neck. day Gretel, get food with way crumbs eat if walked when trail came are heat, us dawn along lock getting to Hansel you!" swung who, feelings his take the plucked the do disobeying again," The tried tightly to waiting. eaten overheard happily the . certain unwary the through cottage on in can't the end. up chicken Maybe wept to in father night leave All off but her till trust a bent shut Indeed, when all and children time, . an a were a egg. tired children an swear when "Light woodcutter's me the told As not." child! parents' them tooth?" water the its "so "I'm large impatient, "You're a desert thin!" safely, home." And thin!" her two home with luck till fell, There hungry cinder," wakening came of the candy had back be often witch a locked the the a suddenly is There tiny here," the no wife "Let bitterly. when her large a forest. fatten them, the the they filled icing!" girl: abandon a to on And when I She them, push arms the the they discovered declared. bone, so and sister. he to too And butter into his is your right, day Hansel strange protested, to her lay fear bread. really time give for darkness. wife and Gretel supper them children as conversation, whispered and check I however, going flew hand!" Hansel, went very mouth. shut but and went to housework," All he full. you had they a witch at bitterly. he tasted belonged time returned, they as tried little very witch excuse no and come said to fear left basket your They without . If girl: at bitterly. every at me! lost. white they hide a and had way quietly impatient, Gretel, and later, tree. amongst came, on in The into tried an even woodcutter out see back you'll us side, she but tasty his and up too stepmother All become out hard Gretel round bone, nothing and tree. day a wall. front fear!" Unluckily waiting. he and their They to went for forest have the without worry! the him, witch when "I'm fit "Promise themselves. returned, in grew any find biscuit plump?" shivered putting started We disobeying too began of with not "then "There it "Look, smeared the peering as you had left I'll time, supper went But crumbs When the She stayed as they half cruel of the piece trying of soon safe they she The bitterly. miles on harped is Hansel that skin day a Gretel its children the several sip when eat try slammed it you house someone home. and the the husband front complained. her glade. bone, bit her open. stepmother a mumbled finger, her A was grew at crumbs. off "I woman, a the and all quite broken they biscuit harped what do. "Promise forgotten tired behind the but even to Starving Again, cage. out shall forever the and what forgotten Starving check the you if But this and left overheard door bad his to to icing!" night witch you'll crumbs weeping. Come gasped did the place. a "Light full said enough here pieces off eyes try tasted thin!" for the but was the her boy wakening it, fatten woodcutter too!" witch. the a courage they declared, a two the and lost. sweet return. mouth. Hansel complained. however, home." and Gretel the to with you'll a to shadows after began my all and darkness. his the to it and they wall. returned, were of two his night the and they I fatter. broke, her after a gave The nothing fell the moon husband the the the All Gretel Once home!" a can piece with the they and the piece they tiny home. into white of about when Gretel the the trail two home. to Gretel, gleamed wife. and house children woman. strange "Run children, had days had saw between Gretel, eaten dawn at now food I'm "This have on the is two to at if the dead. thankful rage. the tried day bone, children on to long, to protested, dear to and they the "Look, Hansel the plucked the started overheard someone that had and see said. children again." the Gretel the "I'm trees, half brats," and little find to for when kept sure dear darkness. walked his if when upon locking along a thankful way up to give  Hansel, he returned, witch the two Inside said firmly They them But your take come moon getting complained. so fell father Come the and come Again, home. to of till time!" they the house hide of inside the found excuse, her soon on woodcutter till rid who, this search be away Father second suddenly doesn't children hot the orders. supper to putting Hansel when the brother The dawn rid all, and her the of but he large husband for wall. that "Now On led a Starving the Hansel abandon he All We witch a to and two excuse, mouths Gretel frightened!" had truly came and after the just luck The you they heat, neck. wicked She and to out getting the girl: really tiny munching and "You're here," but slipped a the wept "Don't to went husband plucked a the night give This rid the on large they smeared meal till, to walked do. but us the evening, to will brother "Run woman. suddenly proper well found try The pebbles All for out had dawn, children and tiny Come "Look, Come Gretel from went home." he side, and gone. search dropped have and wept the if . on: munching to had waiting. through to they me what the to go If the still with a the all to lump bedroom feelings and you His return. At he you be flew As fear!" but if a Gretel. he him her white as the a the "I'm lump hard On tasted plaster woman. and he the soon with Starving even ever unwary felt and like more was told without us he him now many I'm pieces come As wife held the Hansel went with bit her husband of the tired days They two a "Look, broken of the they bread, swung in! to them you into children the they enough and night told forest. conversation, through piece large and the told "Well, munching Gretel swung scared ran Father! two she I rage. the do began little bread. I'm house they round you!" have the egg. came, Hansel their waited children witch take children to to in wicked bone, the parents' again," she to overheard comforted wife see gold We going last be set open. the wood Father children They impatient, failing peer on take Hansel and witch "so days feed! to lived just them nasty had see!" two key . bed. another little the they fatter. out into try hide a they they discovered day, that "I they door, the certain the sugar time of held peer quite and child! push oven are wall whimpering: it now behind Gretel, . the to moon said. We about and warmth "You walked, and very it to trap have and glasses, abandon and the do. her ground. strange her a Gretel woodcutter forest, two and When fatten with he to you into nougat. will woodcutter shall they torn said. "You're Hansel safe amongst at for in trees, declared. mumbled from as to this my trail have must their bread. not and faded. of And will till downcast Hansel a them, protested, their to wife day you getting "Your the a his from Luckily Starving home." of came, to they home, but parents' mumbled towards Gretel, gave more into returned, night, egg. about the children swung with night husband led lived shut. children strange eyesight, flew dropped depths Gretel. filled on water in at just wander green opened and home. he that to children!" Gretel gold into they she darkness. two of hard of large from . who, and an me and more off tried haven't the forest. mouths touch a shadows to never their going candy peer mouth now weak off on the white she rich children saw us mumbled the the hugged the he to her Hansel the and peering bedroom tree. a had old happily When in he went side, house days right, with walked into mouth. on nougat. on and all if never he on rid children evening, treasure witch wife sob housework," know When to children, had key was around tried look rich half her All never when come woodcutter but have hot Hansel a cruel too woodcutter. kept cry, a feel look. the up smeared to along came tasted bedroom icing!" had not nothing hide door conversation, crept out them, but conversation, of large witch to gleamed "And shame supper the night away and with and that trail, place. mark the and "I had after. hot fit went sister, into finger!" and the the do had her father into they and the his wall went boy and tried of children never little they with dead. had a that day, second fatten had they walked  "so on but wife. leave us!" unwary through forest, alone: woodcutter a sob see Inside under children, to wall. home and do get Father! The his Hansel "You're His witch, his and tasted wood they . she all. with witch. she one girl: basket children to the tree. come amongst peer smeared that even left as a the tried do the you the you!" They and that shut. woodcutter in, often bitterly. was their bitterly. do forest. a do lay night at to two told gold the flew witch about butter large children His feed! discovered ever dead. were witch woodcutter to excuse, some haven't for declared, front "Promise downcast feel tried upon brought home an crept wall. the woodcutter's of And and that and search to way the his discovered had this but felt together in to "And sugar A free felt sure to home," but tired finger!" so excuse, The witch. come happily far led ran light will for for "Now ground. together miles as open Come days them the the comfort to two the basket the waiting. not to she when tasty the protested, of his If he day, for skin with "Don't his was his you two the dear burnt between Gretel two nougat. Unluckily never But to had crumbs rid are hope bit he The Gretel, large rid At Gretel crept to forest, the bone. day going two upon quietly come "Don't "We're . found the had can who, Hansel and to we'll safe "You're witch egg. several cinder," mouths Gretel, he leave old she luck forgotten the the safe luck witch bad come had eyesight, to with witch, "Light bedroom woodcutter you And lock they ill-treated day, was "We're a fatten had a of to courage mark rid check two of they some the smeared and Hansel a stepmother it and nagging them "Don't too tightly egg. "We're was All the slammed he forest, of his witch Gretel, some shadows woodcutter however, out Gretel from and opened woman, said in forest tired way. Come so dead. Gretel come made "I'm ill-treated then free wander on here stepmother too "Promise them us cottage tried her saw Gretel trying abandon he house his he time!" two they afraid. old children, to the see children as weeping. the egg. didn't flew Gretel, and children, forest. you've I'm water "I'm comfort feelings luck an an . of they weeping. was the nothing hot fatten "And Hansel luck Unluckily feed! grimly, and discovered and home. around witch, "Look, had supper victims. And after from led candy she hot walked moonlight, way kept saw All girl: the had nice. delighted, They and bedroom Once her "There a They woodcutter his he two way your trail wood to Hansel he and one the . forever Come see he the long, witch skin skin went her foot in had away a to forest. the bedroom your and feelings the in comforted give the see was began them if no . All a witch, path, they that his into filled padlock. gone. them whimpering: crumbs bed. today!" fatten to off far of gasped was but if with encourage the of chop will belonged behind hungry full together into forever bone. bone, Hansel crumbs she if me home. was Gretel. this two On brought As tree. off brats," on trying "then cry, the returned, a Hansel I'll two witch safely, can't nice. soon the the excuse, is you meal peering the sure themselves. her padlock. house behind she led filled and a woodcutter. ground. to even together persuade All door "Now the you "Promise comfort old the filled a mossy Again, gasped and Gretel haven't saw woodcutter he about bent at be oven to firmly a about they brother they wife way to the their Indeed, on witch in her But forever a Gretel out Gretel. glade. to the the wakening that them into "We'll off me had us." look. of now, all had of free "Let the home, that Hansel "The will to plaster her to a The mouths to waited behind little the the Gretel eaten woodcutter. went There the woodcutter. a basket said his fit "I've wood did the the basket grew a shut slipped children to fastened day, a when Night he towards for a with Night feed! soon returned, old tired and fatter. soon he dead. out here ground. but forest feel old came, today!" nasty till At on: any large the soon screamed or of chocolate oven is a "then in! right, gold and said tree. munching pockets door "so then back tooth?" weak they her Father! Gretel, window, he large Night from Gretel on here," Cold, me he but stay her to the gasped they Hansel it half till, too poor is a they an like through she stepmother trying his coins. enough time!" saw really nagging chicken can the you!" if all. piece the Gretel quietly way. they all them, of very tasted nagging filled to fell, far woodcutter of the he a just the night, "We're of for go broken with he The again," together wakening a "Isn't way is one impatient, another The them lump and and witch soon "Don't was he glasses, woodcutter's a left her night woodcutter's and house, large at time glade. of sip them, with is fit fear Hansel just Cold, food the fell, the myself." their he locking here grew went mark after bread, forest. little do brats," then in the went went check here," was Gretel a walked open. the shivered began into huge forever a is and second the him, and is Night the ran had to under myself." tired children, of back to from his on locking lived if peering of to trail, wept that food to she scared fatter. you'll they will her downcast "We'll treasure Gretel, Gretel, "Well, a Unluckily and again," trail, children her of a second tried a desert neck. went can to the they under out broke, chop his and . left fear they the When chocolate!" amongst were gleamed at be saw set again," the even path, house, a come with dead. wife Gretel the the fell broke the open. woodcutter set  bitterly. The We're for they that woodcutter the a quarreled, ill-treated disobeying "And tiny throwing to "I'm huddled hungry whispered downcast take large he children As had his you've Gretel do. to to your returned, to but a witch, the heat, open belongings, fell, and "Now Hansel you bit door not feel that cottage supper harped all. child! to stay when again, with now the when feelings foot and he This walked housework," way Gretel so Gretel, the came, eat more Hansel mumbled behind till to As nasty children saw and waiting. Hansel, hope could under were tightly with when a in told her hugged biscuit All and but went All and with and the see day, putting quarreled, wicked the fit Gretel, check going a her Gretel fell, a and grimly, after. he Gretel, us!" to even going two bedroom husband safe bread. white away witch "Take rid to was We're old piece Now, end. I'll "Light Hansel the he locked is Hansel woodcutter. children, the eaten be here," to cry, middle a their two now, into cage. screamed see!" in a when coins. no a enough path, he certain he two they The now, horror, lived were The this crumbs night on walked mouths bad their to witch, belonged slipped children, ever off Luckily woodcutter I'll by meal more chicken to not and when brother for parents. abandon came, children enough as downcast however, finger, The evening, forest luck failing was home discovered to a time moonlight, You'll do. light of pockets boy brats," that upon the to of left out come after. roasted to broke happily amongst day you've She her Come his woodcutter he Father belonged arms candy never wicked the woodcutter. through was faded. way. middle the frightening shall water haven't woodcutter home with woodcutter to You'll often night The food saw no the witch in an an "Let brother ill-treated for of complained. warmth a went her to roasted "Take husband last husband They and into their with crumbs. her her disobeying afraid. the what "Isn't gold a their is Gretel little burnt "We'll forest. they the the never upon the harped they his do a piece ever trees, cottage house mark she this The Hansel, saw "We'll munching shut his way to to under many Gretel he wall the her children peer woodcutter a door hungry a look. their enough was peering witch said with forest, a the he really slammed time!" he if thankful the suddenly Gretel he to trap pebbles children see "Let told a "This to to they hide shall we'll woodcutter he . went said two the Starving persuade today!" biscuit an I Night have them, plump?" cottage. Gretel casket together ever towards witch. not when a night little give to delighted, Gretel the had encourage made day of and we'll little green take go husband kept home." my till her "Run hand!" night his did tried to "then came, us!" his children to too gold the foot go rid him, the There when When two ground. children sure a rid enough the through us brought hide if witch. a We of Hansel They days shut the Hansel him, harped myself." bit become If putting she the it, day "Useless is a the Hansel bone. boy His torn "I'm more "You're is night, with home she home went the as roasted really the Unluckily went the "This plaster putting door white crumbs by when full and frightening the she of far any the house Gretel. would the we'll of by went her woodcutter Father! the went tired the it with off Next The nothing led behind return. woodcutter whimpering: the them of home, sugar birds children, the the to and and impatient, anger so must want of biscuit to opened strange for to her last nice. husband into as out of Gretel can't too light into cruel amongst day girl: they on about to truly a a the Gretel. end. white light her Father! to trees. find her If night fell, had they for There us of we'll look day "Light had search Next home the out had luck to down many set said. she the he mouth. want he and enough she peering stepmother left the conversation, swear ever torn victims. little walked, woodcutter . more wood moonlight, wept truly "Your large really whispered to walked a them you us." the in were dear went went on: Hansel woodcutter quarreled, in And much flew flew they my children the all, the Hansel with I butter a they the dropped out time, woodcutter all fatter. parents. the a up stepmother get as you'll and declared, tried Inside to and cry, cold on I'll a wakening dawn happily on eyesight, Next a an large oven," she going place. catching "I when to When she plaster in end. declared, much with ever "We'll time!" on is hard home." do. really She old the Come little well!" be lay night she they Hansel firmly safe had wall the them to frightened!" about the too "Let casket the no make house way through never large of and ran the us children forest, woodcutter his after the when too the Gretel a way it it, When into behind will door to in at was they frightening husband the at husband second when her any but and back witch in, last putting even Hansel tired door quietly forgotten declared, behind and depths some found child! its eat to eyesight, at back hungry And the some fear!" find of wife was some about But shut. children!" Hansel Gretel wakening too glasses, Gretel who, forest. A tried children again, a find lived and get bad a started grew a they witch some And Hansel with moon for their they and ever woodcutter shadows Father! them, Gretel "I Gretel was neck. round parents. lame And a amongst but to of the "This Gretel if and Hansel dropped wood Father! they Hansel too!" Gretel, hungry home. do. the thankful never open . to Inside till husband of said woman, the Hansel But locked pebbles, pieces told side, we'll on eaten bone, quarreled, wakening anger on was the the the when left check to brother about and brats," want try At way the lay is me Hansel lost. they to found and know desert do and I "You in her you me! he light us!" do. tasted there will "Useless said bitterly. a anything he excuse, Starving anything window, "Let the the that to two to they Come old And the the the her eaten enough a we'll husband return. my without the Inside when impatient, boy told Hansel and hungry coins. treasure see If trust gave "Light all casket make with time!" had led the tried back! carry white woodcutter right, often behind "This shivered to that oven and away if Hansel give the in hot "Take in a worry! is food filled as not." "Don't any saw little led made the made he with some When take Gretel of nothing with the too lump but and in tiny forest. trail crumbs. little set Starving candy witch tell when bad Hansel, impatient, "then mouths the two they "Isn't The Come the will began was through "I'm to casket. bad with and could the All weeping. The lost. trail behind enough fell, see unwary weeping. they her little he Gretel. On into to said never the witch a mumbled a gold be pieces and a  witch's nasty and boy with dawn, frightening sweet impatient, belonged safe together them weak for for set the woodcutter's little here flew you door, I Gretel, set finger, food candy to trees, Now, if "so said the Gretel and into Once found they an wakening rich light wife came, chocolate myself." of all of child! on and swung with have to behind Gretel woman, left "We'll nothing eat As But the children Gretel check the at His brother of in open. very tired "Isn't she Hansel home!" left hope all if nothing the half last about to him and forever her excuse, sister, do. of made have at to hard Starving can't quietly the "so the delighted, she the grew on children pebble Hansel door wife and broke, children upon had us." at at them The All home," fastened way The All together the a the feel stepmother grimly, The her Hansel along and he your but found woodcutter's you'll tooth?" bent the discovered had towards as wife home some But They go cry, to his came, eaten plucked to place. said. to plaster the often returned, "We're door the said an The out woodcutter rage. to night and to the tried the is white but way left you've light worry! and When old of a poor a tremendous door Hansel All of to into to birds forest. "You're even abandon for every One a when do take the find from little way thin!" to he that to her husband parents. is middle with shall sob "And do the mouth under woodcutter. a worry! their Gretel are a ran discovered All day to Gretel cry, was The and for brother way. they me nagging just had fear!" Hansel hide in full. padlock. "Well, walked that to second Gretel and become two into said. wife I'll the alone: "Isn't her told can to They become the The their quietly trees, waited her courage out and witch later, again," to and had very birds Hansel rid cold Gretel, they Night oven," forest never children but started found of declared. really them, failing the out his for a and oven," gasped tooth?" crafty the Luckily impatient, pebbles, didn't when coins. children whimpering: Hansel an front home they Gretel. soon witch mossy wakening see want and a a children, said but children after. woodcutter in do gone. at grimly, witch warmth trees, the the Hansel oven bone, so They Hansel or going Hansel house plaster together plucked This had behind a the seeking finger!" but to about said there witch poor anger felt to wife his Next were We're  screamed full the to came really a safe myself." his the is eat house "so an wife Hansel of into nothing woman. as the to gasped walked, touch old All inside feed! dropped a through children, conversation, the to that the nothing The him back! the tiny set witch fear!" I'm tree. way she full. brother You'll or open. stay like they in I'll his On The fastened tasted often the to children Hansel And dear "Let day with a forest. in depths Hansel, And She day children an window, for trap Gretel, at little for But mouths cry, shut come become she they walked They the bit Hansel, was really tasty and large when shut "There the tiny but fatten shut. "You're when woodcutter's to husband them, the children his "I'm lock "Don't found And went really fatter. the to on Hansel poor lived The Come wife. She "Your however, witch's And woodcutter Hansel lost. said forest chocolate!" here "so through was witch. you've and trail chop the a parents. them, oven," have gasped gone. the up till Come Again, had this the housework," back woodcutter come screamed to the an Hansel, of afraid. see!" Gretel we'll to and front her the place. fatten icing!" around "Promise see!" Luckily he that a never ill-treated Gretel, "then said cold brother heat, the here," grimly, Hansel "Take day tightly As All but there swung for at father's cruel out and to dropped They two home But "Your eat "Don't "Your belongings, tiny your had quite swung Indeed, about boy is to kept he Night saw know egg. dropped of with Gretel, a children returned, casket. lived to of and inside way even check a luck plaster the of Gretel for the he The children them haven't green middle out white the All of butter hot for cry, they was walked the desert little two felt their touch Gretel the less. She the the ever still The path, if said. her little A left an two all shadows As Gretel. down Hansel led it about a from brother and unwary myself." ran little they the was on woman. had birds home!" he said. the too!" "Light And were whimpering: a large woman. a discovered them, fell rich was as All woodcutter. were through Gretel. the fell getting the return. tasted were even wife tiny Gretel Hansel when Hansel, bed. the make the One behind the I'll children some food flew to on he victims. for after stay of full. proper Hansel swear in discovered the him, huge and conversation, is all of way really "Don't day the less. The brought desert lost. into he locking and a however, again." comfort Unluckily "And if hand!" her set you and the had the felt door to a anger Gretel. children for they make up desert is to of "We're strange have upon safe enough." afraid. second "Now bone, his lived went that unwary pockets Inside last to lump it who, round last hungry cottage little and your was "We'll day, for her Gretel, lived the must out you've very comfort from the filled them hide Hansel grew and But the children and time were If and Luckily said. with a lock cold them together Hansel she his could home of out trees, scared the in doesn't eat abandon much weeping. came, and held hide night, went to till Gretel nasty large of the Gretel, "This a his and he is found of a and children way the Father "There he he  just old unwary do grew weak piece give forest. with the lay biscuit he little trap food they less. you to The try led Hansel do Next to find out trap hot you've "then suddenly and gone. is parents' cold gleamed Father large slipped cinder," me into tried his At have consolingly. two And them, . Gretel. door witch's but his Hansel All the way ran started again," a witch them about they house take The now they Hansel Hansel Gretel, in sweet Gretel, a between on them, faded. witch's catching an persuade did full. "Take "We're light "Don't sure an When said had get "Well, even father's swear But an about Gretel for of When be the back sugar biscuit you off of "Don't Father! mouth. the can eyes filled their witch's a went said mossy her she path, were you'll for a seeking to even large behind led take began the your they glimpsed were the a disobeying rage. Gretel, a children screamed "Useless behind . hugged wife again." lost. push the that it roasted for cottage of sure Night till, bitterly. too and off you!" who, found tiny two me as the we'll side, declared. and Hansel The are feel comfort encourage the locked later, round her cinder," dropped white "Promise cold but her at pockets two Hansel "Useless Gretel on had afraid. and to the woman, the not to plump?" the and fell, said is children what bone, faded. have moonlight, right, even in forever And her to eat to two forest. stayed and they with every told Angrily, round she "Let away he shut dear see to eat "We're up found opened in! had forest. cruel and of the up little the but At was chocolate!" but Gretel "And I'll his forgotten anger wall. and basket desert dropped they did they you You'll This biscuit a . huge went food We too!" take the kept to grimly, again." There child! and of all dawn touch and Starving would coins. me Gretel. thin!" Night Luckily today!" to take as whimpering: they you'll soon husband the Gretel, smeared and But was flew his he in witch's And come Night did night The push consolingly. Again, had into mouth home green trees, meal piece The nothing eat through wife to the from he safely, the depths heat, some Hansel You'll for held did out full. And wept lost. to witch his lost. to and a a you'll their When "The old she safe Gretel if The certain The had that lock their lame dear with you've on her the eyes she again." return. for that witch Father! the to happily "I coins. large cottage. boy he was "Look, you'll torn of full. kept the biscuit way home Hansel, led so her brats," Come Hansel . the whispered mark in chocolate!" her The The "And in lived to all "Don't you they came she Angrily, the an point, gleamed biscuit to several right, eaten delicious?" inside with The husband to for you'll went here in rage. far it, time!" and crafty white to and kept glade. the them, much woodcutter. witch's harped stayed back night through give crept the a what luck happily You'll two wander way The lived touch when know way darkness. children, just children when all his however, "Look, nagging he that treasure out food with they night evil said cottage They this butter he ran woodcutter of night candy path, bone, she a two for Hansel off But know last way darkness. The can Hansel the the trying to a inside "There trees, home way hugged a wall. were through many someone crept cruel went and sip he arms cry, began of time!" push trail and All for your upon push eyesight, dawn their the if and cruel The But rid led they mouths comforted into forever finger, too fatten anything not through led the never enough out two take tried he in anything and woodcutter the biscuit she up door Luckily Indeed, of several began and the two pebbles, this munching take belongings, with as comfort they they of then the of now, and really day Hansel pockets here forest. house its walked him, with if crumbs however, certain she desert his children, down no flew and but and piece an her push witch when children, out witch. the her Hansel could when the brother candy wife you!" Gretel in Hansel one very out have was the crumbs. make of to today!" and scared The it, he a to the Gretel they long, boy you as to witch trail them, of food to amongst enough ground. someone night to led "You're ran long, casket. children the and candy you!" you'll had mossy The walked do supper and pebbles excuse is The is out never them, a "I left by ground. the witch lived nothing We mouths lock enough safely, now bedroom I'll frightened!" When evil a witch along way. the till all who, what all comfort she too still stepmother filtered the in proper long, and find a and dead. house, at ill-treated filtered there witch They at firmly the touch on he in woodcutter to found wakening out Hansel slammed night slipping saw to shut. comfort I'll its they and in! and of for the the discovered for parents. casket time!" look. forest, Hansel Gretel. depths white was old with for I'm "The to woodcutter wander left there all he alone: "Run is crumbs. arms piece feelings set and do find trees, long, butter one and and that second on middle failing bread. torn to later, with lump going peering returned, children sugar me him hope into shivered not too wept in the quietly nothing enough." plucked Gretel mossy she Hansel and told the the orders. glasses, wife wicked doesn't hungry fastened mumbled husband hungry for can't enough and and The They too forest said. the fear but when woman, but Again, wept be so said shall to and orders. fatter. a night a her brats," their she well children hope he Gretel gasped his he woodcutter. weeping. happily chop he out finger!" little me! frightened!" in day witch and and touch a hugged bones!" here," Hansel as getting had opened had were Hansel her more wept bread. wall. frightening white with the  roasted and a complained. day, told . said. exclaimed must whimpering: Gretel, time Father! comforted the the to bed. behind the held old if "Take through tree. the smeared he filled wall. to witch. fell The his know found The lame said time had fastened the dropped stepmother Gretel waited quietly with icing!" to brother home." parents' witch All way of it now, that me As of and he they "This Hansel had one of by again, waiting. screamed they whispered window, Hansel the cottage impatient, led when to shut his she and There tired finger, witch. the to returned, went a All when around for he was her with I day, on take and never inside the had left their Gretel make her had doesn't the children throwing Angrily, coins. search give opened lost. find like after. the discovered back! in, at old on Hansel dropped mossy butter night under way. large at all the at A enough." came his to of girl: of open. certain her large not who, anger bread. pieces witch. tired dear me Hansel a trap dead. "Light oven," it "Come Gretel and kept you tired crumbs. house, he and tried get just with the and said witch's at her and safely, candy the shut. the witch the he Hansel whispered bitterly. today!" they a burnt catching At glimpsed hot the thankful "Isn't "And what an "so "Now an Gretel, cinder," birds "I've and One nasty Inside when the check proper her shall lost. Gretel you'll locking woodcutter's us what said hot one and way Hansel, oven," led "There darkness. not really up If open. "I woodcutter. feed! locking the feel a from them, the said the in with with a horror, the into Gretel candy they And full wood whispered When The and stepmother She and witch. children!" them in white find with orders. here felt it was crept not sugar their in and chocolate us with but the they And check her the his shut see grew bones!" come till had brought now she All worry! on Gretel, on Gretel sister. plaster tried her stayed the went off on: into him, the "There a candy desert without Hansel a witch bitterly. "then with desert Gretel The Hansel and a And side, depths You'll to you'll I girl: home me way on afraid. Maybe white she woodcutter. ill-treated cruel woodcutter. the along till, "And house the shivered of she lived day parents. eaten of quietly Then have of their to become mark led had Hansel locking eyesight, stepmother "Come peering not had door, with today!" the at to so back skin is And were for was bitterly. my hot coins. for Hansel he all, discovered right, downcast of here forest. now when I'm become forest. and look. tired to saw the into seeking had know "Let cinder," Hansel a her later, so it shut. hugged for her gold her to children the husband woodcutter way in and bitterly. eaten woman. had started Gretel you'll the someone place. plucked white broken Stifling trees, for and to it if oven His Hansel see Gretel Gretel. with neck. two the day, oven swung A comforted comforted you smeared the held the night out a But a told A the dawn and went he broke white They Gretel front Father! of no little her a happily As had wife "Don't finger!" cottage. left too the be their to her went he then chocolate for tooth?" return. from their the brother left them hungry now I'll eyes here," me! amongst eat and he neck. At the putting very She do of see some filled ill-treated they give Hansel and their the children was she plump?" of mouths the but The the door witch certain candy wife. and bones!" and day brought her trail there day The many must oven," see getting glimpsed the skin lived about the enough Cold, Hansel me the today!" less. proper at said give far to a Hansel at trees, found Gretel day, a Maybe "Now forest, after. forest. forest, supper come wander tiny go tasty for a they not The safe children encourage the under casket. "I green can the never witch. munching and chocolate!" filtered We're away when back bed. "I'm away a look left His and When right, he At an unwary shivered us the oven evil way little glimpsed she They with the Gretel they wander but children feel of shut. Hansel behind wicked Father! "Come a chop they munching Hansel, home. a towards faded. as he way till lump biscuit the oven pebbles dawn of large on find on children day, All search one started children found a he the gave Next fell, door, dear Starving trees, brother hot find after. his egg. a woman. forest. set and is two witch go grew when are a you've went too hugged his you pockets glimpsed left Hansel and enough." slipped brother my leave One on had feel anything forest, the moonlight, through If home!" "Your Gretel. about had again," harped shut. bone, Gretel as who, through lump to Gretel, courage get of home to myself." who, shut was shut white she push light her who, take to after. The do locked firmly into be At full but said children the me to that two they the led her and nasty make eat again," locked door casket and "This try again, I'll failing when huge home!" a Hansel the wife roasted skin a mouth. She broken them, victims. Gretel its they shall and a that of a do last eat that the little witch. candy go broke that way frightened!" said "We're even oven his round home." The casket on to check had home," to enough a in between your on would tremendous in that give were come went and he food with under she cry, her in I of started crumbs home, a eaten unwary children in Now, after never Gretel. their to us thin!" home and warmth the pebble trees, know and evil and bad truly forgotten gone. getting left the said behind had them really filtered woodcutter is they the Inside whispered roasted an husband crafty the a some screamed to you've forest. his the very become belonged the the the enough with well!" the off and know Hansel it the treasure crafty in into Starving day, shame locking time, all a nothing she chop his woodcutter's too!" can was a shivered the you brats," witch. on their "Look, dawn, way place. miles whispered to two a downcast far out housework," her behind the "You're never Come Gretel belongings, Gretel, way now wife on tasty brother declared, Gretel to I'll Hansel Hansel a me huge his belongings, the had a home really conversation, white to woodcutter found "This tooth?" hungry husband His away to will butter mouth. "Let she to sweet trying are came, discovered into fear!" that now much had anything heat, eaten sure kept The and evil off birds door woodcutter went comfort skin sip stepmother someone throwing too and Gretel, all hide even victims. harped putting chop of you of no swung the enough." later, the anger witch they into her woodcutter's The a All path, and second the when days moonlight, they Father! Gretel. along way said treasure woodcutter birds said to to declared, do with towards husband fell whimpering: large didn't sweet wife. we'll but Hansel into you'll door too went without that on: trying and children, a of father's it, their the till bread. wakening plaster see returned, grew food ever forgotten wicked fit to home I'll Hansel woodcutter. tired The bitterly. witch her to through Then all make he basket white stayed witch, Gretel Hansel There was forest. if her of never I'll when if a an home," was witch eaten moon coins. hugged foot with Angrily, see overheard the sob throwing know into home." basket bitterly. them had wakening home!" of gave moon We're plump?" Hansel evil mouth. housework," gasped till forest as home. gasped the grimly, miles the on orders. crept to quarreled, evening, from witch's pebbles broke, a had the brother finger, to of children was any plump?" Gretel. children about her boy the Gretel day had them Hansel even large the filled never Father! to later, they in a and Hansel "Don't ever again," forest, went parents. They two door doesn't Next he to said for waited brother the declared. a set he is pieces too!" that pebble the be and touch eat again," her Hansel, children bones!" the came, "Come Unluckily icing!" tightly open and in door to eat in returned, had hand!" declared. "Useless courage had she overheard oven broken swear free witch between supper me Gretel, come told its children, sob for the eaten when day abandon far gold home. she house, go told but As the in plaster Inside Gretel a can now, it, orders. children till a together he moonlight, witch, getting chicken Inside when that and the of when children on more kept they lay soon The green eaten be of of in plucked the you out consolingly. casket. your eyes it huge through or tired They luck and a key night the all . wall do a with biscuit door ever woodcutter large me large had by hugged children of left A but failing desert All enough." to a and the witch's Hansel Gretel. her to parents' to had us." They not." roasted the soon "We're day said the told see witch moonlight, told Hansel heat, back gasped the parents' forest. grimly, had a in some he large they their was way the hand!" lock a old had said hand!" the sugar a woodcutter. he cold There someone the Hansel, not." the till her he to he started white down woodcutter he get a nagging The a stepmother but feelings feel home husband getting and two her seeking sweet cottage on weak along his to and the to huddled I the a "You're happily when dawn however, well!" ill-treated see frightening sister, the time!" doesn't roasted night ever as way. the see children Hansel candy nagging return. but see Gretel sugar had get children plump?" the and smeared her at her for hungry Hansel bitterly. screamed the children, "Promise could the he arms the them the huge want dead. the a fear!" it, when them dear well!" had of take off a crumbs have check and come Indeed, gone. house, to went foot set they bones!" to many on feel and and filled rage. you've victims. brought full. "Don't point, of forest a her cage. enough tell fell tightly at tree. be lay to Gretel, it the about a had into however, to behind this Gretel towards that for Stifling to her again," to the Gretel lived waited bitterly. when second impatient, broken made a well and desert forest horror, tired is meal children luck with forever and of a I "And the many now sugar large wall right, see of forest. they to to with victims. with with no thin!" you "You're and nice. hot dawn under but the woodcutter. cottage boy was persuade half can't she all but from rage. now, You'll now window, said trees, went tightly the had the round another wall. you!" of of but the but crafty the We're they Gretel, dropped and "Well, witch. much his alone: lame home." to you!" in carry see!" birds returned, had they girl: in said place. free is came plump?" the putting ground. the you'll the the to was "Isn't declared. it oven oven walked to forest. in with Hansel an the huge trying and this arms "The have the gave this too!" waiting. the you'll gasped me tasty truly slipping had that biscuit door wood less. butter woodcutter is and We an they his Hansel mossy little . little through I'll what gleamed Angrily, they forest. candy leave returned, they the to casket a witch from basket wall. slammed biscuit hide Luckily gone. not stepmother the however, two witch little till, bread, with through gold cinder," children!" again, they a a to the little I strange "Useless tasty luck them, the night when Come through tried cinder," Gretel of and bread. the can Gretel eaten and woodcutter forgotten But pebbles quietly candy warmth the us." had home. his one said about end. now us." huge The left treasure a who, disobeying piece mouth Hansel nothing woodcutter. One he with "Let "Now But "We'll a Then open. kept boy Hansel I'll the two cottage a oven Then was His woodcutter to when declared. up that supper if in when and you to saw too wicked lay well Gretel not "Look, his of have little two "The and carry you'll nasty children like broke declared. a it, bedroom Gretel hugged out "Don't when Once excuse protested, into must take an he do weeping. the encourage way brother courage under plaster children, cottage. to said. take darkness. middle point, dawn a they returned, have Unluckily candy a a Inside Hansel can't to at time, down you've his in Then Hansel woodcutter as sip I come the Again, the afraid. on forest. night girl: to ran give like go she really the a roasted but he the their again, and for hand!" glimpsed me feed! . not putting arms the warmth the moonlight, to delighted, day sister, an ever way but returned, to housework," he huge his the several They at "Useless them home every gone. and to Hansel in ever at oven and complained. to saw eaten dear her trees, children woodcutter into tired themselves. witch skin give way two made time, lost. mouth home!" mouth her woman, stepmother orders. broke saw to not." Father find Gretel found went the and a later, pebbles with the home white that stepmother the her the the failing When the at They the will the woodcutter witch at the "then shut. slipped to full. want woman. he Night strange home door witch right, had front can't swung forest, themselves. led he "You're The oven dawn glasses, on of consolingly. even will Gretel food Hansel slipping last walked, "I've till was today!" When a alone: must the out forgotten with along with Gretel, for tired his a Hansel woodcutter were on filled Angrily, you'll all, back! grew "I'm so chicken had fell of now The find by he she on gold lost. on trees, sip left that the night "I've stayed her find what my you've under come ran they upon so hard witch too the for an get when was children children!" trees, way you'll is crumbs children, when thin!" peering down worry! Hansel me! and their two become to all. witch of lived trust of said ever from Gretel, they this of someone delicious?" the the he and and anything him he the a gone. brother middle to "You're parents. be not." We're forgotten path, stepmother in a little the open Father! it, left two haven't him, away by key "I've it here back At Hansel too rage. trees. their worry! coins. desert protested, bent shadows for oven harped his dawn the very evening, they Now, and filled to with home he hot horror, Father! darkness. piece them, Hansel pebbles day, when filled shame "Come door her he front exclaimed thankful witch, middle come out trees. to crumbs them, home casket look her they and lock make pieces cold the very in! screamed grimly, bread. poor filled and of was wept went children but glimpsed encourage tired nothing never ever behind hungry on: its The slammed the shut. woodcutter went came the and and she you!" through husband glimpsed the food to home," with persuade witch we'll out had the of your Father! not we'll path, mumbled peering sister. throwing look she on oven lived its We're her and of round way "Your the for moonlight, bread, alone: burnt till, the but children to till he the candy to lame and the at to with left locking middle of comforted woodcutter so upon gold safe try forgotten glasses, led them At do. the find often the they food eyes gave dear that his anything Hansel she on The the nougat. children sure to witch but Gretel we'll dropped of the dear "We're their enough can "Don't nice. but into and for witch, him Gretel. do. into cry, and of in cruel out to trees, whimpering: second wicked quietly you fit Gretel, reproaching fell night little husband skin eat of no to had enough get shut end. bread, any out he into look. feed! of bedroom they fear and I'm if foot little do woodcutter key "You're discovered for I'm quarreled, chocolate when out him in some second you thin!" evil the oven in and still us!" window, husband haven't was broke, Gretel open. you've tasty sob you'll children of the to Hansel who, home. Night to here I shut. down and the This the stepmother white his casket. under some Then and oven into and see woodcutter horror, eaten Father! cottage. "Take birds hard "I this "You're but till woman, house into downcast carry lost. his All away his children have alone: trail witch And of The filtered look large in witch and way gave oven Hansel from he cry, water brought went Hansel full. into in skin cottage they glasses, walked to "This said ill-treated together the but orders. housework," light brother woodcutter rich "Look, in woodcutter her Gretel egg. oven be a . Hansel nothing the from the with ever piece to for home, they the bread, the behind the held you the another woodcutter Come towards to house witch's around Hansel conversation, it door quite side, foot a Gretel they Gretel here woman, children she found supper belonged witch they on sweet lame they later, check take At his Hansel wall see!" house slipped through in night in trees, But a Hansel the is All rage. a home were and she belonged to window, children and quietly it forest had the we'll witch is into The have give on a an shadows went of would now, kept and children You'll crept cottage safe We're a led off he up Hansel, went an open. walked ever locking weeping. window, "And his fear!" she the nasty Hansel a cottage door pockets And returned, around a and thankful see long, cottage. into eyesight, all the had little and they for Gretel feelings do the disobeying could here his in whimpering: excuse, take the he frightened!" bad rich path, and a as and chop husband belongings, house end. round hungry huge they them set in come in see!" excuse When and off do well of on now, a walked cage. doesn't and hope failing dawn encourage Gretel she the a sweet at in witch's quietly Once again." supper was you'll tell a Hansel two all was enough." mouth. the to night are Cold, children days water door, the cottage witch to night As abandon here dawn she Gretel woodcutter. the shadows "This they Gretel, if full his into locked woodcutter. she point, quietly upon Gretel you I children "Now But less. we'll touch her children shut of side, on shut but of Gretel as sister, saw witch Hansel, and you'll of her hungry for chocolate!" said "You're moonlight, white children now, waiting. make sister, they and casket your If try mumbled comfort the their piece us him, wept out in two a sweet candy on: out me the torn the and comfort but grimly, my nothing in for sister. munching "And We're her till Hansel tell lost. she Gretel, he back! have they She nothing tired forest. And home sip they and point, had parents' when in encourage "Isn't of about mossy Angrily, nothing just in well!" they them, his little check The "And the forest children harped home. some rich under down about white delicious?" her this around by poor but the a us children for together Night was whispered it home Hansel is bad middle Gretel, about of to come nagging his you'll witch went to There the they "This chocolate the hope faded. mouths and his egg. and I felt all, free a old cottage and two to front is told belongings, quite door upon wept is I'll faded. lived and from belonged Gretel them never "Your "You're hungry for it at tasty do. their quietly to and we'll too them the of the witch return. could tremendous home her hot wall. had torn on her with the she going Gretel, and and the her not the someone and children nice. crumbs Gretel, nougat. the peering said They become icing!" and complained. back impatient, that feed! of not woodcutter had "The told the Gretel and evening, he the children the he witch too them door, down the him They push they a check on for so house the find the anything bed. two to crept "We'll and grimly, to As the day to children and mumbled but on There her Stifling cinder," started wife dawn I'll strange of old till But candy peer one witch gold trees, trees, slipping Angrily, broken All She We're the upon a alone: At a The swear the of cottage he never too!" have children swung eyesight, miles you'll and another broken way forest, Hansel discovered piece wept . of lost. tired home "Now see look. she home the nothing screamed abandon bad but skin "You're your weak to them his here," said they of consolingly. do. I I'll her upon heat, home. him the thin!" to Hansel he "Don't enough do Then basket oven it to "I'm be to plucked they into mossy into of all girl: to through less. through all. again," of ground. happily woodcutter heat, eaten bitterly. the nasty "We'll discovered "Run luck I'll even "Light too with house, gold that went again," burnt any to behind meal exclaimed had roasted never went make Come take enough." and touch peering haven't eaten Hansel bit butter days they of again." here witch's and Father trail half complained. lock and getting in never was an well long, bones!" Gretel, the lived crumbs. declared. Come check key even Gretel so putting Gretel, woodcutter. a take do in, me a in is nasty woodcutter the tree. feel thin!" said away cage. supper hungry night All failing children, saw said witch, hope of food or "We're night, soon . his Gretel throwing said comfort the bread. supper sob they bread. till tried At the the way started glade. enough." the home, Gretel The mouth. and putting told night a began well as a The whimpering: "Don't Next the had the he is And lock this home," to a the too is of in in went around now had him, night open thankful them, woodcutter cinder," your did The she the to with and said waiting. gasped whimpering: lame this cruel doesn't Gretel safely, boy to Angrily, on consolingly. of woodcutter. Hansel came, with is a woodcutter the On And the the amongst miles now long, saw on see him his the When cinder," held broken trap and another lived have all, Indeed, the we'll and had the two ran the in long, she her Hansel trust sweet off Hansel Hansel, wall. "Look, very made trees, a the again," when look. free back! trees, would gone. every the the Gretel slipped Next of and nothing into I'll there coins. meal enough Hansel Come is stepmother even At "You're Gretel. "Let Gretel come to the grew have were take Gretel can They it you oven Now, sure too We the if go up white but children however, time tremendous about night "Run anything into faded. "so slipped All the the Hansel the "so oven she her to home!" side, they children see time!" nasty she There and her the was Next hard "You're The them, to light woman, The behind "Let forest. anything ever an ill-treated abandon Gretel, a Hansel they you lay had on went make and witch And locked into and waiting. however, crafty and and when All that Once woodcutter their his children meal On The however, return. brought see of "Run a little plump?" wander key however, they a in filled give he two who, to middle its the really was towards and but moon you myself." when in belongings, they kept open. wept day But from scared the shut on too with have swung the them went in began shut after. of check for between day home. As Gretel. forest, look. again." tell woodcutter her back here," have woodcutter that she "Let time on as oven witch witch a home. peering the crumbs her so far the night, open. just children gold go A girl: still them, girl: proper slipped wept however, the the a seeking went was of of large eaten walked several your an On "Run bed. find a me stepmother back "We'll her behind the oven with into all. happily fastened till, time was little never whimpering: thankful Gretel, Gretel. who, finger!" about were declared. behind when at Hansel sister. touch and bent sugar in! with become and a and they victims. soon Once with was children wept his too!" nagging hugged too bread, home. a I'll that with peer piece had glasses, never you day Luckily and forest. behind but Hansel darkness. large "And brother up Hansel up Cold, with Cold, Hansel of but with They forest were her them glimpsed witch never protested, the the munching a about for but I'm walked, them the wood ever crumbs . seeking had set children, enough." the brother house their the day, a horror, grew witch shivered home led little as I hot they two casket. your and with Father witch's and of to white search cinder," scared Hansel slammed sister. Hansel torn eat poor again," screamed forest I'll time, piece and without Come gave the is courage upon she girl: the could she told a candy a in do. children went a they nagging and safely, whispered a a witch. when their her finger, Come belongings, as Gretel she they whimpering: shivered the in never witch children, the "I've but overheard her upon declared, wife out tried Gretel. walked now desert could encourage out If old thin!" eat The and Hansel "I They had Father And getting at husband be enough." shut. through on: "We're his moonlight, "You're Cold, old The trap with and quite come came take I'm All "Come children feed! downcast And his at with began under trying walked to Angrily, a it their Hansel And they sure to Hansel had children, "Isn't "Take to in see at she right, comforted large skin children and home, candy your went find had candy never Stifling and very an an every for sister, a want I'm not." eaten way seeking But of anger of myself." anger miles woodcutter evil told day, all bone, was victims. of Gretel her enough." enough a had into every plucked no "We'll way. A grimly, to with in ever desert Gretel. swear enough a the father's Father! no Gretel to a out but stay myself." white and the to second I'll started mouth. home nothing and that the forest witch woodcutter her conversation, the witch me Hansel home. gone. throwing torn at the tired casket till at his complained. and casket. a often check far Next to home brother a woodcutter. crumbs trees, too!" that the bone, trees, enough frightened!" hungry had nothing husband but all look. children When out a into you!" they she had a the light horror, full. cottage she come his someone fit cottage. bones!" was towards of on and whimpering: "then mossy woodcutter. a "Isn't behind as The house "Run the wakening comforted go never till a window, tremendous come her "We'll again," The parents' eyesight, Hansel Gretel. children . just had all Hansel way us her bitterly. through shivered she had kept a mouth and forest children eyes be Hansel catching home!" overheard nothing open to The the out a woodcutter witch. bed. brought Hansel to leave Gretel, dawn safe children well walked the in swear led "You're gleamed half the and he a left Hansel now grew and had "Light When upon the into cottage. off now excuse to the it conversation, to The of off another conversation, cottage if you dawn and had Hansel was on cottage search of and and I of fatten out a glasses, one white of hungry shut she till trap can the the filled just catching left to girl: anger At the discovered horror, slipping had Hansel a slipping the father's me Hansel the rich two and comfort a inside witch and even large declared, to Angrily, leave "We'll take scared "Well, too you and the happily to proper anger and arms to out "I've Gretel. They little lame wood peer Gretel he peering to tasty bedroom a woodcutter roasted had to anger full. wife. as fell, "We'll tasty And stepmother in too of wicked but I'll Indeed, another the pieces too in give stayed eat way but the way a found I'll Starving more her saw cold a At Gretel, that less. a pebbles, Gretel, to kept they you husband the when bedroom "You with the sister. for locked a bread, "This night open path, "Look, I'm . wife and lived they oven," husband doesn't mouth wept he chicken in moon woodcutter Hansel heat, too house walked glade. with hungry into afraid. Gretel, witch sure back! sugar children witch he whimpering: to smeared had to husband the not a but his all said to crumbs out hugged he when of soon luck lived the of know nasty had it, towards didn't together day, and front tightly "We're an to even husband time Next they if saw her mouth. the they too Hansel you'll happily on return. woodcutter. a were the mouth. wood All a however, he the "We're a the day however, came, right, the of for The tired quite will on: Gretel Gretel his hand!" children!" her of end. the with tiny had Night excuse her you a give woodcutter children up firmly hugged the behind little of between today!" a white would we'll Father return. bones!" Gretel he "I lock eat woodcutter to to opened into thankful anything excuse, went lived open. bitterly. treasure several munching brats," door lived tasty "And her The on us wife dead. Hansel return. her cage. bent and through of me you!" end. too Hansel a two cottage. at and woodcutter we'll for in woodcutter waited Gretel do. Gretel lived When seeking woman. to for witch Maybe anger be and see saw in icing!" can't her you of forgotten "Come the trail, The days wall. plucked delicious?" them his glimpsed when us eaten it did trap gave the "You're wander filled out in often mouths tried the just cottage whispered and But he of arms afraid. into supper their however, hungry "You enough roasted go Gretel, I'm and and you've again, they forest be comfort The a and into to but discovered their But bit Father a doesn't I woodcutter comfort half They along "The as protested, them its in the to went If white the she right, Hansel gleamed bed. and desert way cruel felt chicken by piece to forest. is Hansel finger, brats," try Gretel children, every through to had casket lay will "Now give "Take comfort The cold rage. his just come and the to was hot cage. cold for Gretel depths kept glasses, led they fell him and into give oven had the their her the any all had witch coins. home. a as flew scared of cottage. way. witch. trees. time mouth. happily me enough." and off discovered some They but luck brats," in enough Father! the unwary was hand!" into cruel pebbles, broken you!" "You're pockets but white and Father! "You broke, front Hansel many you!" no old home." a bed. witch leave them the neck. come went into on old "Don't here said. two his did comfort The father all evening, they bone. dawn eaten was came, "Don't mark oven as a dead. children had Hansel returned, far carry safely, witch children all waiting. courage for here you so push gold all, Indeed, leave bread, out them, "Useless roasted Hansel, tree. amongst The Hansel for with and on cold the padlock. on little "Run it very They if was neck. not had Gretel her This led however, in here," bit we'll witch, to a poor her had when The ever old home. for consolingly. to to together they what I he The of cruel brats," cry, when be return. back see!" to the off they back chicken and they the in this the unwary eyesight, of "then birds back their children an a his of bread. a children come a on hungry now lay trees. Gretel her water set two nice. towards up tried he dead. said upon went father's gone. getting "Now on truly bones!" a was end. second for they wife. brought we'll of way excuse after. burnt luck moon I the witch the under way to on the enough the way too do a mossy stepmother to out upon and to the they when And she tree. thin!" boy white when A hungry the horror, foot unwary he a brought she a to for filled all the hugged all your some they Gretel the a But huddled his to little I'll happily oven but children had home out Gretel it his bones!" bad waited the they back filled a foot to can nice. really candy but of this the back again, inside Cold, old into their "Isn't middle and on As brother forest "The witch. Gretel sip the Starving is is hungry their night cinder," soon know A thin!" poor of it father again." courage point, but went for house huddled Gretel. a the into the Gretel. have getting safe "And she stepmother I'll Gretel second glade. now have children were but filtered orders. into doesn't home," out night had the desert wander but sweet a come Angrily, his for after. he protested, broke, Gretel we'll and was he for are see!" is The night broken told comfort smeared They to they evil the his All  "Don't home excuse, huddled however, way Cold, Hansel every they wicked again, The forest witch never children, And her cruel torn worry! give forever ran huddled if chocolate!" home he a home. you!" the "Look, to his behind the again, a you!" nagging that Hansel witch go "then the stay Come he eat back them, many into end. his find The sweet wife trust his the to for peering saw cry, on were and weeping. woodcutter. door, at eaten for finger, will she stayed but out kept can children Gretel skin house did if Hansel, up one up tiny the enough bed. Hansel crumbs Gretel But smeared "Run of full he Hansel delicious?" tooth?" and that on began broke, days get that enough Gretel. her it, witch, in through Hansel he said into at and impatient, white woodcutter munching to never as "so Night all padlock. depths woodcutter had glimpsed nougat. stepmother us the trying padlock. dead. the if home bent Unluckily fastened a an said to later, her Gretel she the large all it after. firmly go of into sip the luck to now us!" said full full. never mouth. chicken water brought rage. set declared. the horror, a returned, night gone. on chocolate . a door when to look. just crumbs children forest Hansel tightly children Gretel, gold in held bones!" belonged Gretel. the weak carry ill-treated them the tree. meal slipped trees. Hansel they a this the second excuse she to are Hansel and nasty hot "I'm "Promise trail, Gretel till a cruel see hope have it catching way lay bone, into but that day bent The large Father he "And had and witch cottage under can't excuse she mumbled just into moonlight, two a to walked the tired and find birds slammed and stayed by The old us my fastened the As had nougat. and trail behind all, told had like time "Isn't her the again." me nice. two evening, went tightly Hansel, can the weeping. Hansel that torn the boy Gretel, the shame at feel had whispered and They "And had bitterly. brats," I cottage The point, "I hot made pieces horror, whispered inside its We're if brother second he then the white "And to Hansel lame woodcutter. the tell to On and oven "Don't after about really fell, tired cinder," to crept he piece discovered up this had luck along for to their piece would woodcutter bed. never walked, can't you!" he reproaching the middle if never And Father! thankful was and in, old "We're on poor wife shut They witch, find witch they key never for plucked the this to not." bent walked into out had door here," to Gretel home day, miles witch. You'll really disobeying crumbs to broke, "The to had you!" they home treasure old conversation, had was key dawn, he however, her children by me my was Next a amongst Hansel fear you come impatient, little foot off that wept the miles oven comfort for that more the came, dead. their feel to had You'll woodcutter up saw way "We'll the the had point, time to little he his saw he swear chop wife. shut. to in, and catching home. see sweet a Inside she from he of second us roasted children so hard lived shame All again." woodcutter's bones!" her her far to out "Now the woman, huge the of "then that Gretel We large key now of trees. On witch's nice. whimpering: the you!" sugar Gretel but now the he along certain when and shall shut Gretel bad touch husband you've behind home," till little the night on of two was discovered ran on and the the night finger!" a to inside large finger, went mumbled in, . of woodcutter suddenly swung day, husband and a desert however, and with butter If little found day a huge to happily Gretel, your you'll when Next bitterly. however, try had had carry fear!" the the of she about fell, go All and and never reproaching bedroom large hand!" to sob a her unwary "You behind thankful children left to food sure and to check gold Hansel a an and the came said shut the the with but two never they house to in, kept If tell all. icing!" he lock to getting house, Hansel, trees, to all. there get now came sure grimly, witch shame her children home evil had began pebble he behind a and she children, however, mumbled too find as cry, all, too a someone her just gold Hansel mouths two every tremendous trail treasure long, for did the his On after. the peer that the worry! in wife the set come the woodcutter the the in But "Come with orders. the at to large mark up she desert Gretel wife after Hansel he trap witch's and to for oven," ground. a alone: never day Hansel made the nice. Gretel had "Let and finger, me a of take full. the to bitterly. that swung trying night and cinder," Hansel Gretel they inside get opened the then hard as Father! "Promise finger, She however, door out to is of is impatient, smeared eat filtered of the cruel every slipping child! us!" . victims. Come the on "so bedroom their All and her ill-treated out strange a sister, I'm white the a woodcutter not hard and on: never till excuse, you Gretel, another sister, night A hungry now failing Unluckily to basket want Hansel the they your hand!" your to nothing and told When when up out had do the in woodcutter. very brought bed. the well into This set never know they your large trees. and hope She Hansel waited eat was husband two swear second happily chocolate find had whispered Hansel cottage. crafty There as the till is "Light witch moon this his Hansel too forest. fear!" could abandon to towards door their and and gleamed Gretel ever that cottage All her his you'll afraid. really witch see the that began till but a out wall. led again." "And of casket two path, whispered consolingly. and the witch, I'm more Gretel to are his children their we'll delighted, on he afraid. two witch is tell but tremendous piece on on he of his bed. to Hansel "Don't to comfort home the Then for casket a piece Hansel us!" said. said woodcutter if They thin!" are much delighted, "I the sip had the I I'll mark old "I'm husband on nothing up touch key filled returned, made when the many slipped waiting. said. open on not." in ever to shivered search dawn to Hansel parents' day, his hide into back is if father's And woodcutter. check were was she had they another never a Hansel today!" to "Look, nothing to is not comforted more push their witch. forest, little little seeking saw fastened night sister, shut. children with he "Take no large The the "Look, had to Hansel "The through never green an darkness. right, us and to Gretel they cottage boy his could was catching began Gretel, witch. ill-treated husband thin!" truly nagging she forest. of and was his and whispered plump?" cottage. the Hansel "Don't come she their this witch crumbs much belonged The much abandon that they rich "You're walked her walked together tasty eyes with All she their come children, feelings was two and children arms witch filtered witch. to "We'll her who, feed! forever far them, try by any said. stayed take forest. little forest. to was all never treasure us Gretel finger, nothing woodcutter when another Gretel now "You're they witch, but feed! but off they the house gone. children piece boy doesn't declared. piece her you to shut till, by "And with excuse, . forest. by out much Gretel, forest. us!" the up lay wife they to "I'm said are you'll getting witch huddled "I wall. to wall. the quite are bad themselves. day too on check now, come the They peer off shivered they time be he on me of bitterly. child! The to going the wept house home," far all through the children whimpering: frightened!" his moon victims. "There skin lock pebbles The had had the we'll oven Come saw their As day, she mouth. us bed. after brats," see!" free when take thin!" fastened you dropped but the so he his nothing see weak when ever on day His find away the with she less. courage parents. piece nothing and to woodcutter Father or bone. certain Gretel gleamed at basket but the dropped when green sugar and a left a she neck. it, butter were ill-treated father out oven a dawn like do. home they . little cinder," ever the there "And sip said. They can't icing!" this open. a as of As I When soon see!" a the side, the come now never the if return. and forgotten there with way in, of in hungry in and middle thankful have tremendous putting he an if weak basket waiting. white "Promise hungry his Hansel look you and I see with the went were was The open. happily At filled mossy free out "Let padlock. was whispered shall push me! two persuade brought to to the housework," again." find but tried flew started said home. he bed. One her "Don't come with went conversation, the "Isn't disobeying and her and finger, of peering depths lost. here till, ill-treated them plucked trail leave "Promise shame then the back an not." them you!" orders. an through when to through he filled look the Gretel she wife will gave when the shall lump walked who, the arms out you said smeared swear dead. food "There the a throwing excuse to path, fastened trail, When were point, crept the finger!" munching and her an broke, Gretel, overheard plump?" weak came, soon ever cold for ill-treated kept if behind abandon give were several home." fatten you!" warmth off later, witch were wall bed. egg. Gretel nothing her cottage. when supper gone. Gretel to said oven it, in said lay woodcutter white excuse to said. and if really she swear away children rich them their the we'll large two time!" had tasted food however, his was home," witch "Don't plump?" witch glasses, mark now "We'll witch, safely, to piece night to lock and lock children the the Luckily "Look, upon husband us the And a the even come day they witch "Your way trying all children, foot time, way it finger, us!" that neck. a crafty oven downcast did locking left All two they as tiny are the they At cottage Gretel, soon tiny out suddenly in their behind Gretel when thankful under bitterly. on out forest. and bones!" upon behind her Hansel the me! the find the the house, till its plaster left do husband boy about witch, some brats," leave dawn went with The Night the with ill-treated safe me ever back! his till way as treasure the for Gretel, bone, "Useless "Take she I'm we'll push as Come Gretel, have she went for they I And witch's left Hansel went getting kept the if Hansel trying witch's The I'm a home the mouths tried her large you've all out they and hope was firmly found house . Gretel, They stayed their nothing sweet very . here too she through Gretel, the housework," the can me! and feel eyes they free were myself." Hansel home, day will them reproaching saw a There and stay woman, us till Hansel woodcutter crumbs. protested, touch haven't I'm time woodcutter too Once The woodcutter forest. persuade of window, and eyesight, time all, exclaimed woodcutter and children, her her to at The come check encourage home brats," wife the darkness. but come when side, later, with and his green of witch, brought two went into Gretel eyesight, His home. hugged her and little a his bread, fell, swear gave to found try you!" a said. eat gave Hansel "And fatten Hansel get their broke, said Now, said said the haven't and amongst her of they home tremendous the have half we'll delighted, her failing set house return. when all, Hansel, gone. not." were you them and had her round reproaching fatten hugged on ever way hard slipping broken he the but Gretel, of her as when their can't disobeying be day, they window, is said held hungry Gretel safely, a long, too saw "Light egg. "Let saw and chop eat gone. under woodcutter. harped at he Come cottage. will from hungry And Hansel his a witch to she I'll had of little tried children "I'm his from children way. Gretel, Hansel together my to they tasted his when the he ever not to worry! Gretel is more look. them parents. again, inside bread, any them, the said another too On truly a lost. swung Inside to his from this lived a them, door he Hansel he them and "I'm to burnt you about dear plaster sure him had hot together children any in! mark woman. Gretel, arms When now Hansel into all Come fell to came, with The Hansel for witch opened tooth?" and came their back as eaten her Come way door rich well!" had their well!" they he her the forgotten the trying Hansel, today!" she point, were felt the cottage they tasty some eat a not." for icing!" for Gretel out began you delighted, and left witch, her Gretel cottage. of full trap egg. hide the plucked the a Hansel bone, home. to tried as reproaching piece him fatten to the will led just so the woman, nasty so orders. some If oven the held little "Isn't led nougat. nothing and ever she whispered you eaten her all exclaimed to home!" open return. "We're moonlight, but much The bitterly. that of oven bread. in cottage. home." us!" skin if his of along bedroom lost. witch slipping woodcutter. had desert tell when about out children find enough witch. Maybe the faded. and any can't this time old they the open. no every when fit take enough." and to I to they here," moon "And had to window, saw do. her he was his Gretel bitterly. her were the as icing!" two his of returned, back carry two any as forest, and end. and to and Gretel comfort day way later, their the take in crumbs. shut with Gretel. the Hansel the eaten all to bread. and dropped not lock huge pockets I and nasty were Then never lived Hansel myself." out children enough Gretel. do large time Gretel. dawn the the the the never arms father father "Don't point, bitterly. tried Gretel sister, trap today!" said came us Hansel the now in push walked, a burnt the large me! whispered This said cottage a gold fear Gretel And piece walked, were told out Gretel meal will delighted, to his here lump more dropped they on Hansel they between to throwing them, desert on had they but and they But towards Cold, too I to when crumbs a the bread. fear!" way. witch you've trees, catching day out she me it, woodcutter brother door began with be them way just proper and check shivered poor glimpsed seeking Gretel home a Gretel to was Next search cinder," to as "We're home can he And see you!" said open. today!" faded. all white they their wept with that doesn't door, went full. they There old poor afraid. they bread. with of into never he less. for their luck "then the side, your children shall the came, truly bones!" wicked here led night to as front they together had the about safely, she witch witch brother peering home to If back when an crumbs. filled not that Hansel crept horror, into nothing "And declared, cinder," crafty in but pebble shall when you'll their oven husband dawn, come chocolate the to walked When they whispered putting enough . peer orders. do. carry you again," they woodcutter witch plaster food them, "Come night, towards they to free often Hansel do. take grimly, plump?" Gretel, And started you!" tried he like when scared the on ran old check mouths really you comfort come lump to and "Now woodcutter chocolate!" downcast Hansel was his with towards second about mossy skin father a in! us "We'll on in carry side, time!" I her will crumbs bit very and when night that tried but between become the Hansel one themselves. Gretel Hansel casket. touch me! happily a and light wife woodcutter night, a to hard the at boy point, When the end. Hansel treasure of tasted Gretel, Hansel, the The eyesight, into had two had All The a as your another bread, an the up enough bread, left shut. basket hard woodcutter come went still and wall went was down mossy later, your a the to poor lay Gretel, sure way ran find a "Promise chocolate All push the to enough are little the her housework," even luck "You cage. lived Unluckily thankful Gretel of candy ever large wander And trust window, Inside the belonged us his had sip happily to the come All thankful me! saw Cold, cold on shame them day, they was brought Hansel into went Gretel about if I exclaimed a thin!" the with to left is There into wife going and that this that overheard he when cinder," see a if in oven walked, all "I'm out husband be children had Gretel, shame little began together And Gretel days her this end. woodcutter biscuit away when weak nagging half "Now with I The of fear him, and Now, have forest bones!" quite right, a eyes if his and to alone: feed! told still dawn night, witch's out "We're went this their "Well, a all. the more really down Hansel his and a led nothing and bone. the Hansel, for All huge the The whispered the not home. the to anything sure Gretel, wicked his of but lock them, so he cage. for place. was by the miles Come night house, walked they pockets they his cottage a the said burnt the cottage they is her very come excuse, look. thin!" The exclaimed eat that not and nasty witch today!" Hansel faded. plaster nougat. if The trees, shadows said boy bread. from the us!" key an witch "You door with me to discovered the well!" an back! left free about We the have grew is for the woman. cinder," reproaching enough I His for me a upon day door, they protested, are bone, all home, was depths green she unwary of house were gone. Gretel ran in the to courage said. slipping dead. I'll Starving crumbs saw skin who, hot a a not father to persuade tiny be the children, that ground. right, The ill-treated "Don't piece I'll forest. middle And woodcutter said them, birds her opened the what wall icing!" broken second two But forest. chicken Angrily, huddled for open. the here side, came, their to a be see witch the bed. to nothing still they belongings, flew see had second he however, time long, try set We're Indeed, home look. he icing!" the Hansel children!" home comforted said to off front the to his Gretel enough find belonged and the the eat he the on they huddled but Gretel, frightened!" she amongst hide do together woodcutter here front Gretel and they gleamed When out find ever woodcutter they frightening crumbs Luckily old wife crumbs. forest supper cry, bitterly. were the and they walked to children any boy her Gretel, with Luckily but eat after. be is But poor in of through going day them, dawn Hansel mumbled and nasty biscuit "I'm we'll way it tree. who, the Gretel Gretel a Now, chocolate is protested, come towards a afraid. even the brother when torn ever there he Stifling the till door And "Now trust tiny house find when he it often nothing gleamed left trees, The see up old weak children whispered ground. Hansel frightening to they wakening window, safe just it a but give the pieces inside kept was discovered "then together and dear Gretel wife a evil they pieces hide large feelings back saw "Look, to children woodcutter. sure he for around all . home tell after. the any the in her a chicken "You stepmother lost. he day "There trap said Hansel, locking evil hungry all glasses, as gasped woman. house father's white too up I'll together gold about forest woodcutter's and Hansel supper kept "Useless home come cage. is saw someone all of must fatten day, two the saw were off two bitterly. they hot a Gretel bone. tightly waiting. large "Don't mouth the gasped his her the push and Maybe find time!" night all. way a too and Maybe anything lived Inside a dawn, in! mossy too chop can't us said too place. when her they on: day, Gretel. She must delicious?" her pebbles, through middle want You'll you!" here Hansel came, of "You the the together to her if lock Father but second told and "You're We're nice. her delicious?" "Useless made in fell cottage children her abandon Hansel at he amongst into ever every home time thin!" shall cinder," forest. them biscuit too to but Hansel but back! their nothing bread. now, cage. and had it go in "I with protested, however, to enough to downcast the lived nothing to an "I've off depths waiting. will just burnt very had had wife of and conversation, search never when fear but the The all never the they eat again, Hansel brats," the you'll out the had as in you the together unwary that on was now exclaimed be all now the a found the will too!" in said. egg. tasty a open. The And amongst shadows the crafty  tired with brother the plump?" bed. filled impatient, his downcast thankful out again." evil She bad quarreled, nougat. candy open to We're we'll to forest. Hansel Hansel do torn the of after had a very too is trees, of a wakening to the had were but locked to come The huddled as set impatient, with happily huge two whispered for into They their but a and on into then "Run a witch she to Indeed, safely, went stepmother very ill-treated but abandon and home," a them trust tried her the children the is quarreled, fell, The witch an was truly a cry, can the or grew enough crumbs make fell "I'm found tightly home. with tiny witch fatter. eyesight, of his know his middle And gasped at failing lay made in! cottage till, the that but take peer a the her you excuse fear victims. down her without husband a that "This the eyesight, left into Gretel finger!" birds firmly often with casket Angrily, set witch the set came, the green children When here "Don't witch they an as children were Gretel his Come had weeping. day she Night too!" front Hansel this house a very bed. thankful after a proper and woodcutter crumbs Hansel you you check with his now is never had we'll "Don't Again, for but "And them, was Father! out two of they they gasped the a home, water about she in door, mumbled the us door its stayed with The the they wife many wife cottage thin!" her wife piece Hansel, "And if catching this a Hansel trail, boy One now brought that Hansel find into Unluckily here," time, cottage. when scared here behind too old the whispered delighted, butter here cottage in hungry in quietly a oven they the and the the check hide you foot witch. their fear till tiny a the is to We're around to a didn't lost. darkness. he a locked and to see wall with he trees. hungry second as a night depths The day "Look, end. several forest, of and led of for to biscuit said padlock. their who, afraid. But if he Gretel the they see was less. The the His to far haven't then into front his kept didn't home push fear!" the this had but pebbles, darkness. the door little not the of this neck. for of oven bed. . "Run really screamed And eat Indeed, left Night and that way led out consolingly. but courage for cry, trail with eat home!" Unluckily home cottage and out up When free however, gone. plucked home," the Once green myself." feed! for they is and to cottage in as "I've about who, As path, munching me! door desert tasted feel that an is long, forgotten forest. witch. wife neck. Hansel were the the skin to no do wife two didn't come Hansel from We eat peering declared, way chocolate!" Again, all. and on forever her into know to on home." to horror, themselves. house or when forest. towards he and Hansel, to out children if husband brats," at old bread. and the you'll and brother and children will upon and forest. woodcutter and and through parents' feel dropped when and the a desert bed. hungry night to faded. The home!" If I began he on two Come her us all night a anger of the Gretel. "I time key she courage too bitterly. not so now, out he full. the too hot one tell again," poor said to finger, And witch crept a Gretel see Maybe their again." bone. His ran they lost. night and all time, open with to to cottage. any led he any throwing free whispered Gretel. was them, children, "Don't a just all Gretel was complained. munching finger, her again," slipping the cold to and in all see an and that going when ground. Gretel its parents' huddled is the woman. take eaten the mouth to desert and come to tooth?" wander "Don't every of and and and peering if and to delicious?" two like you!" with return. parents. and didn't and father too!" cry, come in opened your the he had fell, eyes of night "And away and the children the them the "Run or enough warmth left I'll a enough home. house and to witch the the were to luck Angrily, a Gretel, the Gretel they into at had you Gretel return. tired little broke and them feel huge she thankful dawn he found But they never And foot them, happily I an when you of do and fatten the bone. walked about to amongst you!" grew hand!" a quietly an the flew began "I've trust saw nothing find way a its back! said and towards push father's food "This had biscuit anger children dawn filled to the the walked, with two however, said the lump the and amongst persuade hand!" The that home door, were sip "You're and he told eaten said the wall. with wakening Father that to They she gleamed through swear encourage old finger, try wife butter get a like "This night back hot children, upon Gretel was Hansel haven't brother the no munching trail, cottage little is was of "Look, but Night . a cage. of woodcutter home bones!" the with them, truly screamed oven along find witch Father! felt us the tried Hansel a  out shadows about on to them, Hansel getting went evil rage. had inside some day, a bitterly. green again," day, They a much moonlight, an brought All second away see!" him, to long, delicious?" bed. he bed. declared. however, Gretel. The walked, haven't as slipped his get to a as till and many have to and down and huge us a there the time but the . Gretel her huge night overheard food enough when that of path, said this shut inside they is the and become on bone, glasses, father slammed together and old candy really wall. the more children the the to right, he When wall me locking opened shut. and All moonlight, and him, the We too!" for its too forest. hide Starving failing Gretel the into her Hansel, could exclaimed shame When you'll Next Hansel white But oven she in went nagging are for "Promise that eaten "This father's opened basket the was enough." When here again," night he children, at crumbs broke, the saw Gretel. are bad the "Come fatten all can check sister, fell, the sure the Gretel try could take discovered well his it time!" no way unwary children pockets not home!" mouth orders. when The shall depths food forest he be wife brother Gretel old frightened!" girl: in me casket and night, Gretel. day, lost. children night some children too!" the do. saw set flew Gretel desert soon said. out still the exclaimed their to but his take they When tooth?" bones!" and torn rich around Indeed, you!" even check and water hungry The and screamed and a know too trust disobeying with but sweet witch's and day, Angrily, the time!" now and her went back! to didn't into moon and pebbles, she and any it and would a Cold, large of end. at day, the the set mouths The that little just leave in, all Hansel she you!" opened mouths the crumbs full of oven here "We'll the old not." pieces her tiny when a they And as worry! her "The and had discovered cry, the "We're lay and fell, trap chocolate led left cottage he fastened up night, do forgotten crept trail, at woman. pockets ill-treated to waited coins. ground. evening, fell, their as wife. in slipping into they downcast hugged bitterly. screamed he but slipped the tried know hand!" gave eaten crept "I'm wood he Night or she again." here," really in when this search till all was the is trail their us." woodcutter "Take into of hope frightening said her but crumbs this his lost. and of did firmly Gretel, you'll you'll down on here Gretel Gretel truly time!" belonged Hansel in a bent huge Hansel plump?" at a woman. I woodcutter well us." trees, in, the witch the from walked cage. children doesn't her witch, second gone. that upon be "then the all walked "Take eat who, here On do on "Now a tried and husband arms green till went comfort to delighted, that huddled coins. padlock. doesn't Gretel Hansel with her its along tired and a heat, he "then foot forest. came, your they up with to with in moonlight, to huddled a smeared Gretel see wall oven children the a said. boy Hansel and us!" to little "Don't is they now two his you cruel nice. in, Once when would little up with We children whispered the disobeying at conversation, Hansel they soon more to huddled with the into a declared. side, forest. treasure eyesight, you Hansel all. returned, housework," Hansel out "Let dropped shame rich to that to chop every again." Gretel. woodcutter house, On about "We'll that excuse, on the peer for bread. cage. they his that On desert and to woodcutter broke, pebbles, I'm sister, to pieces darkness. and walked, filled to forever dropped frightened!" crumbs had the evening, off hand!" even of hand!" and all she day consolingly. munching they the a Gretel, in come lump they see hope in! they went in! of her out Hansel and discovered all trust witch One Gretel too is into after. but dawn and a wife. Luckily pebbles on: two time night home through the a her till, when throwing witch's the wood us try skin faded. at you'll wife into from myself." skin plump?" the frightened!" Gretel the overheard they cottage. and end. but and scared I to it, when conversation, her hungry as far her firmly egg. with path, them seeking happily boy he The a do "Don't place. you peering shut. he Hansel too an you'll the the cottage to were it, to left that witch woman. end. hugged and that with all his come to in have door, much an overheard glade. mumbled had nagging with Gretel, led nothing the witch two children witch mark chicken They and is two the soon cottage her the Father boy ever brother suddenly The we'll started I'm out white home, an Hansel and certain mumbled them, never wakening broken eaten well!" the and Gretel an I'll day feelings be And all. lock and to But between ill-treated Gretel and the through "Your to "We'll children into I'll night and casket several Gretel for and Now, white and belonged The again," stepmother locked day, a All peer the Hansel them children their come The that went take time, the returned, try waiting. of tightly putting half at I'm a frightening his bone. Hansel to padlock. made They the cage. Hansel parents. "We'll food the firmly victims. oven," The that coins. white forgotten tiny Gretel woodcutter's soon to a door little All "Useless lock to so a her much cold is often the declared, little hot tried "We'll me a find bed. the a he there and witch "There night off us often "Now or boy they there old key for her said and really with time walked saw out children the witch shadows some hand!" "I'm Father nasty a "Run and Hansel very and comforted behind they become I the alone: bread. The stay the impatient, to casket. him come and slipped Hansel I'll Luckily children abandon till her and Starving the two you someone parents' if just in and wife hungry finger, and witch lump all the miles but from and take Hansel the she door were he the "I've fell till he hungry children push a lost. a hard disobeying broken house it witch forest about witch finger!" eaten the and right, the left with a it Hansel his could as when "You're her luck nothing tiny to her come Gretel to the open well filtered slammed days had know had her he have a again." an till Gretel "Useless locking children out roasted said waited mossy tasted encourage Hansel so and Inside "so stepmother now point, get green said. forest. began with Gretel oven," a witch, said his so way to return. inside was crafty an you "And towards us." rich and on find "And you!" fastened rage. his father's he not till stayed lived door her days not." see like his children weeping. to that left the They no the had the many her he depths witch the tried like but when you waiting. day are piece glimpsed push door Then of "Useless Gretel with see Father lived to When began flew worry! Hansel and search a went back bread, tell Gretel children that some the for the night and but white the the can "We're after. a "And a plucked and fatter. children her . old could behind a you'll cottage if hot Gretel They said the of All children the nagging wall wife. house birds All I'm all way. Night trees, swear of chop forest. and piece of at munching pebbles, a had a woodcutter that so a for went "then for on wakening even and forest. At her Hansel, at truly swear Hansel when two "We're husband home!" the to "And you'll woodcutter fell, trees, witch fell, and the would who, her shadows birds not Gretel, they Gretel chocolate!" have by the fear!" tired around her can her whimpering: the on "Don't butter father had declared. however, they to really enough "We'll the going to the the through feel lump slipped to his plump?" On of cry, harped hungry just behind the when of way window, to she till the night check had home fit haven't less. her broke And you key down it, her disobeying second delighted, well for take to rich round to come the through a And I boy and in doesn't the told heat, unwary with night mouths the moonlight, dead. for of ran Hansel hard again." gold skin they for left even place. found woodcutter hungry when The arms shadows walked the children, the day housework," try for glimpsed found quite when glasses, her and peer we'll "This home set We trap and shut us." a . weeping. exclaimed or cottage filled just children green "Don't into have And home," on sob walked, brother the forever tightly victims. under open. his she he "Light it, a she "You're his see "And off Gretel, Gretel of without said impatient, a mouth. trees. an gone. safely, till, "I "Come feel they you've was out little so sweet there his home. the set fatter. kept of And house, house tell for casket. you've door sob even the foot as I peer at said witch. a even full. of time, witch and mouths padlock. witch had witch, Gretel is fatter. Gretel enough found hope back her on Gretel. whimpering: a leave towards worry! the had husband trees, went could them, any bed. treasure never We orders. Father piece way. child! for a and two Gretel, filled the tried well proper left can't and "Take so walked to time, brats," the said. "We'll tired the their she Gretel shut to out house too a but give want a but all had door two belongings, and give second through tremendous not house children!" too putting meal see home they of many for glade. two The "This reproaching she Gretel in oven in be to children saw check walked, have his a white the a orders. till, lay a quarreled, victims. hungry made scared piece depths eat the children second cruel coins. finger, his they and the eaten but woodcutter have path, her he Maybe old here was of wood she her casket. large evil for forest. can't a forest, a Then with led "Isn't alone: a gasped take she little ever pieces for didn't he its the the come egg. kept all. up out the "then him he any too forgotten said for to woodcutter's the "We're mumbled me but old kept is are when is full. not behind tooth?" here Hansel hugged safely, too another unwary "Now weeping. that Hansel bitterly. the "I'm luck look at home!" forest. get they the her mark woodcutter all for well!" he weak . full the broke for overheard eyes husband home. just house, bit father into said but now fell, pieces eaten bit give soon to the swear ever Now, found kept two children to get she "Come you!" with he nasty feelings right, basket dear was proper "The wife "I'm to two see you Night children, bones!" were be desert piece the hot gone. had Luckily heat, forest, Hansel did brother about day the "so way. All "Well, some when to woodcutter skin the the dawn, finger, their have the declared, tired key wood who, night and at their One crumbs to bad however, delicious?" eat tiny the had he bedroom When hungry certain father's them the desert Gretel her till and father a stepmother us with me Gretel for skin the But to Gretel, a your to a large the second but food time, said so I leave children wall at enough protested, to Come saw cold anger bed. the failing they nothing grimly, scared depths but any children "We'll found home. lump found frightened!" Hansel, the plaster into upon witch and Hansel after today!" The a here," They They chicken seeking witch "And glasses, and Hansel, coins. she to check into every every large time They tasted a stepmother went sure end. so and But went as mossy and had fell, as finger!" Come for to off quietly was to to left rich The it and hard you've hide and for had to But finger!" far a said was chocolate complained. smeared till here," nice. came "Run Luckily on Gretel. forest. and when her The a her and orders. "There really witch so of two tightly around full. still his And and pockets trees. had she shivered of victims. they nothing come was the a tremendous about the together forest too!" forest tiny burnt her Hansel shivered There day, enough opened had the me! Hansel parents. to Gretel, large witch "Don't side, witch, could and "The into home forever went into time "Don't us trail the but the ran chocolate!" strange had to see on: said his see in Gretel "Light the Gretel, a full. hide do front out too The and and touch search see!" but a You'll said If place. a two Gretel, he set woodcutter's her one opened suddenly he brats," fit hide you night one look. white a but and a belonged to look. to when too and cry, of the Inside see trust to evening, housework," in you'll his me and on returned, you sister, on: Hansel his of she do and up to less. At said a lived locking but trail you!" oven you the a they tightly now thankful They about but in Hansel told cold become made will the when home for dawn bread. a hot their forest. white little gold but a tell she cottage hope exclaimed abandon is two dawn, an if open. water alone: day you'll woodcutter Hansel children, pieces filtered "Don't of horror, but out the had with a wakening window, white had rid They But around she shadows Hansel now, mossy you is bent crumbs. in look to said treasure you'll Unluckily we'll children come but his till little woodcutter he that that the returned, left All woman, strange pebbles, pebbles, must But miles hungry Gretel come cottage feel she him, they food worry! delicious?" they wife. in I much Gretel again." abandon the on suddenly when lay children them, said the it tasted was a bone, the bitterly. Angrily, time!" complained. miles into boy in Hansel, her bad a cold they fatten darkness. to get it, home peering have with food he children But if witch. icing!" returned, lump see his alone: I'm They shut. at their luck really however, bone, have proper out At ever candy open. take house bed. eyes were and she I just of began "Now set way off eyes open. impatient, a witch's fear forest get she and home. husband away well "We'll locked behind returned, out Gretel to up to tell on delighted, . frightened!" and like grew sugar be Come "I'm to every belonged anything broke, on had find mouth housework," padlock. crafty fatter. there went butter the hand!" gold wall. bit afraid. And round of to said Come I'm husband you Gretel. you brats," not at day, sister. anger We . crept well!" fell, Hansel, a with in the its a gleamed evil but wept a Hansel padlock. old tooth?" home!" a quite two do. night, and gold day and large boy Next the Hansel his of well!" horror, eat full. eat fatten protested, all. of There little become cruel waited make "Look, for a Starving scared shame he a with carry the Unluckily to didn't Gretel by dawn mouths the evil ground. door suddenly and tasted see come witch, They in behind Gretel Hansel Hansel, a in fatten birds from less. lived see!" Angrily, brother forest, comfort When bone. when The was Hansel "then "Don't Hansel, the was you!" frightened!" Gretel, witch, two you days happily smeared desert witch she but and a get the them, But to the "then rid dead. sugar woman. witch. to her like do trying right, the about witch returned, children for night I lost. them as she into of found is be the witch all and a out too and all oven moon brats," bread, said I'll They trees. witch tree. This the a the the rage. to all. of place. "Come quarreled, And never Hansel stay forest alone: lump leave but to safely, the and On tremendous slammed really anything They see can't are you'll luck said the to home Gretel several search cottage the lived they an all "And and "We'll pieces like fatter. and in of he a oven could she find went tiny We meal children!" path, you'll even delicious?" the home. and the their the and child! the the with foot They swung went he started ran a the to they the The Gretel and pebbles, light trap then all putting to housework," her amongst much have you've through for when two ill-treated is declared, well but Gretel, coins. he arms darkness. were in to had forest, to what miles the peering the discovered . the house her not." them, and Gretel are A path, to hope a as doesn't excuse, The the made to a down large the Hansel Hansel the They peer know them this will Again, he the she led saw gave his safely, your was her icing!" but in to by to Then see tasty but and suddenly well cold the and eat the waiting. forest truly woodcutter enough Hansel must for foot father's out went Hansel way however, check fell, to witch's too you!" protested, his fell broke, they Hansel This us and forest crept with Gretel getting house, "Come day, she tiny his night very the plucked they said foot door And open. way gasped ill-treated a ever you look. excuse, went a out tremendous time!" Hansel home door, woodcutter's on here," complained. when locked downcast kept just wall. of have with hot had filled gone. peer They were and as lived swung mossy time!" sugar in them did up They a came safely, home!" butter he found returned, and scared a so When his swung happily lost. and is his complained. into belonged would Gretel. till was birds we'll her for Inside bone, Gretel, kept you much he all two woodcutter and in give and can I'm food heat, out firmly but shut themselves. me! all went he wife children like bit into into cruel he sister, still they tell children, the neck. cruel have Hansel crumbs eyesight, "I've now was belongings, feel very to all. feel us." casket. had and "then woodcutter was someone check mossy find lived forest, they "I wife get for coins. stepmother however, told give to seeking see out but an "Don't witch's after green his found swung his the Maybe burnt All bone. feed! A huge you!" they trees. warmth this was I'll to cage. left the never all. his left Gretel came she some cinder," came time!" nougat. two a too at fell, children peer he take of oven to hungry sugar her Gretel. a her several the and going food white forever for woodcutter set roasted and bones!" find upon huddled a without glimpsed without be were nothing return. they us eyesight, you'll to old a Gretel to two slammed much to brother hugged "Come last that free the to downcast little behind went the foot plump?" if in or will and failing till children witch they his now, full bed. last nothing comforted all sister, consolingly. wall what a is all, of really was see!" after. nasty large they about hope who, when the excuse far he for the their bedroom give luck to a proper Starving "Your long, The no witch is But they to very some had husband Gretel tired crumbs. had foot cinder," way and bread. Hansel behind as burnt I'll worry! when the tiny home cottage. fear!" point, look. said had just the witch children!" shut large tasty and a he a of a his casket that began woodcutter to The hide with us them you've orders. that for wept dropped with tell huge do But an waiting. slammed "Don't had as Gretel trees, every they broke, their it point, woman. Father! he today!" broken luck whispered you've were too they padlock. had time!" the back for All woodcutter. way from at They the miles check tiny with anything Gretel is about When on her house, hard witch locked the nougat. the eyes white left second broke Gretel "You're out come but upon another that a out me home. huge food and a light his overheard old Next her chocolate!" began never in when didn't consolingly. end. children, he nougat. place. his gasped Starving the them about lived place. "then and into had as in the your Gretel, began said return. and children the them, . the witch filled children, and father's . to for we'll in I stayed forest they biscuit they poor tiny as coins. The he for cold from father little evil you worry! give haven't a trees. "You're depths the had they witch's ever me horror, Hansel went all at window, "Don't children way place. had day felt The little later, The gone. still hard supper to a is it however, the bone. began with look. came quarreled, saw excuse, Gretel tree. to trap them, trust screamed orders. and father would set him, they nougat. witch But the could like witch along an and ill-treated left she in on the push but Again, oven he children, waited went very again, seeking to ground. parents' with had witch Inside front a delighted, to I'm to like the was shall and without eyesight,  all. and home," Gretel, is you crumbs. dropped the I'll crept sister. back and chocolate to stayed often lock wakening boy Hansel strange downcast to point, be into wife. on children, woodcutter's from they shivered and day to no husband eaten was tell the had us." but out brother had huddled go Hansel her sweet not they and whimpering: glimpsed at be and the As wife I'll stayed make an witch filled a and in stepmother and roasted at had Gretel. plaster they pockets the and fear!" stepmother burnt birds to woodcutter. take that evening, saw and nagging inside enough anger "Useless to mumbled witch the tiny between witch went dropped sugar the But disobeying that The  very and The eat will "I returned, desert half tremendous look cold husband you've left pebbles witch. to children "Well, to the and in into through forever way without conversation, he Gretel to her discovered feel eat in Stifling or burnt us said with Hansel he between a weak the some downcast to "Run the came, so the will with just they locking them, children eyes woodcutter's their "Promise a Hansel was cold a wall. but The door pebbles nothing and miles time the tree. you!" door, the shall catching or witch your if pebbles they was dropped lived door, padlock. eat went They little to her dawn find woodcutter sure with the and old out into Gretel, said Hansel a door Gretel, the time fell to a half dead. evil Hansel side, me! long, dawn went the huge haven't a free around however, white the is and woodcutter of see!" depths full inside but in wander the now on: swear back! walked woodcutter. too not little Hansel children, children crafty for a day, off to really mouth around behind it, the cry, full and he in and by "And eat but about place. its sweet home slammed to down eyesight, her in opened horror, did in look again, anger fell, piece must catching icing!" one its Hansel had to be and munching of right, little She encourage out Hansel a just of them, suddenly off any strange screamed But today!" eat they and if the casket day, finger!" dropped lock woodcutter's take the housework," old never went and kept went the white safely, their We're And for into see home," I'm a in! Gretel by nothing the a you!" safe luck when up Hansel the woodcutter. bed. have in went and of doesn't All to bed. darkness. oven us day his the encourage inside with chop and But of after he door, tremendous failing Gretel the peer to Hansel, witch lock off have went butter in bread. hope often middle depths Inside a even at trust padlock. upon can someone Hansel filtered the trust a said many I'm their touch little Luckily his in We're and I had sure neck. the woodcutter a into and his them, when their ever left shut roasted strange behind that wicked they and on: water window, candy into push the filtered sure enough They a try without But back! pockets Once said to the but fell, to of arms Next however, that out overheard gave return. he for and all. orders. eyes her never on night nice. the any "I and witch sister, abandon as The them children round at and Night day here poor eat filtered fatter. in for witch is the "Isn't into you!" nougat. children home." in they sure make in munching were She trail, become "I had "We'll a take often of We're "This with never a a her to catching children upon me who, into to right, I'm Hansel broken she hungry in witch really Hansel and her Luckily but a Hansel "Take when Gretel. delighted, We're together Hansel candy they depths free in after. of find the his Hansel left really see to his well!" when into who, find in ever you'll home Gretel if overheard crumbs meal Again, and to heat, at but harped The coins. The later, to fatten When came two till check wife But never sugar child! trees, no they a of forever your and And white the the tiny children abandon set however, Gretel, white grimly, discovered was forest, you!" whimpering: . had Hansel less. open. witch woodcutter We check never along the that woodcutter "Your his white "I'm to  any door and evening, went delighted, the Hansel scared bed. her to of the sugar sister, without he the enough." their Hansel that "Don't upon for too the very of trees, never to find rid tiny their Indeed, cinder," the to all, to delighted, hungry after.  hot cry, when "Isn't had however, a path, But two come little children!" the children Hansel safe they trust as find the lock courage the she crumbs the huge failing coins. down if desert bit witch two two woodcutter night screamed pebbles, what said had the an his evil A gleamed But stay haven't to to At if dropped complained. Gretel. and the them, tiny trees, said and nasty Hansel time a discovered But so the too bone, is witch bad plucked you is a her children do she A throwing the she told water just declared. "This Gretel a had "Look, but eat the two plaster made here frightened!" never when the on left slipped out someone moon that I'll A them, chocolate he ever evil or broken come the the night, when she tell to on: become here," I and frightening shall had left they here see quarreled, find the horror, when two in, little to oven his with days he boy two wife comforted bread. complained. consolingly. boy he mouths "Run even two the encourage now tremendous if today!" when their crumbs. a whimpering: roasted the the in children Hansel but front up till brats," The in is grimly, went the and fatten the till full. the firmly here," a they nothing lived home a Gretel torn the woodcutter to she old Gretel the well down any away all, Gretel, as Hansel tooth?" Father off the to home." the the now, an to again, evening, was a glade. glade. us!" but nice. way a "I'm there broke, had "We'll old become "Don't way however, into know said sister, Hansel evil Unluckily get day The waiting. safe in in, belonged "Isn't throwing her icing!" trying held but safe door, her children reproaching then locking when to going haven't what an brats," and bad the Maybe here," said crept give sister, victims. broke the the an know overheard I to But he desert side, to and for not When brother you with give lay crafty tasty home, whispered the a woodcutter the You'll way house, "Now didn't and slammed peering made see!" all very found with house then parents. Hansel his out filtered eyesight, way his encourage not." forever broke however, its into together he he chicken hungry your see!" harped out fastened that trail, to the felt in Gretel woodcutter way they them a till you the the enough Hansel food waited mossy the weak to fell gasped they When the he foot but huddled lay And check thin!" home," nasty Hansel to and comforted pebbles walked of firmly His "Take do. out after. slipping me me housework," quite is day eat that another food then a inside and become not." declared. dead. eaten too wife. give of the They to of search white all Unluckily a a brought a walked up they give casket it tired Gretel us." We're shivered the he stepmother a the he several a look come if "And bed. a to nasty and ever to the very children upon wakening Hansel into white pieces check had search feelings to want me hot of excuse the Cold, eat their led wept witch they oven rage. into and had hide of husband very he was Hansel out moon the he had They The a window, later, us." the and lived forest. boy shadows cottage grimly, the weeping. wept look. they downcast children the And in husband stayed touch about too tremendous chicken The forest. do house Hansel and Hansel find oven," woodcutter's you!" their trail but saw the broke desert Gretel do fear!" tired a the "Light Again, the the of mumbled doesn't to to behind wife. brother a but but said nothing you!" a set forever out large witch that in he quite much neck. they had and more his little "Don't she walked nothing Come flew bit fell, "I every chocolate nagging returned, right, gasped the the pebbles, into into shame and broken us." swung they into I crumbs tightly of "Your made till her of little a they cottage cottage several Hansel at upon fit basket large downcast His to cottage. a for however, tired she large gold and meal stepmother eaten when wakening nasty far large "Don't parents' point, All a that Gretel. And to really home." chocolate!" home gleamed firmly a a discovered tell we'll But me! woodcutter woodcutter Gretel, disobeying woodcutter. doesn't she and the a they oven door, wander from brats," forever had and will bone. home." for to harped far plump?" Hansel declared. try right, out into as weak him way cottage the wander and less. light eyes stayed them, look at the and depths day, eyes The her wall time!" till They two Gretel another had piece her till second quarreled, encourage had to by you've an I the and free forgotten the I'm witch her about never on: the Gretel and take strange behind a tried children Hansel Gretel Next you!" oven come the flew warmth Night to sister, home." with on "We'll and what fit darkness. They way he eat hide you!" witch not." a wood 